===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Sands Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and we'll open the floor for questions and comments after the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations at Sands. Sir, the floor is yours.
Daniel Briggs: Thanks very much. Joining the call today are Rob Goldstein, our Chairman and CEO; Patrick Dumont, our President and COO; Dr. Wilfred Wong, Executive Vice Chairman of Sands China; and Grant Chum, CEO and President of Sands China and EVP of Asia's operations. Today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements. We will be making those statements under the Safe Harbor provision of the federal securities laws. The company's actual results may differ materially from the results reflected in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we will discuss non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures are included in our press release. We have posted an earnings presentation on our website. We will refer to that presentation during the call. Finally, for the Q&A session, we ask those with interest to please pose one question and one follow-up so we might allow everyone with interest the opportunity to participate. This presentation is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Rob.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks, Dan and thank you for joining us today. We'll begin with Macao. The Macao market continues to grow. Gaming revenue for the market grew 6% in Q4 of 2024 when compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. Mass gaming revenue grew 5% in the quarter compared to one year ago. We believe the Chinese economy will grow and Macao market will grow as well. Gross gaming revenue in Macao should exceed $30 billion in 2025and continue to grow. The scale and quality of the assets we have built are second to none and our access position enables us to grow faster than the Macao market in every segment. Our business strategy remains clear and constant. We are investing in high quality assets that also have scale. We've designed our capital investment programs to ensure that we will be the market leader in the years ahead. Our approach will enable us to grow faster in the long-term, grow our share of EBITDA in the Macao market and generate industry leading returns on invested capital. Why are we so confident in our future success? In a competitive market like Macao, our assets give us a strong advantage. The scale and quality of the room inventory coupled with our retail, dining and entertainment enables us to tailor our offerings to attract the most profitable customer service. Turning to our results in Macao, we do have a solid EBITDA for the quarter despite having 20% fewer rooms available in Cotai than we will have once the Londoner is completed by the second quarter of 2025. We opened the Londoner Grand Casino in the last week of September and operating 315 Londoner Grand Suites during the quarter. We will introduce more Londoner Suites during the next two quarters. Today, as the Lunar New Year begins, we have approximately 1000 Londoner Suites and rooms in service. The full complement of 1500 suites 905 rooms will be in service by May of 2025 finally. SCL continues to lead the market in gaming and nongaming revenue and market share of EBITDA. Our objective is to capture high value, high margin tourism. We have a unique competitive advantage in terms of the scale, quality and diversity of product offerings. Upon completion of the Londoner in May, our product advantage will be more pronounced than ever. Moving on to Singapore, another strong quarter of $537 million in adjusted property EBITDA mass gaming has reached $746 million a quarter, reflecting a 71% growth in the fourth quarter of 2019 and 28% growth in just one quarter a year ago. The results of Marina Bay Sands reflect the positive impact on our capital investment program and the growth of high value tourism. The growing appeal of Singapore as a destination is enhanced by the robust entertainment and lifestyle event calendar. As you complete the balance of our investment programs in the first half 2025, there will be considerable runway for growth. Thanks for joining the call. I'll turn over to Patrick before we go to Q&A. Patrick?
Patrick Dumont: Thanks Rob. There's something I want to mention before we get started with the details of the quarter. The fourth quarter tourism to the Macao market was impacted by the celebration and events in December that marked the 25th anniversary of the Special Administrative Region of Reunification with China. Macao EBITDA was $571 million for the quarter. If we had held as expected in our rolling program, our EBITDA would have been higher by $22 million. When adjusted for lower than expected hold in the rolling segment, our EBITDA margin for the Macao portfolio of properties excluding the Londoner would have been 35.1% or down 230 basis points compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. Our turnover rents in Macao were $27 million lower in the fourth quarter of 2024 than the prior year fourth quarter. Our margins at the Londoner were directly impacted by the reduction in available room inventory during the quarter. We will have approximately 20% rooms and suites on Cotai by May of this year and approximately 47% more rooms at the Londoner as we complete the Londoner Grand renovation. Margin at The Venetian was 36.7% while margin at the Plaza and Four Seasons was 37.2%. We continue to expect margin improvement as our revenues grow, as we use our scale advantages to better address the unrated play in the market and as we focused on managing our costs including refining our reinvestment with optimized cash flow. As Rob mentioned, we are nearing the completion of our Londoner Grand renovation program. Upon completion, our competitive position will be stronger than ever. We expect meaningful EBITDA growth and margin expansion in the future. Turning to Singapore, MBS' EBITDA came in $537 million. Assuming expected hold on a rolling play, our EBITDA would have been approximately $2 million lower. The strong financial results reflect the impact of high quality investment in market leading product and growth in high value tourism. Had we held as expected in our rolling play segment, MBS' EBITDA margin would have been 47.2%. We will have substantially completed our $1.75 billion reimbursement program at MBS by May of this year. We are still in the initial stages of realizing the benefits of these new products. We expect growth in the future as we continue to attract high value tourism to Singapore with our enhanced product offering. Turning to our program to return capital to shareholders, we repurchased 450 million of LVS stock during the quarter and paid our recurring quarterly dividend of $0.20 per share. Our annual dividend will increase to $1 per share or $0.25 per quarter for the 2025 calendar year. In addition, we purchased approximately 250 million of Sands China stock during the quarter and in January of 2025, bringing LVS equity interest in Sands China to approximately 72.3%. We look forward to continuing to utilize the company's capital return program to increase returns to shareholders in the future. Thanks for joining the call today. Now let's take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And the first question today is coming from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Carlo, your line is live.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey guys, thank you. Patrick, obviously you guys have been active in the Sands China stock. And when you look at kind of the valuation of that stock today, coupled with the announcement of the dividend increase, is your thinking changed at all around the way you allocate capital, perhaps maybe being more advantageous looking forward with respect to the SCL shares?
Patrick Dumont: Look, I think we really believe in the SCL story. We've been big investors in growth in Macao for years. And if you look at our investment program, it's designed to grow our business and our strategic advantages there. And we've been investing to create growth for 2025 and beyond in every segment. Look, our view is that we want to execute against our massive asset base there and I think for us, the way we show that is not only through growth, but also through acquiring more shares. We want to own more of SCL and you'll see us be active in the market over time to do that. We really believe in SCL. We think there's real value in the future in owning the shares there and so we're going to exercise against that thesis.
Carlo Santarelli: Very good, thank you. And then if I could just follow up, as it relates to MBS, there's clearly been a lot of change in the property. All the rumor models, all the things that you've been doing over much of 2024 and in the fourth quarter, you know, clearly across the math side, whether it's drop revenue on the table side, drop revenue on the slot side, you guys saw a very nice acceleration of year-over-year growth when looked at relative to the 3Q. How much of that do you think is, I don't know, maybe exogenous or maybe and I don't want to say one-time, but a result of some other things going on in the market versus how much of that is the successes of kind of the capital you put in and the fruits of that?
Robert Goldstein: One thing I would say Carlo, it's not a one-time event. It's an ongoing event that keeps accelerating. I think you're right. It's a good observation. I look at these numbers non-rolling win and slot win is a $3 billion dollar run rate. That's pretty astounding. And I think it's a few things that are in our favor. One is a very strong market, but also really great assets are coming to fruition. So when you invest heavily in something is that good a market, you get the right thing, right place, right time, it all comes together. It's not a one-time thing nor is it peaked. The final product will be there this summer. It's an amazing place. I think you've been there recently and it just keeps on going. But you're right, the acceleration year-on-year is truly exceptional. But I think we're just at the beginning of a huge growth surge in Singapore. It's not going to end. We're the right place, right time with right product.
Patrick Dumont: Hey, one thing I do want to say is, the key thing about Singapore and you've heard Rob and me and the rest of the team talk about this on many quarter calls, the key thing about Singapore is about the quality of tourism. It really is an unbelievable market in terms of the value of the tourists showing up there and we've been very focused on investment in the highest quality of assets to match that high quality of tourism. I think for us this quarter validates the investment thesis and the growth that's available to us in this market because of the strength of what's going on in the catchment area. And so when you look at Singapore as a market, it's incredibly strong and desirable. There's a growing high net worth population, there's growing high value visitation, there's a lot of business activity there and there's continued investment in strong tourism infrastructure. So from that standpoint it's a very unique market and we really believe in it. We think the highest quality cash flow in our industry.
Carlo Santarelli: Thank you both very much.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks Carlo.
Patrick Dumont: Thanks Carlo.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be from Robin Farley from UBS. Robin, your line is live.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks very much for taking my question. This is [indiscernible] for Robin. I know you don't talk about the current quarter, but I was wondering if you could take a few minutes to give us your overall take on the Chinese consumer. What you are seeing in terms of bookings for the upcoming holiday and more importantly, do you feel there are macro indicators that the base consumer could return to pre-COVID levels in Macao this year? How do you see that recovery? And then I have a quick follow up.
Patrick Dumont: So I think first off, I think we're still talking about a $30 billion GGR market. It's the largest gaming market in the world. It's been growing. It looks like it's going to continue to grow for the foreseeable future. We believe very strongly the strength of this market. We've been investing into it for that reason. I think it's very hard for us to point to a specific indicator of the Chinese consumer that is an indicator for our business since we represent such a small level of penetration into our core market, which is China. And so, from our standpoint, we sort of look at the market. Would we do better with a stronger Chinese economy? I think that's an easy thing to say yes to, but I think overall we're very happy with the direction of our business, our investment and hopefully as things progress over time, we'll be the beneficiary of a stronger Chinese economy and see our investments produce more cash flow. Grant or Wilfred, do you guys have any other comments regarding this question?
Grant Chum:
Macao:
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Robert Goldstein:
Macao:
Macao:
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you all. I just have a quick follow up. Could you share your latest thoughts on New York license? If iGaming, you know, could be legalized there two years into construction, let's say as an assumption, sort of your thoughts how that changes the return profile of a potential casino in that market?
Robert Goldstein: You've asked and answered my concerns. First, I believe in New York as a very strong market which is under consideration those companies a long time. However, the iGaming possibility, to me in any market that has land based gambling and has sports betting, iGaming seems inevitable. And so I think you have to agree with your comment that sometime during the construction phase you could be faced with iGaming competitor which dilutes the value of the product. So that's our conundrum and you said it well. The results coming out of neighboring states like New Jersey or Pennsylvania or as far away as Michigan underscore that concern. So you've asked and answered the question. Great market, we'd like to be there. The caveat is how do you deal with the ongoing threat which appears to me to be inevitable in a lot of states, especially those that have land based properties coupled with sports betting. I don't know why you wouldn't have iGaming sometime in the future. So that's our concern as we look at that market. You're absolutely correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Shaun, your line is live.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Robert and Patrick, I want to start with just the Londoner. Obviously some of the disruption timing probably came in a little bit differently than maybe everybody thought. But could you just walk us through your thoughts about kind of ramp-up from here and how we should think about it? It's a pretty big margin drag. I think it's pretty understandable given the impact of hotel rooms on margins. But just help us think about maybe your thought process behind how that property should ramp in the next couple of quarters if you could?
Patrick Dumont: Yes, you know, I think it's really interesting because I have to hand it to the team in Macao. They did a phenomenal job this quarter being disciplined in our reinvestment actually generating this much EBITDA with that many rooms out. We are an inventory, a room inventory driven reinvestment model. So we base our reinvestment on the scale of our ecosystem, the diversity of amenities, the quality of room product, the quality of experiences. And so when you're down 20% of your inventory, there will be a meaningful impact into your productivity because we carry the expense base, right? Our second largest expense is payroll, and that doesn't change and so we had less inventory to sell in the quarter. There wasn't disruption, there was just less inventory. So, you know, credit to the team for creating the quarter that they did in this market, given the competitive dynamics. But I think now that we start to get these rooms back across the quarter, these 2,000 rooms, think about it, it's two thirds of a Venetian. When you think about the productivity of the Venetian resort, the Venetian Macao, and the room count that it has and the number of tables and the scale that it has, imagine if two thirds of the rooms were not available and that's the case with the Londoner. And so they were able to create this performance without that inventory. The good news is it's coming online. Some of it is online now, and the rest of it should be online by May, as we mentioned in our opening remarks. And that should position us well to get to our ultimate goal, which is to have two properties that have an equivalent run rate. And maybe one day the Londoner does better than the Venetian because of the key count. But I think the opportunity is there for the productivity to really increase now that the rooms are becoming available and now that we've completed this renovation, which in our mind creates one of the best properties in the history of our business. And we're not just saying that because we did it, we think it's really good. So I think from our standpoint, we have the Venetian, we have the Londoner, we have the Four Seasons, we have the Parisian, we have this high quality portfolio and getting these rooms back online will enhance our competitive positioning, but also allow us to grow cash flow and EBITDA, because we're carrying the expense anyway, and now we'll have the inventory to sell. So I think it was pretty meaningful, but I do want to give credit to the team there for the quarter they put up. Grant, do you have any comments?
Grant Chum: Yes, Patrick, like you said, the room inventory was at the low point during the fourth quarter. Like we said last quarter, it reached the lowest point, around 8,700 keys in November and December. And for the whole quarter, we continue to have the 315 Londoner Grand Suites. And then shortly after the year end, we got license for further 700 suites and keys. And so for this Lunar New Year, we have at our disposal just over 1000 keys to use from now on. We expect that the continued ramp-up in rooms to continue throughout the first quarter and the first part of the second quarter culminating the goal is to have the full 2405 keys fully operational by May Golden Week and we believe we can achieve that. Construction wise, we're well on track. It's a matter of statutory licensing at this point.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you both. And then maybe just as a quick follow up, going back to New York, Rob, we did notice that New York did not include the casino licenses or the downstate casino licenses in the state budget figures. So we were just kind of curious. Does this imply, you know, as it may, especially given the timing of the fiscal year, that the downstate process is slipping further, at least for, I think, the third license that many of us are very focused on here for LVS. Thanks.
Robert Goldstein: Hard to say. I can expect that you are, but I don't know you're right or wrong. I think it wasn't a budget. It wasn't a budget. I don't really know the answer to that, Shaun to be honest with you. It's hard to determine what -- I keep hearing it's going to be this June for the determination of a license by year end. Again, as you're saying, it's hard to know because they haven't been clear about this for a long time. Have to wait and see with you.
Shaun Kelley: Fair enough. Thank you very much.
Robert Goldstein: Sure, Shaun.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be from Brandt Montour from Barclays. Brandt, your line is live.
Brandt Montour: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question, everybody. So, follow up on Shaun's question on the Londoner in the Pacifico Casino floor, especially which I know you owned, were you -- sorry you opened in September, but without many hotel rooms above it, I have to imagine it was hard to activate that casino floor in the fourth quarter. Can you give us a sense on how you activate the casino floor and if 1,000 rooms would be enough natural foot flow to actually create a buzz and get that asset almost sort of all the way up and sort of producing before you can get the last batch or is it specifically correlated with how many rooms are open?
Robert Goldstein: I'm just laughing because the question to me is pretty simply where you in our industry, whether it's Macao or Las Vegas or Idaho or you have sleeping room above you is where you get gambling below you. So it correlates. The more rooms, the more gambling. 1000 keys is still a lot of people, I think. Yes, it can create a buzz, but that buzz will obviously increase as you have more keys. So 2000 is better and 2400 is better than that is enough. Sure, it's better than having 300, but again to your point, it begins with only 300 this quarter, then goes to 1000 during Lunar New Year and eventually get this spring to 2400 I believe. And then of course you've got rooms adjacent to it under the same roof and other phase of Londoner. Plenty of rooms there, more than most hotels have in any place else. So I think the results will speak for themselves. This has been a long hard process for the team over there, but it's probably coming to a head and we believe, and will always believe that assets drive results. This asset is extraordinary and yes, we'll see some buzz in February, March, you'll see more in May, but we're in this for long haul and Londoner will be a world-class asset and take its place alongside some legendary performers, just like Marina Bay Sands did and Venetian did.
Brandt Montour: Okay, that's super helpful. And then a follow up question would be on the Thailand opportunity. I know it's really early, but I'm sure you guys have done plenty of work so far on that market and maybe you could just talk high level about that opportunity versus your large coming second build out investment in Singapore and sort of how you think about those two markets vis-à-vis each other, and if they sort of are totally separate opportunities that wouldn't have to be considered in relation to each other?
Patrick Dumont: So a couple of things here. So I think first off, Thailand is an unbelievable tourism destination. It has very desirable attributes, great culture, great food, just beautiful scenery. It's a great place to visit and I think it has a great opportunity to add destination resorts and create a very large-scale industry there. The great news is there's an enormous tourism base there already and it's separate and distinct from people who go to Singapore. Is there overlap? Sure. Do people go back and forth between Bangkok and Singapore all the time? Absolutely. Is there an argument that it actually just strengthens our ecosystem because people have more choice within our environment? There's an argument for that. Although I would say that, I think they're both different offerings. I think if you look at what we have in Singapore, it's specifically tied to the highest level of high value tourism. It's rarefied air when you look who's in that environment and the type of consumption that's there and the type of both business and leisure tourism that takes place. I think in Thailand, it's a completely separate market. I think there will be some overlap, inevitably because people are going to want to see it on both sides. But as a practical matter, given the population base, the visitation they have today and where people are coming from in terms of inbound tourism, it's a separate and distinct opportunity. And that's how we see it and we're excited about it. But there's a lot that has to be done, a lot that has to be learned before it's something that we can evaluate. That being said, it would be great for our industry and it'd be fair, great for LVS if it's possible.
Robert Goldstein: Can I say one thing about your comment about that the mix of those two markets? Think about this for a second. There are about 4 billion Asian people, which I think is about 300 billion more than the entire United States. As I look out the window here in Las Vegas, there are more casinos in Las Vegas than there is in all of Asia. Okay? So my point is there is a whole lot of people in Asia, high propensity to gamble. I wouldn't worry too much about Singapore doing very, very well. There's just not enough capacity. [Indiscernible] used to say, like to build a strip in every Asian country if possible. The point being we'll do very well in Singapore for years and years to come. We'll make all kinds of money there, but Thailand is an extraordinary market and it will do very well. Again, Las Vegas must have, I don't know, 200 casinos. There are not 200 casinos in all of Asia. So the concern about cannibalizing, I think, is not necessarily even valid to think about. Four billion people in Asia are looking for a place to go. Thailand will do very, very well, but still will Singapore -- so looking on.
Brandt Montour: Excellent. Thanks, Patrick. Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be from Dan Politzer from Wells Fargo. Dan, your line is live.
Daniel Politzer: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. First, I wanted to touch on Venetian. Last couple quarters, it looks like mass volumes have slowed a bit there. Can you maybe talk about a little bit what's going on with that property relative to some of your other properties in the market? And also I think the arena recently opened there. So, any kind of incremental, incremental details on how that's been trending?
Patrick Dumont: One thing I do want to mention, I think the Venetian really is for us the benchmark in Macao and we're very focused on growing revenues in Venetian and maintaining margin there and generating a lot of cash flow and we think it has the capacity to do it. In the first half of the quarter, things were going great and things were accelerating. In the second half of the quarter, there was some disruption in visitation because of what I mentioned earlier on in the prepared remarks, which is the 25th anniversary of the handover. And so there were a lot of things going on in this quarter and one of the things that went on is that base mass was impacted most meaningfully by that event and by that 30-day period. And so, I would not necessarily look at this quarter as representative of the base mass run rate associated with The Venetian going forward. Grant, if you have anything else to add?
Grant Chum: Yes, that's right. And I think with the premium mass, I think the business continues to be very strong there. Also, I think you have to consider that most of the lodges in Venetian, together with the Four Seasons, it plays as a complex for that segment. So, you can see how strong the Four Seasons Plaza was in the non-rolling segment this quarter, up 26% against prior year. So, I think you should look at it in a composite as patrons move around between the two properties. But the base mass as Patrick said was affected during the quarter. We had a very strong first half of the quarter and then it softened thereafter. As it regards to the Venetian Arena, we launched a fully upgraded arena in late November. We've had a few events, some of them more like a warm up event. During fourth quarter we had concerts and then we also hosted the NBA Legends game that accompanied our announcement of the strategic collaboration with the NBA over the next few years. So the facility gives us I think very strong scope to program content for our calendar, entertainment, sporting events, mice groups and at the same time we'll continue to use the Londoner Arena. And really this is another example of the scale advantage and the product diversity that we have. We've learned how to program the Londoner arena successfully. We'll be hosting some major concerts in the Venetian Arena as well as the NBA games in October in 2025. So, we'll have the full flexibility and benefit of having these two great venues for different types of programming and events. And we believe that it's going to support the growth of the business in 2025 and beyond.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. That's helpful color. And then just a follow up. I think for the Londoner all in, you'll have invested around $8 billion. How do you think about I guess the return on this? Is this consistent with some of your other properties in the mid-19s? And if not why would that be? And then how do you think about the timing in terms of the ramp and do you need to see that base mass business come back in the market given that you've certainly invested in making this property a more premium mass centric?
Patrick Dumont: Yes, so I think the key thing here to note is, depends on how long your IRR measurement period is. And so I think for us when we first opened the property it had a ramp-up period where if you sort of looked at it at peak it was at I think a billion one run rate of EBITDA. And so if you sort of drew your trend line off that it would be an unbelievable investment. Then events overtook that measurement and we realized we needed to reinvest and reposition which we did. So if you think of this as a 30-year asset, which we do and you look at the potential cash flow generation out of this asset given its positioning, its theming, its amenities and its structure which is not replicatable anymore in Macao, we feel like this is a very high return potential asset and that's why we put the capital into it. If you look at its structure, you look at the room count, you look at the organization of the casino floors, of the retail and of the amenities around it to support the activity of our patrons, there's nothing like it. Right? And so we feel like this asset will provide very high returns over time otherwise we would have done it. If the model didn't work, it wouldn't happened. But I think it depends on how you view the market and how long you view the asset to be running in this way. But we've done the major structural lift, so we think we're in good shape to carry this asset forward for years to come.
Robert Goldstein: Again, one additional comment to Patrick's. I think you made a comment that's BMS [ph] centric I would disagree. It's market segment is open to everything. What makes these buildings so powerful like the Londoner innovation successful buildings in the world get everybody. They get the basement, the grind, the pre math because they have all kinds of capacity. They've got sleeping rooms, they've got retail, they've got entertainment and they've got just capacity. What makes it special versus some of our competitors, they don't have that scale capacity of lodging and gaming. This Londoner thing better have it all segments to get the numbers I want to see get to which is far beyond $1 billion. And I think the answer is, I think Patrick said it well, it's a time issue and how you view the market. Had we not fixed the Londoner it wouldn't be competitive [indiscernible]. [Indiscernible] Central couldn't withstand the pressure and face market. Londoner will not do well, do very well. They'll do well with not just premium mass, the base mass drawing everything it's going to dominate, just like The Venetian. Venetian didn't get there simply with high rolls, you get to, you walk in, it's all poker, there's base mass, there's all kinds of lodging, all kinds of retail, all kinds of food and beverage. That's how we modeled the Londoner. That's why it's going to be a billion plus dollar building when it gets fully operational.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. Thanks so much. That's really helpful.
Robert Goldstein: Sure.
Daniel Briggs: Thanks Dan.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be from Chad Beynon from Macquarie. Chad, your line is live.
Chad Beynon: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Rob, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that there was a decline in the turnover rent. It looks like I believe pretty much all of that may have been at the Four Seasons. The other properties in Macao and in Singapore had some nice increases year-over-year. So firstly, I just kind of wanted to ask about that if that was something related to maybe some VIP business that was there last year or anything structural in the property? And then secondly, I know the market and everyone are expecting visitation and GGR to be up next year. Is there anything in the model that would put a lid in terms of what's happening with retail given where the base is right now? Thanks.
Robert Goldstein: Yes, I'm going to defer to Grant Chum, who should answer this question. Grant?
Grant Chum: Yes, thanks, Rob. Yes, the turnover rent change is largely related to the Four Seasons Mall last year, or I should say 2023. That was a record year. That was an all-time high for the Four Seasons more in terms of retail sales coming out of that post-COVID spend. So when you look at year-on-year comparison, 2024 against 2023, the turnover rent is heavily impacted by the sales at the Four Seasons being down year-on-year. And there's nothing structural, there's nothing one-off about the 2023. I think it's just the way the sales evolved straight after the pandemic and of course the softening macro environment thereafter. I think we're strategically very well positioned for the retail sector. Over the next 18, 24 months, we are opening a number of very significant flagship stores across a number of the major brands. You've seen the first of these opening in November in Four Seasons with the Audemars Piguet AP House, the largest in Asia. That will continue in 2025 with some other major flagships and also significant store openings. So we feel that between now and end of 2025 you're going to see a further strengthening in the tenant mix and the product offering in the mall. And hopefully that positions us very well for the eventual recovery in the macro and the retail sales that will come with it.
Chad Beynon: Great, thank you very much. And then back to the U.S. I know we talked about a few potential legislation positives or opportunities. Anything change in terms of your view on Texas, the timing of that and kind of where things stand down there.
Patrick Dumont: So as we said before, we think Texas has a great potential as a market for our business, but there's really nothing to report at this point. The session just began and we'll see how it goes.
Chad Beynon: Great, thank you very much.
Daniel Briggs: Thanks, Chad.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be from Joe Stauff from SIG. Joe, your line is live.
Joseph Stauff: Thank you. Good afternoon. Rob, Patrick, Grant. I had two questions on MBS, please. One, you know, where are you seeing the say the biggest early returns from your investments thus far. I'm wondering if it's more heavily weighted towards a particular metric. You know, longer stays, new customers, higher spend. And then my second question really is on a longer-term basis for MBS for the three towers as we think about the ramp in EBITDA, Patrick, you had mentioned Singapore certainly is rare fried air, but could you comment on longer term what these new investments and where you think the biggest opportunity is for you to ramp EBITDA?
Patrick Dumont: So I really appreciate the question. I think for us Marina Bay Sands customer base is very diverse, diverse markets around Singapore who all want to do business in Singapore or all want to go there for leisure purposes. And the spending habits are very powerful and I think the biggest growth that you'll see is if you sort of look across our business, it's in every facet. You know, credit to the team there, they've done phenomenal work this quarter and utilizing the assets that were put into production and they still don't have everything in inventory. And so I think the key thing here is if you sort of look at our gaming growth, it's been fantastic, particularly on the non-rolling side, absolutely phenomenal. And in both segments in terms of slots and tables, but also on a rolling basis it's been very strong. I think the other thing is if you look at the non-gaming side, it's been extraordinary. If you look at the across-the-board things have performed incredibly well. We just had a question about retail in Macao, but if you look at the retail in Singapore, it's performed incredibly well and shown to be very resilient. So I think the offering there is quite strong, addresses the market properly and I can't really point to one thing to say that, it's the way to measure the investment. I think it's a very holistic approach. Rob earlier mentioned that we address all segments. I think in Singapore the market is filled with high value tourists and we really address with a variety of amenities something that's very unique and that experience in our ecosystem is not replicatable and so I think we get the benefit of that. And I think you see the results in our EBITDA this quarter and I think there's more to come. And I think when we get the rest of Tower 3 online and we get some of the other investments fully in the rooms completely done, I think you'll see the power of this building as people start to figure it out.
Robert Goldstein: I think that building, have you been there? Have you seen that building?
Patrick Dumont: Joe was there with us.
Robert Goldstein: Okay. If you've been in the building, you see it, there's just nothing like it. And the epicenter of affluence in terms of it's got the room product, it's got the sweet buy, the food and beverage, it's got it all. And I think for people who can afford the experience and want to gamble, which is a lot of people in Asia, it's just a very unique product. It's going to capture all those people. It's also got a wonderful place to be which is Singapore itself. So, I think we're in the right place, right time to keep growing that and we measure obviously the profitability and the profitability is soaring, but I think you're just and the best is yet to come. I mean Singapore is just the beginning of its run. As Patrick alluded to, the quality of asset finishes, et cetera, are extraordinary and it's hard to replicate. So I think we have every confidence we're just beginning of this thing, not the end. It's not aberrational, it's just the way it's going to be. Singapore is an exceptional asset, A very strong market, lots of countries driving it and also it's the beneficiary of lots of great publicity and awareness of how people saw MBS. They see it on newspapers, magazines, the Internet. It's very powerful, a real brand to us. So I think you're at the beginning of an exceptional growth story in Singapore as the asset matures this summer. Again, I think the future is very, very strong.
Joseph Stauff: Thanks very much.
Robert Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be from George Choi from Citigroup. George, your line is live.
George Choi: Thanks for taking my question. First of all, we noticed the introduction of some new baccarat side bets since late September in Macao. And would you please comment on how popular they have become and its potential impact on Holiday's longer-term. And I have a follow up after this. Thank you.
Patrick Dumont: George, I got to tell you, they're very popular with me. I think they're great.
Robert Goldstein: Unfortunately, you have to bet that much. [Indiscernible] everything. George, I think you know the story. I appreciate the question. It's a very, very powerful possibility. It's not a reality yet but the side bets as you know, are akin to parlay bets or you know, wages on the sports betting it's more of a profit, more of a long shot type bet which people gravitate to. Some people like it, the house advantage is much higher than the flatbeds, the usual bank player type player. So for the industry we're at the forefront of this, we want to offer those bets and hopefully the customers will come towards them. It's got great potential. It's early days yet. But as you know, this baccarat run is our primary business. It can be very, very powerful in the years to come if the customers decide to take, higher long run type bets because they do benefit the house. No surprise. There was an article recently, I think it was a journal about sports betting and parlay betting. It's akin to that. So we're hopeful that more people will partake in that. It helps drive the curve and it'd be very advantageous for those companies who are baccarat centric like Las Vegas Sands.
Patrick Dumont: And just to sort of. Yes, I think the key thing here is it's early days yet and so I think our goal is to continue to evaluate how the market is adopting and actually choosing to utilize those bets, but we'll see.
George Choi: Thank you very much. And obviously very encouraging to learn that you have 700 more suites at Londoner Grand open after the year end. I'm just wondering if you have opened any new premium mass capacity at the Londoner Grand?
Patrick Dumont: On the gaming floor?
George Choi: Yes.
Robert Goldstein: Grant.
Grant Chum: Yes, yes, we did. We just opened. Yes, just around the time of the Lunar New Year, we opened a new premium mass salon on level one of Londoner Grand. So we're obviously ramping up on the gaming side in sync with the room inventory.
George Choi: Thanks for your comments.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks George, as always I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question will be from Steve Wieczynski from Stifel. Steve, your line is live.
Steven Wieczynski: Yes. Hey guys. Good afternoon. So Patrick or Robert, maybe even Grant, if we go back to the Londoner, obviously you have that coming back online over the next couple months and obviously your competitors in the market know that property is coming back online as well. So, you know, the question is, have you seen any changes in the promotional activity from your competitors in the market in anticipation of that property coming back online?
Patrick Dumont: I think first off, I think we've mentioned this in the prior quarter's call. Macao has always been incredibly competitive and very promotional. And I think to the team's credit there, they've been very disciplined. You know, when we closed the P6 casino, there was some promo-ing there to move people around and we talked about that. But I think it's a practical matter. We're very focused on leveraging the assets that we invest in for the long term to drive customer visitation and patron experience. And I think for us the goal is to be disciplined in the face of this market, which by the way, is ever evolving. If you go back more than a decade, there were different segments that are in favor, different ways that people thought about those segments and invested against the opportunity and I think that's what we have today. I think we have a very competitive market as we've always had. I think people are investing against the segments in the way they think that will create the most profit for them. And I think for us, we're doing the same thing. But our model has been pretty consistent, which is about investment in product, investment in a great team, great service levels, and focusing on the way that we can drive margin and cash flow. Grant, do you have any other comments you'd like to add?
Grant Chum: I think you said it well. I think we remain focused on EBITDA generation and the profit share. And if you look at the third quarter results, when all the results came out from all of the operators, I think those who gained revenue share didn't necessarily see that translate into profit share gain and I think we continue with our strategy. I think it remains competitive regardless of whether we're bringing Londoner Grand suites online or not. I don't think that changes. I think that's a constant. And so our constant is that our strategy remains leveraging our core products, leveraging the quality and scale of what we have and the coming online of the rooms and Londoner Grand is the perfect opportunity for us to really drive home that strategy. And we really look forward to having the full inventory in place and then from May Golden Week into the summer and for the rest of the year we hope to see that really deliver for us.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, thanks for that, guys. And then real quick, Patrick, you obviously brought up the President's visit in December. I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do this or not, but just wondering if you guys have some sort of estimate on what the potential impact, from his visit was on your properties, during that time frame.
Patrick Dumont: Unfortunately, I really can't give you an estimate. All I can tell you is that there was a noticeable change. But the important thing is that we're looking forward to a grade 2025. We're excited about the opportunity. We feel really good about where our assets are positioned. We have a great team; we have great service levels and we're excited about what we can do now that we're finally getting all of our assets back in inventory. We're looking forward to it.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it.
Patrick Dumont: Take care. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. If there are no other questions at this time, thank you ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-23 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Sands Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for questions and comments after the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Daniel Briggs: Thanks so much. Joining the call today are Rob Goldstein, our Chairman and CEO; Patrick Dumont, our President and COO; Dr. Wilfred Wong, Executive Vice Chairman of Sands China; and Grant Chum, CEO and President of Sands China and EVP of Las Vegas Sands Asia operations. Today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements. We will be making those statements under the Safe Harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results may differ materially from the results reflected in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we will discuss non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our press release. We have posted an earnings presentation on our website. We will refer to that presentation during the call. Finally, for the Q&A session, we ask those with interest to please pose one question and one follow-up so we might allow everyone with interest the opportunity to participate. The presentation is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Rob.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks, Dan. Thanks for joining us today. The Macao market continues to grow. Total gaming revenue for the market grew 13% in the third quarter of 2024 when compared to the third quarter of 2023. Mass gaming revenue grew 14% in the quarter compared to one year ago. We believe the Chinese economy will grow and flourish in the future. It remains steadfast that the Macao market will grow along with it. I believe that the Macao market gross gaming revenues will exceed $30 billion in 2025 and grow from there. The scale and quality of the assets we have built are second to none. We believe that our assets position us to grow faster than the market as growth expands beyond the premium customer segment. Our business strategy is predicated on investing in high-quality assets that also have scale. We've designed our capital investment programs to ensure that we will continue to be the market leader in the years ahead. We believe our approach will enable us to grow faster in the long-term, grow our share of EBITDA in the Macao market and generate industry-leading returns on invested capital. Turning to our results in Macao. We delivered solid EBITDA for the quarter despite material disruption at the Londoner, which peaked during the third quarter. We opened the Londoner Grand Casino in the last week of September. We also opened 300, the first 300 Londoner Grand suites. We will introduce more Londoner Grand suites throughout the next three quarters. The total 1,300 Londoner Grand suites and rooms in service by Lunar New Year 2025 with a full complement of 1,500 suites and 905 rooms in service by Golden Week 2025. SCL continues to lead the market in gaming and non-gaming revenue and in-market share of EBITDA. Our objective is to capture a high-value, high-margin tourism over the long-term. We have a unique competitive advantage in terms of scale, quality and diversity of product offerings. Upon completion of the second phase of the Londoner in 2025, our product and management more pronounced than ever. We delivered another strong quarter in Singapore despite poor hold percentage. The results in rate base stands reflect the positive impact of our capital investment program and the growth of high value tourism. The growing appeal of Singapore as a destination is enhanced by the robust entertainment and lifestyle event calendar. As we complete the balance of our investment programs in the first half of 2025, there will be considerable runway for growth. Thank you for joining us. Let me turn it over to Patrick before we go to Q&A.
Patrick Dumont: Thanks, Rob. Macao EBITDA was $585 million. If we had held as expected in our rolling program, our EBITDA would have been higher by $2 million. When adjusted for lower-than-expected hold in the rolling segment, our EBITDA margin from Macao portfolio of properties, excluding the Londoner, would have been 35.1% or down 110 basis points compared to the third quarter of 2023. Our margins at the Londoner were directly impacted by disruption of the Londoner Grand renovation. We closed the casino and had around 2,500 keys out of inventory during the quarter. Margin at the Venetian was 38.6% and we expect margin improvement as the Venetian Cotai Arena comes back online in November and as visitation to the market and grows in unrated play both increase in the future. Margin at the Plaza and Four Seasons was 39.7% for the quarter. As Rob mentioned, we continue to progress our Londoner Grand renovation program. As these products come online, our competitive position will be stronger than ever. We expect meaningful EBITDA growth and margin expansion in the future. Turning to Singapore. MBS' EBITDA came in at $406 million. Assuming expected hold on our rolling play, our EBITDA would have been approximately $78 million higher. The strong financial results reflect the impact of high-quality tourism investment and market-leading product and growth in high-value tourism overall. Had we held as expected in our Rolling Play segment, MBS EBITDA margin would have been 47.5%, 40 basis points higher than that of the third quarter of 2023. While we have made substantial progress on our $1.75 billion refurbishment program in MBS, we are still in the initial stages of realizing the benefits of these products, including from our tower gaming offering, which opened in September. The next phase of our capital investment program at Marina Bay Sands is scheduled to be completed during the second quarter of 2025. This will support further growth in 2025 and beyond. Also, please note on Page 44 of our earnings presentation, we have provided estimated costs for our Marina Bay Sands IR2 project. We couldn't be more enthusiastic about investing in the long-term growth of high-value leisure and business tourism in Singapore. The original concept was in effect an expansion of Marina Bay Sands, including Arena. Our new program creates a full-scale integrated resort development with a full suite of amenities, including gaming capacity. We look forward to discussing that long-term growth driver in the Q&A session. Turning our program to return capital to shareholders. We repurchased $450 million of LVS stock during the quarter and our Board increased our repurchase authorization to $2 billion for future repurchases. We paid our recurring quarterly dividend of $0.20 per share in the quarter. In addition, our Board increased our annual dividend to $1 per share or $0.25 per quarter for the 2025 calendar year. We really look forward to continue to utilize the company's capital return program to increase returns to shareholders in the future. Thanks again for joining the call today. Now let's take some questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, guys. Congratulations on the results. One question two-part related to Macao. In the 3Q, if we look at contra gaming revenues as a percentage of gross gaming revenues, that percentage went down almost 200 basis points, how much of that is you're managing the business differently offering promotions differently than before? How much of that is just the market level of promotional activity is down? How much of that relates to mix between base, mass and premium mass? And then I have a follow-up.
Patrick Dumont: So, Joe, it's a great question. And I think it's something we've been focused on for a long time. If you realize what happened in the quarter and the quarter before and actually in the first quarter, we've been impacted by disruption. And so we haven't really been able to manage our business with all of our capabilities. And so what we've been doing now is as things have been coming online and we've been focusing on managing the business for the future, we've been looking to become more efficient. So we'll look to improve our margins from managing the business more closely. And what you're seeing is a direct result of that. I think 1 thing that did impact our margins this quarter and they would have looked better was the fact that we took so many rooms out of inventory. So the majority of our, let's call it, our margin change and decline was related to the fact that that's a very high-margin business, and we still didn't have it because the rooms weren't there. So I think what you're seeing is the beginning of the cost discipline and the pricing power because of the assets we've invested in slowly coming into place. So I think it's a good signal for the future in the way that we're going to manage the business with discipline. I would like to turn it over to Grant for any additional comments.
Grant Chum: Yes. Thanks, Patrick. I think, Joe, it's more that last quarter, I think, we mentioned that as we were preparing for the full closure of the old Pacifico Casino. We did deploy some tactical measures to manage the transition of customers to the other properties. And we did that very carefully during second quarter. But for the third quarter, we're really back to our core strategy, which is we compete on the basis of our products and the content that we bring despite the fact that, obviously, third quarter, our disruption actually increased, like Patrick referenced, with many more rooms out of inventory. But we stick to our core strategy and we had a very strong quarter in how we managed customer reinvestments and still maintain market share relative to the second quarter despite rising disruption during the quarter. And despite the fact that the base mass did not recover as strongly as the summer months normally would indicate. So overall, it was a very strong margin performance. And obviously, we're very pleased that we managed to actually grow EBITDA sequentially despite the fact that the market GGR is down marginally against second quarter.
Joe Greff: Thank you. And my follow-up question related to Macao, obviously, Golden Week was pretty strong October, for the most part, has been better than expected. Can you talk about what you think the drivers of that better-than-expected performance? I'm assuming it's probably better-than-expected for you guys as well. But how much of that is driven by the increases in equity prices locally? How much of that is seasonally strong events like Golden Week or New Year's typically see a step change is a little bit stronger than maybe typical seasonality? Any kind of comments about how the typical Macao consumer is behaving since the quarter ended, given all these generally more encouraging than not trends thus far in October? Thank you.
Patrick Dumont: Yes, Joe, I think we're not going to talk too much about the current quarter just because we have a policy of not doing that. But I think directionally, we're very pleased about the quality of people we have coming into our buildings, both in Macao and in Singapore. And I think that there's some real opportunities going forward as our new product comes online, and people continue to spend their buildings. And I think even with the disruption that you're seeing, you're finding that the consumer, high-frequent, high-value tourists is coming to our properties and recognizing that there's a great experience to be had there. Entertainment definitely plays a big part of that. Entertainment has been super important for us in both markets. And we continue to look to schedule entertainment and take advantage of entertainment as it occurs in the market, even if it's not scheduled by us.
Joe Greff: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Stephen Grambling with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Stephen Grambling: Hey, thank you. Maybe turning to Marina Bay Sands. It's been hovering from an EBITDA standpoint around $450 million to $500 million for the past couple of quarters. Can you just remind us of the cadence of disruption, some of the work going on to add suites and how that might subside and then build into next year?
Patrick Dumont: Sure. So just to give you a sense, during the quarter, we had about 1,600 rooms available versus about 2,800 rooms available last year. So there's pretty substantial disruption going on just from a room count standpoint. We also have some casino floor work going on, which is disruptive. We did just open up some additional salon capacity there. So I think by the end of September, we should have about 27 newly renovated salons. So there's just -- there's a lot of stuff happening. I think we did Tower 1, Tower 2. We did what we call our paiza area. We just introduced Sky Gaming, which is something that we've ever had before, which was actually granted us as part of the development agreement for IR2. We've redone some dining and updated some retail. I think the biggest disruption is really Tower 3 that's ongoing. And hopefully, by the end of the quarter, we'll add another 150 rooms. We'll see how that goes. But our biggest disruption right now is we have a, one of our casino floor areas is kind of mid-flight. And so that's disrupting a little bit the casino operation. But I would say that by middle of next year, hopefully, we're going to stop talking about disruption. I think my dream not talking about disruption at this point.
Robert Goldstein: Yeah, I think by the country's point, by May of '25, both Londoner and Singapore pretty much are clear sailing. We're going to stop telling you that all the rooms are innovating, all disruption, all difficulties. It all comes to a head, and no more excuses. We'll start seeing I think some stellar results that will reflect the end of disruption in the beginning of making more money both in Singapore and Macao. I think Singapore is it's gone through a lot. It's amazing how it's done in spite of this, but Londoner having returned from that place. I can't wait to see a finished employee open, but the casino floor is very, very exciting work done.
Patrick Dumont: I would like to just point out, if you look at our earnings deck, you can see some of the results for renovation on Page 40, Page 41. You can kind of see the quality of work there. I'd like to give a big shout out to our design team. We don't really produce anything like this in our company's history. Our customers are taking notice. You can see that by the high-quality customers we have coming in, the ADR that we have, the demand we have, the reviews we have for these rooms, the customer feedback very proud of what we've done in Marina Bay Sands. And if this is what we're able to do with this level of disruption, we're very excited about the future and the trajectory of the business. It's really amazing how strong the market is, how quality of tourists is coming into Singapore and the fact that they are really interested in coming to Marina Bay Sands. And so I think the investment has been very positive, and we're very happy about it. But unfortunately we're still talking about disruption.
Stephen Grambling: And maybe as a follow-up, just on Marina Bay Sands, realizing that you put out the number, the updated numbers in terms of capital spend on IR2. I guess, has the scope changed at all? Are there any updated thoughts on how you think about the returns on that project potentially versus other projects, realizing that you'll probably get into this both later this year and next?
Robert Goldstein: Well, obviously, the biggest change that you may be aware of is that there's a full casino amenities that's built. No longer just a hotel supporting IR1. And, so that's obviously, the biggest change is that. And I think you'll see it from the design there, it is laser focus on the premium mass segment. We believe this is a market that has grown to what $6.5 billion of GGR probably in '24. We believe we can easily get to $11 billion by quarter end. So this project reflects a lot of capital being directed at a very, very strong customer segment and a unique asset. It's a unique market that is stellar and it's unique. There's barriers to entry. There's a proven market. We'll guess who the customer is. We've been there for 14 years. So we feel very, very confident that these results are going to be terrific by we've told you before we expect IR1 to get to 2.5 billion and we believe this new building can make, in excess of $1 billion on top of that. So we're very confident that we've built the right thing in the market and its unique, location destination to our business. Like, you have a tested market, you know the competition, you know the government, you know the infrastructure, barriers to entry. So the biggest single change, obviously, is a full blown casino as opposed to just a hotel.
Stephen Grambling: Makes sense. That's it for me. Look forward to seeing it in November. See you.
Operator: Up next, we have Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. Last week, investors heard a bit about some pressure on luxury spend from the Chinese consumer. I wonder if you could talk about what you might be seeing there and how much do you think how much overlap is that with, you know, your premium mass consumer?
Robert Goldstein: Robin, let me just talk about that for a second. I think we're I think everyone should be impressed the resilience of Macao. We all know what's happening in China and the very confidence will return to a stronger place in the near future. But the fact is Macao is performing showing growth and strong growth, I think, despite the economic environment there. Hopefully, we'll see more, insight to the government's perspective on the economy in the near future. But unlike retailers, you're right, has struggled and we struggled as well with our top end retail, retail in general in Asia, there's no disputing until the LVMH numbers, [indiscernible] numbers, caring numbers. But it has not been a similar path for gaming in Macao. Macao is showing growth, double-digit growth in the quarter. It's very -- it's very exciting if this continues. I think it will. I think we'll exceed $30 billion plus next year. We're waiting for the day when the base mass determines. And so our current assets speak very well to the, I mean, the Londoner completion and the Venetian will be talking to each other. I think, creates two most impressive assets in the market by far making billions of dollars in the future for us. But the real kicker comes when the basement does return because, as you know, our assets are built for scale and built for, you know, huge throughput. So but even when that happens, the world turns very, very sunny for us. But in the interim, unlike retail, unlike other consumer spending, businesses, Macao is proving very resilient and very powerful, and we're grateful for it. And you saw the numbers coming out of the market numbers for October, looked awfully good for the industry where we saw the first weeks of October. So it's a very positive story relative to other businesses operating in China.
Robin Farley: Great. That's really helpful. Thank you. And maybe just one quick follow-up is, with some of the stimulus that was announced a few weeks ago, did that change your expectation for timing of recovery in the base mass? Or in other words, where should investors maybe look to see that show up if you, in fact, if you think, you know, it will show up? Thanks.
Robert Goldstein: I think it's I was in Beijing two weeks ago. I think it, first of all, it was very well received by everyone to see the government stepping in. It is wonderful and hopefully continues. But I think it's too early to predict where and when and how and how quickly. Again, I think it was great to see is that before the stimulus, Macao continues to show strong growth. And with our product offering, they will participate in that. When this thing shows up, how it impacts the customer, we hope it would be sooner or later. It will be all segments, but I think time will tell. We have I don't think we have any insights. Grant or Wilfred, do you feel differently about that?
Grant Chum: Yes. Rob, I think the main point here, which you referenced just now is that Macao GGR remains very resilient before any of these stimulus measures have the chance to take impact. And I think that's very clear in the premium segments. And I think any economic tailwind we get as a market from the stimulus measures over time, obviously, will help the other segments, in particular, I think, base mass and retail, which are two very important segments for us. So overall, we should acknowledge this Macao GGR, Macao Gaming is a very big out performer in the whole consumer universe in the region right now. And that's powered by the premium segment, where we are extremely well placed with the great products that we bring online. But of course, as the economy gets better, as some of these measures have positive impact over time, we obviously expect the other segments, which are also important to us, will follow through and give us a further boost to what these assets can actually deliver into 2025 and beyond.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you very much. Okay.
Grant Chum: I'll add a couple of points. The first thing is that the economic stimulus measures introduced by China are still unfolding, but the directional development is welcoming. We have confidence in the Chinese Mainland's economic future and we'll continue to invest in Macao's future. The second point is that in 2024, Macao has been rated by the Chinese tourists as the most desired destination out of the Chinese market. So we see that Macao will stand to benefit once economic activities return to normal.
Robert Goldstein: Well said.
Robin Farley: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Your line is live.
Shaun Kelley: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Wanted to go back to IR2 to start. Thank you for the additional just numbers and disclosure there. Rob or whoever is right, obviously, an increase in the casino scope and capacity and what's always been a supply constrained market is pretty interesting. Any details that you can provide there in terms of how many positions or what form some of the gaming expansion may take? Or imagine if it's too early, when might we look forward to hearing some additional details like that?
Patrick Dumont: We're going to publish the final details, over the next coming months, but the idea is that it has, casino gaming in the podium and Sky Gaming in the tower. Look, our goal with this tower is to make it something very different. This is going to be the most important gaming and hospitality building in the world. It's going to be the best hotel in the world. That's our goal. The best service, the best experience, the best F&B. Our goal is to create something that is really extraordinary and helps address the Singapore market, which we know quite well now, has been consuming some of our highest end products, over the last 14 years. And so we're very aware of the market segments that we're addressing. And so we feel like this is a project that will be very accretive to our overall portfolio and create substantial value to us in the long-term. What I can tell you is that it's a very robust program. So it will have, great food and beverage, great other amenities. It will have a public access component. It will have a Skypark, as you can see, its own version of the Skypark. It will have MySpace. So it's going to be a very important, globally significant asset, for tourism, but it's going to be very specific to a very high end segment that we're dealing with today, and so hence the investment.
Shaun Kelley: Great. Thanks, Patrick. And then as my follow-up, if I could just turn to Macao, obviously, it was encouraging to see a bit of the market wide recovery in visitation. And I was just wondering if somebody could provide a little bit more color on how sort of visitation played out through the quarter. I think as we look back, second quarter things were light and kind of little soft relative to kind of where we sit in 2019. Clearly, sequentially that improves. So just what was behavior like as things improved? And what were you seeing from sort of the customer patterns on the visitation front? Thank you.
Robert Goldstein: Grant, do you want to take that?
Grant Chum: No, I'll take that. Yes, thanks for the question, Shaun. Yes, as you rightly pointed out, visitation improved in terms of the recovery rate in third quarter as relative to second quarter. So we're up to about 93% recovery versus 2019 third quarter. And actually, August, the visitations exceeded 2019 levels. This quarter, it was primarily especially when you look at it on year-on-year basis, primarily driven by day trip visitor increase. And probably as a result of that, but probably I think as a general macro conditions didn't translate as much as you would have expected into the actual spending, especially in the base mass and the retail. So what we saw in the third quarter is actually continuation of the strength in the premium segments. We had better visitations, yes, but that didn't necessarily translate into the base mass business or help the retail business to any great extent. But it's encouraging to see the interest and desirability of consumers to come to Macao. Clearly, the Sheraton keys being 2,400 fewer rooms available versus the prior summer didn't help us, but also frankly didn't help the market as a whole because that's a very large amount of inventory to be out of the market. So overnight, as it is, that obviously hampered that segment. And overnight, visitors typically spend multiple times what day trippers spend. But like I think Wilfred mentioned, Macao remains very desirable as a tourist destination for the region. And I think it's encouraging to see that come through just in the volume of visitations for the quarter.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you, everyone.
Robert Goldstein: Thank you, Shaun.
Patrick Dumont: Thanks, Shaun.
Operator: The next question comes from Carlos Santarelli with Deutsche. Please proceed.
Carlos Santarelli: Hey, guys. Basically, just one question, but maybe two parts to it. I don't know if Grant wants to take this, but just thinking about the cadence of rooms coming back online in Macao relative from where we are today, what the total room count will be acknowledging some regular rooms got compressed to suites come Golden Week of next year. And then kind of bucketing the rooms out of service and thinking about the impact they've had on a good slide that you guys have in your deck that kind of shows EBITDA share in 2019 of about 34% and that trending at roughly 30% kind of this year. How much of that 400 basis point delta do you think returns with the rooms coming back online?
Grant Chum: Should I take it?
Robert Goldstein: Yes, please.
Grant Chum: Yes. I think on the construction and the delivery of the new rooms, I mean, first of all, I think the team has done a fantastic job in delivering the assets back the way they have by the end of September, where we opened a new casino, Londoner Grand Casino as well as the get licensed for 300 the first 300 suites in Londoner Grand. I think it's important to understand that in the fourth quarter, we actually go down further in the total number of keys available during the quarter versus third quarter because we will be losing the rest of the Sheraton rooms and we will be staying in terms of licensed new suites at this 300 number for pretty much the whole quarter. So we'll actually reduce further in terms of key count by about 600 to 700 rooms in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter. So it's really only until January that we start to get a significant uplift in the critical mass of new suites and we hope to be above 1,000 new suites by January or at least by Chinese New Year in January. And then it just ramps up from there until May or middle of the second quarter to the full inventory of 2,400 keys. And by then, we'll be back up to over 10,600 keys or just on the 11,000 thereabouts by the second quarter. Obviously, the room inventory being out by so much does impact our EBITDA and EBITDA share. And to your question on the prospect for the EBITDA share recovery, I think, we're very confident that Londoner Grand and the whole Londoner Macao will deliver as we roll out the what is really, I think, top product at unprecedented scale. This Londoner Macao will be 4,400 suite hotel with about over 60% of the keys being suites. There's really no building like it in our industry in terms of that scale of quality and the offerings it has between the F&B, the arena inside of the actual building. So we're very positive about how this will help to drive our EBITDA and ultimately our share of EBITDA as it ramps up and 2025 unfolds and hopefully with some of these tailwinds that we just referenced earlier in the call. So, yes, we are very excited about how this asset will deliver for us. And to Rob's point, between Venetian and Londoner Macao, I think you've got two amazing assets that's really going to deliver for us, but also deliver for our customers.
Carlos Santarelli: I appreciate that. Thank you.
Grant Chum: Thanks, Carlos.
Operator: The next question comes from Brandt Montour with Barclays. Please proceed.
Brandt Montour: Hey, good evening, afternoon everybody. So first question in Singapore, the ADR reported RevPAR, but ADR specifically of $900 was staggering. I'm just curious, I know there was a lot of rooms out, with sort of the trough. It seems like in terms of rooms out of service, when we look at that ADR, you know, I'm trying to figure out, was it is there compression happening in that ADR because there are rooms out or is that number sort of, illustrative of the quality and the sort of higher level product that, you know, that you're coming out with, for that asset?
Patrick Dumont: The answer is yes. So, the first thing is you can see the pictures. Hopefully, you have a chance to actually see the rooms in person. The rooms are extraordinary. The design is fantastic. The service levels are incredible and we get that feedback from our customers. And so the ADR is a direct result of the market's view of the quality of the rooms after the renovation. And, hopefully, the entire building will be like that by the middle of next year. We're very proud about it. We've made a lot of strides. We've done a lot of work. The team there has been phenomenal. It's been our goal to make that the number one hotel, in Asia and the world. And so we've been working towards that. Been doing a lot of benchmarking work and trying to figure out how to get there, which is unusual for a property of this size. I think actually one of the things that will help grow that ADR further is when IR2 is open and we have an arena. That arena is going to be an incredibly powerful tourism driver for the overall complex. Having a 15,000 seat live performance venue with great technology, great viewing lines and a great experience is going to be very unique things. And so the ability to schedule that asset, to program it, will drive a lot of visitation, not only to Singapore, but to Marina Bay Sands and will help us drive ADR further. So we feel very strongly that this ADR is a reflection of some compression. Very fair. We took rooms out of our keys out of the building. But more importantly, it's really, something that points to the quality and the service levels of this, newly renovated building. And we think it will grow over time as more amenities are put in around it.
Robert Goldstein: I think, to be fair to us, I don't think compression is that big a deal. In every market, there is extraordinary product people have said, gamers and non-gamers. This is that product. What's happening in Marina Bay Sands isn't just a compression. Sure, a few more or less rooms help you, but I believe demand is going to continue to soar once they experience the product. There's just nothing like it anywhere in terms of the room quality, the food and beverage product, any and all this hotel, the architecture, the public spaces. It's the place people want to stay. We have to get 2,000, 3,000, 5,000 keys, you can sell them all easily at price that will continue to grow. I think it's really a testament to the quality of product and the strong leisure demand and gamer demand in the market. And it's just going to get better and better because Singapore is that desirable. Infrastructure, government, accessibility, it's a very special place. So we built a building that's going to be, for many years ahead, the most desirable place for everyone to stay at. So rates should again, just go up and up. And gaming capacity will, you know, obviously grow more gaming demand, but it's a very different place than anything else in Singapore.
Brandt Montour: Okay. Thank you for that. That's helpful. And then a question on Macao, on the arena. You know, we don't talk about the arena as much as we hear about the casino floor and the Londoner suites. And I wanted to hear, you know, your level of excitement about that, arena renovation. And specifically, you know, when we think about '25, is there a calendar associated with that where we would expect periods where you can look out now and say, okay. Well, this quarter this quarter has, you know, a great slate of events and where it will be a needle mover or if there's a lag associated with sort of getting it, you know, up to the place that you'd want it to be?
Patrick Dumont: So the great thing about entertainment in Macao is that it's a very important part of our premium mass business. And we use it and we have used it successfully to drive premium mass visitation. And we have programs that help sort of leverage that asset. It's been very successful for us all over Asia in terms of scheduling live entertainment. But, you know, the venue there is really an incredible one. Great visionary move by Sheldon early on to build that arena. And, you know, the updating is going to make it, more powerful. And so I think we're very excited about the types of programs that we can run using it. And there will be a schedule and it will be within our control, and it will allow us to create more visitation and better spend at the Venetian and the rest of the property portfolio. But Grant or Wilfred, I don't know if you have any additional comments you'd like to add?
Grant Chum: Yes, I think, we have referenced it in the deck, but we are progressing very well on the construction, the upgrade for the Venetian arena. And it will relaunch actually towards the end of November into December. And we already have the first events lined up in terms of entertainment, but also sports. So that would get start getting some traction actually even at the end of this year. But we also should note like Patrick referenced on the entertainment offer in general, with the Londoner arena, with the 6,000 seat Londoner arena, we have been programming very actively even during the downtime of the Venetian arena or especially, I should say. And we did around 17 shows in the Londoner arena during third quarter and many of these shows actually did help us in driving the traffic and the spend. So we're very excited to have the Venetian Arena fully upgraded. I think it's going to be great for entertainment, sports, MICE, events. So it's really serving multiple segments and boosting the diversification drive in Macao. I think with the great setup there with the VIP boxes, with the backstage, the locker rooms and obviously the state-of-the-art technology, I think is going to be basically like a new arena launching. So we are very excited about that. But another point to know is we will be programming both arenas and sometimes there will be shows concurrently in both venues on both sides of the Strip. So we're excited to see how that could help our business too. So, yes, you will continuously see us showcasing new events in the calendar. There's already three events selling tickets now towards the end of the quarter and we are looking forward to do some announcements on some more major events before the end of the year as well.
Brandt Montour: Great. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: The next question comes from Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Daniel Politzer: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. First question on Singapore on IR2. Can you talk us a bit about the regulatory landscape and outlook? Remind us maybe in terms of when the licensing goes through as it currently stands? And I assume you expect this to remain a duopoly market or maybe even better, but is there any expectation for how you think about gaming tax rates as you underwrite the returns on this building?
Patrick Dumont: Yeah. So I think for us, the way we model this is that we have a, we basically have a moratorium on the changes in gaming tax, until the early 2030s. And I think for us, I think, you know, we view this investment as a very long-term thing and we'd like to believe that we'll continue to add value to Singapore and that we'll continue to be a good partner to the government and accomplish the goals in tourism that are necessary. So I think from that standpoint, we feel like it's a very stable operating environment. It's a wonderful place to deploy capital. It has been a wonderful place to deploy capital. We feel, as Rob referenced earlier, that there's a stability there and, you know, a very strong trajectory forward for us. So I think as we look at underwriting this, it's a very long dated investment, right? It doesn't open for six years, hopefully sooner, but we'll see. And that's obviously pending government approval, along with, you know, the final pros that we need to begin by the summer of next year. But we think about this as a very long-term thing, and we feel very excited about what we can build there. The gaming is a nice add, but there's also a lot of things that are going to drive tourism that would be very beneficial to us as well, like the arena, like the hospitality, like the food and beverage to enhance the overall appeal of the entire complex. So I think for us, look at this in a very long term way, we feel like there's very high barriers to entry there. I think right now, it seems like the feeling is that we're, it's a duopoly market for the foreseeable future, and we certainly hope it stays that way. But from our standpoint, we look forward to the opportunity to invest in scale, and that's what we're doing.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. And then just turning to Macao, the promotions obviously came down quarter-over-quarter. I mean, as we think about getting back to those mid to high 30% type margins in Macao, is this really a function of recapturing shares, seeing more of the visitation come back or at least kind of gaming oriented visitation? Or is this really kind of you need the market to grow to get back to those levels?
Patrick Dumont: Well, I think the first thing is, for us to get to high, you know, to get to the high 30s, low 40s margin, we need revenue growth, and we need all the segments to return. You know, right now, some of our segments have not returned, particularly the base mass segment, to where they were pre-pandemic, and we are built for that. Our investment is one for scale. We have the ability to service the premium mass segment very well. The Londoner is an incredible product. The rest of our portfolio has incredible products as well. But if you look at the scale and the amenities that we have, everything from food and beverage to the bus terminals to the grand entryways to the theming, we're very much able to accommodate leisure tourists. And so for us, you know, that missing visitation, if you will, from 2019 and also, you know, the lack of the base mass play is impactful to us. So the way, the way we would get to the higher margins is through revenue growth. That being said, I have to hand it to the team there. They've been wonderful in terms of cost discipline and being disciplined in the way that they spend money to ensure that we maintain our margins up against the current revenue that we have. But I think as we look forward, our investments will ultimately drive, higher value visitation, in the long run. And we firmly believe that. We see that historically and we've experienced it in other markets and in this market, particularly when we do high value renovations. So I think for us, you know, as visitation continues to improve, hopefully, as the base mass market continues to improve and as we continue to get our premium mass segment assets back online, you'll start to see a normalization of revenue and then a normalization of margins. Grant, do you have any additional comments?
Grant Chum: I think you covered it hopefully. Thanks.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. Thanks so much.
Daniel Briggs: Thanks, Dan. Operator, do we have any additional questions?
Operator: Yes. The next question is from Chad Beynon with Macquarie. Please proceed.
Chad Beynon: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. You've been asked a lot about Macao, but I'm going to add one more to the stack here. So, obviously you and the other concessionaires went through the whole retendering process two years ago and we've gone through the checklist of items including your industry leading employment and other items. But with the new Chief Executive coming into his position in Macao, and I believe a month or so, is there anything that we should expect in terms of market focus, concessionaire focus or is it kind of business as usual as they transition through that? Thanks.
Robert Goldstein: Let me say we're always very focused on making sure we're doing our job with the government and adhering to the things we were asked to do. I don't believe that new Chief Executive will change that, but we will stay focused and listen very carefully to make sure doing our part. We always do that historically in Macao. And we've always been, I think, a leading company as far as investing in Macao and hearing Macao's principle. But I don't expect to see radical change at all. I think it's going to be business as usual for the most part. Wilfred, do you have an opinion on that?
Wilfred Wong: Yes. I think the concession commitment maps out a long term development focus. So all six of us have thought very carefully and comprehensively what we want to do under the guidance of the Macao SAR Government. And I think the change of at the top will not have material changes to the directional change, because what has been emphasized so far is that Macao really aims to diversify. We should invest in non-gaming. I think these directions will remain. We just feel that as Rob pointed out that as long as we conduct our business as usual and listen very carefully to what the government has to say depending on what happens in the next few years, we should be able to continue to operate favorably in Macao.
Chad Beynon: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you for that. And then separately one of your global competitors was recently granted a license in the Middle East. They presented some pretty favorable investment returns to investors in the past couple of weeks. They also mentioned that they expect competition in that region from others. So is this a region that you continue to study or are there reasons why this would be a pencils down, investment opportunity as you think about it? Thanks.
Patrick Dumont: I think we're always looking at new investment opportunities, for Las Vegas Sands. I think it's a market that we'll continue to study and look at and we'll see how it goes.
Chad Beynon: Okay. Thanks, Patrick.
Operator: The next question comes from Vitaly Umansky with Seaport. Please proceed.
Vitaly Umansky: Hey, guys. How's it going? Look I think I have two questions. First one for Patrick. When we look at Sands China and kind of cash flows coming in, how are you guys thinking about distribution of that cash going forward? Obviously, there this future CapEx requirements under the retendering process. There's other expenditures that need to take place, but there's also an intercompany note that's still outstanding between LVS and Sands China. There's also I think investors looking at Sands China and thinking about can China can Sands China get back to being a higher dividend paying stock, the way it used to be in the past. So maybe for Sands China, how are you thinking about capital outflows? And then I think for LVS as a whole, with the announcement and kind of the CapEx layout now for Marina Bay Sands, how are you thinking about number one financing for MBS Phase 2? And also what does that mean for return of capital to investors of LVS? And then maybe the second question is around --
Daniel Briggs: Wait, that was one question.
Vitaly Umansky: Sorry, sorry, guys.
Daniel Briggs: Keep going.
Patrick Dumont: Keep going, Vital. You're good. Keep going.
Vitaly Umansky: Yeah, just a question around New York. What your current thinking and thought process is around the New York licensing process.
Patrick Dumont: So, really appreciate the questions. A couple of thoughts. So first off, in terms of SCL, you know, I think SCL is performing incredibly well given the disruptions there and I think we'd like to believe that EBITDA will grow meaningfully over time, you know, as will our cash flow. And so, you know, in years past, part of the pandemic, SCL was very shareholder friendly in terms of dividends. And, as you can see that LVS is actually buying SCL stock, as we can in the market because we have a lot of conviction about the value of SCL equity as well as LVS equity as you can see by the buybacks at the LVS level as well. And I think as we think about SCL, we're very hopeful that it will be a dividend payer in the upcoming year. We think that that's a possibility and we'd like to believe that it's going to occur. But again, that's up to the board there. And I think the, in terms of the note, I'd like to believe that's also something that could be repaid to the parent level at some point and provide some additional, capital allocation flexibility for the parent co. And we'll see how that goes and be able to hopefully maybe buy some stock with it, if that's possible. So we'll see. But I think in the long term, we'd like to believe that SCL becomes a dividend payer again. We think that makes sense for the shareholders there. At the LVS level, we'd like to own more of it and you'll probably see us do a little bit more of that. But in the long run, we think there's going to be a very high quality return to capital program coming out of SCL assuming the trajectory of the business, given the investment we've made and our belief long-term in the market. I think at the LVS level, there's a couple of things that you've raised there. I think first and foremost, I think when we think about capital allocation, we think about growth. You know, our highest and best use of capital is new ground up development. So you see us doing that, both in Macao as part of some of our concessional renewal work as well as in Singapore along with this IR2 development that has just a panoply of great amenities, including which is going to be, what we believe, the best hotel in the world and an unbelievable arena. So, you know, we think these are great investments that will create a lot of growth and growth and cash flow for our company. So that leads to your next question, which is how do we finance this? And our goal is actually to follow what we've always said, which is, raise some cost efficient debt capital. It's one of the reasons why we like being investment grade name. It makes our cost of financing efficient for new growth developments and we'll look to do that. And, you know, if you think about the proportion of debt to equity, I think it's pretty consistent what we've talked about. You know, let's call it in the, you know, 35% context of equity, and the rest will be financed, given the debt capacity that we have at the MBS balance sheet. And the great news is that we've run a little leverage of level, full leverage level there with the anticipation of funding an IR2 development. And so now that's coming to be. So we're prepared for it and we look forward to the opportunity to work with our lenders to create that financing facility, to allow for it to be built. So I think as we move forward, you'll see, a delayed draw term loan at the MBS level to fund the construction with equity checks going in as well over time. Over the construction schedule, we actually have construction schedule will be provided. Again, it's kind of illustrative. It's something that is a rough estimate today, but designed to give people a sense of timing of cash flows. And that's actually on Page 46 of the deck if you want to get a sense of kind of what we're thinking. It may not exactly be this, but this is context, you know, from what we can understand and see today. And so our goal is to, in effect, create the flexibility to continue to invest in high growth opportunities, continue to pay a dividend and continue to repurchase shares at both levels. And, hopefully, we'll be able to do that, but that's our plan. And then I'll turn over to Rob for New York.
Robert Goldstein: What was it, I'm sorry, it's a long, the question was on New York that was the issue itself?
Vitaly Umansky: Yeah, Rob, just kind of what the --
Robert Goldstein: Yeah, New York, just refresh my memory.
Vitaly Umansky: The capital allocation.
Robert Goldstein: Was the question on New York in what regard? I didn't hear the whole question. Are you there?
Vitaly Umansky: Rob, it's just about what the current, yes, from your end in terms of what the New York process is and where do you expect it to go from here because there's been delays.
Robert Goldstein: Yeah, yeah. Okay. Got it. Yeah, so the thinking right now is that the license will be submitted sometime in I mean applications for licensure sometime in the spring of '25 with a decision. This morning, I was told probably the first quarter of '26, but they have to make a decision. We remain interested in the process. One fine, I've always been the biggest advocate for New York and other jurisdictions. The only concern I have these days is the ongoing strength of online gambling, which you can't ignore what's happening in New Jersey and Pennsylvania and Michigan. And I think it's for the markets. But, you know, we build capital intense business buildings that require long-term perspective. And I must admit that there's got to be some kind of way of thinking about how the online impact would be, not where you are in the US. It's just a concern and it's something I've been looking at closely. I'd love to be in New York with the right capital structure and the right licensure process. But that's the newest wrinkle, as far as the process, New York itself has really changed. They're still talking late '25, early '26 for decision. I just my personal thinking has been influenced somewhat by the last six months as I see the growth of online gambling. So there's some to think about as we move forward in any market where online gambling is possible. You know, I think sometime in next year or two, you're going to see online exceed land based revenues in New Jersey, which is pretty exceptional.
Vitaly Umansky: Rob, sorry, does that mean if New York, for instance, were to legalize online gaming that you would have to reevaluate what your proposal would be for New York?
Robert Goldstein: It goes beyond that. My concern is we don't know what, you know, our buildings take a long time as you see that Singapore they take years to finish. I need some understanding of how the market any market thinks that online gambling anywhere you go. If you're going to spend, time, if Singapore legalize online gambling, you make a stop and think about IR2. If any market does legalize it to think, what does it mean to me in my capital investment? And I think that it's New York or Michigan or Florida any place that's online, it makes you stop and scratch your head. There's going to be some resolution of the issue. I'm not saying they'll tell you definitively, but you can't ignore that possibility when you see the impact of online in New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Michigan and probably the other four states are coming online. You can't ignore the, the impact on land based revenue.
Vitaly Umansky: Yes, that makes sense. Thanks for the update.
Robert Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Okay. The next question comes from George Choi with Citigroup. George, your line is live.
George Choi: Thanks very much. So we were at the Londoner Grand a few weeks ago and noticed that the minimum bets at the baccarat tables there, were noticeably lower versus the Londoner Casino. I just wondered if that is temporary or does that signal any difference in market positioning between the two phases?
Robert Goldstein: I think it signals you more rooms above that. I was there, I guess, 10 days ago or so. I think what you're going to see, George, over time is the Londoner like Venetian will become the most dominant players in the market. No questions asked about it. No change in marketing. Just need to complete the product, get the rooms done on top. There's a lot of people in the building, but you need to get the right premium mass customer to achieve the minimum bets you want to achieve. I stand by we've done this now for -- we show Londoner, I think, five, six, seven years that began with Sheldon, the Londoner process. It finally completes in the spring of '25. I remain completely steadfast to my belief that it's going to dominate that in Londoner and the Venetian will dominate the market. I have no concern whatsoever. And the minimum bets when you count them, you'd be very happy with them as getting rooms above the building above the casino. In any building in the world that is gambling, there's always a complete I mean having the rooms connected to the casino, having easy access is always an essential element of success. So Londoner while it's open, it's not going to achieve the same goals as Venetian or the Londoner one to have the rooms open.
George Choi: That's very good color. And as a follow-up, when the Londoner is fully open next year, how should we think about the EBITDA trajectory going forward at the neighboring properties, the Parisian Macao?
Robert Goldstein: There was a question how it affects other businesses?
George Choi: Yeah. That's right.
Robert Goldstein: Yeah, from my perspective and the team, and Grant may have a different take on. I've always said that I think Londoner and Venetian will be the one or two players or two and one players, each making $1 billion. My goal is $1 billion plus for each of those buildings and the rest of the portfolio will be, you know, another $1 billion plus. That's my goal for our company long term over the next few years. And but again as Patrick referenced and Grant and everybody in this call, we need to see return to more base mass gaming. You saw the differential between visitation and gaming. In the past, visitation was a complete predictor of gaming revenue. That broke rank [indiscernible]. We're seeing lots of visitation, but not the gaming to a company. And that's a negative. I mean, there's no hiding from the fact that it disappoints yet a bigger base mass tail. I have full faith that China will figure out its economy. It's too important to the world not to. And as China recovers and base mass recovers, that our company, SCL, LVS will be the biggest recipient of revenue, margin and growth in Macao. It's going to happen for sure. And as Sheldon used to say, day follows night, night follows day. China will get back to a better place. It will recover. The accountants will recover. Macao will continue to grow in the 30s and beyond. And someday, we'll get back to $3 billion plus EBITDA. And those two buildings will stand very, very tall. Does it negatively impact the Four Seasons? Not really. It's a stellar small product. The Parisian as well. I think we have a lot of confidence that in the aggregate, that portfolio is unique and they all speak to each other. We have the ability to market within the portfolio. So again as long as we get stronger, it doesn't mean others get weaker. It just means there's more strength in the market. But I would tell you that the real upside of this company will be the day when, yes, we'll do very well premium mass, but when that base mass recovers, that tail will drive us to a whole new level of opportunity. And that day is coming.
George Choi: That's very clear. Thank you very much.
Robert Goldstein: Thank you. Enjoy your reports, George. The next question comes from David Katz with Jefferies. Please proceed.
David Katz: Hi. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to go back to Golden Week for a moment if I may. You know, I would say that, you know, we, the street collectively had a set of expectations going into Golden Week. And, you know, the result turned out to be, you know, quite a bit stronger than that. And for better or worse to where we get our information, how those expectations are set. I'm curious where yours were and, you know, whether Golden Week turned out to be materially better than, you know, what you were looking for and exactly what the drivers of that were please.
Robert Goldstein: So as typical, you know, we'll talk about this in 92 days. We don't talk about current quarter, on the earnings call, but appreciate the question.
David Katz: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-24 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Sands Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations at Sands. Sir, the floor is yours.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you, Matthew. Joining the call today are Rob Goldstein, Patrick Dumont, Dr. Wolford Wong and Grant Chum. Today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements. We'll be making these statements under the safe harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results may materially from the results reflected in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we will discuss non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measure are included in our press release. We've also posted an earnings presentation on our website. We will refer to that presentation during the call. Timing for the Q&A, we ask those of interest to please pose one question and one follow-up, so we might allow everyone within the opportunity to participate. The presentation is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Rob.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks, Dan, and thanks for joining us today. Macau market continues to grow. Total gain revenues for the market grew 24% in the second quarter of 2024 when compared to the second quarter of 2023. In addition, mass play revenue grew 29% compared to 1 year ago. We remain confident in the future growth in Macao market. I believe Macao market gross gain revenue will exceed $30 billion next year and continue to grow year after year. Our business strategy is predicated or investing in high-quality assets and also have scale. Macau is and always has a deeper competitive market. Our strategic approach has enabled us to compete very effectively. We have designed our capital investment programs to ensure that we will continue to be the market leader years ahead. Our approach allows us to grow fast from the long term and large share EBITDA and generate industry-leading returns on invested capital. Turning to our results in Macau, we delivered solid EBITDA for the quarter despite material disruption at [indiscernible]. SCL continues to lead the market in gaming and non-gaming revenue and a market share of EBITDA. We will continue -- we will capture high-value, high-margin tourism over the long term. We have a unique competitive position in terms of scale, quality and diversity of product of offerings. Upon completion of the second phase of the [indiscernible] and our Cotai Arena, our product advantage will be more pronounced than ever. Another strong quarter in Singapore despite ongoing disruption from construction. The financial results of [indiscernible] stands reflect the positive impact of our capital investment program and the growth of high-value tours. Enrolling FPL Singapore as a destination is enhanced by the robust entertainment and lifestyle event calendars. As we complete the balance of our investment programs, there will be considerable runway for growth. Thanks for joining our call. I'll turn it over to Patrick down, and then we'll go to Q&A. Patrick?
Patrick Dumont: Thanks, Rob. Macao EBITDA was $561 million. We had held as expected in our rolling program, our EBITDA would have been higher by $4 million. When adjusted for lower-than-expected hold in the rolling segment, our EBITDA margin for the Macau portfolio of properties would have been 32.1% or down 80 basis points when compared to the second quarter of 2023. Context here is important. Our margins at London were directly impacted by the disruption of the London grand renovation. We closed the casino at 1,500 keys out during the quarter. Margin at The Venetian was 38.2%, and we expect margin improvement as The Venetian Cotai Arena comes back online later this year and as visitation to the market and growth in unrated play in the market both increased in the future. Margin at The Plaza and Four Seasons was 40%. We are now deep into our land grand renovation program. We plan the completion of the first tower by year-end 2024 and of the second tower by May of 2025. The [ Londoner Grand ] Casino has been closed since May and is scheduled to reopen in December. As these products come online, between the end of 2024 and the first half of 2025, our competitive position will be stronger than ever. We expect meaningful EBITDA growth and margin expansion in the future. Now turning to Singapore. MBS' EBITDA came in at $512 million. Our strong results reflect the impact of high-quality investments in market-leading products and growth in high value tourism. Had we held as expected at our roll-in Play segment, EBITDA would have been $64 million lower. Had we held as expected in our rolling play segment, MBS margin would have been 48% or 220 basis points higher than the second quarter of 2023. While we have substantially completed the original $1 billion refurbishment program at MBS, we are still in the initial stages of realizing the benefits of these new products. Tower gaming at Marina Bay Sands will be offered for the first time at the property in the third quarter of 2024. The next phase of our capital investment program at Radio-based Sands is scheduled to be completed during the second quarter of '25. This will further support growth in 2025 and beyond. Turning to our program to return capital to state to shareholders. We repurchased $400 million of LVS stock during the quarter. We also paid our recurring quarterly dividend. We look forward to continuing to utilize the company's capital return program to increase returns to shareholders in the future. Thanks again for joining the call today. Now let's take some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Joe Greff from JPMorgan.
Joe Greff: I'd like to start off on Singapore, if we could. I was hoping, can you give us a sense of maybe how players and visitors geographically, how they are performing? I guess more specifically, are you seeing any kind of slowdown from Mainland Chinese visitation or mainland Chinese spend into MBS? And was there any more material trend change towards the end of the 2Q versus maybe what you've seen over the last couple of quarters as that's been sort of a growing segment?
Robert Goldstein: Joe, as you know, in the past calls, we have a diverse customer base in Singapore. We got them all on the region and certainly China is part of that, but we're all over the place, Vietnam, Japan, Korea, Indonesia, ,Malaysia. So I don't think we saw much different than the past year, except where obviously, your seasonality is in play in Q2. But our business, looking forward, the only thing I would say late is impacted is we keep self-inflicting loans by facing our building. And it's near the end, finally as it feels like a long time. But despite seasonality despite the difficulties of construction, Tower 3, Tower gaming, we continue to move forward towards $500-plus million quarters and diversity of business tours is very clear to be really the -- where they're coming from. They're coming [indiscernible]. We've not seen a slowdown in China. We just simply see the same as we see in the last couple of quarters, which is solid. There's also [indiscernible] more of the region. So Singapore moving forward, I think you'll see a real important transition probably in the early part of Q2 when the building is really full bore, complete and tower gaming is intact, all the suites are intact. We're really playing the game with one hand behind our back out now, still delivering $2-plus billion run rate. So we feel very good about our prospects to single. Probably the most -- not probably, is the most the largest or the EBITDA building [indiscernible] gaming. So -- and it continues to get stronger. We think it's -- we said before, we think that our goal is $2.5 billion out of Singapore. I think you'll see it happen in the oncoming years.
Joe Greff: Great. And then people have not really asked me a question about Macau -- is Macao self-sufficient or speaks for itself. But Rob, Patrick, maybe you can give us an update on any development opportunities, specifically Thailand, and I'm not sure there's much to add to what's going on in New York.
Patrick Dumont: So first off, I think the great news is we're very ready to develop new ground of developments in new jurisdictions. We're very excited about it. Rob, the team, I spend a lot of time looking at opportunities for our company to expand and grow new jurisdictions. As you know, we're spending a lot of time in New York. We've been spending a lot of time in Texas. We've been looking at Thailand. I think Thailand is a very interesting opportunity. The market there is very strong for different types of tourism. And I think depending on the way it's set up and the opportunity that's there in terms of structure, it could be very interesting for us. We love the market as a place to source customers. We think the tourism, our quality here is quite high. If you go and visit, you'll have a great experience there, and we'd love to be part of it. So if Thailand becomes available, we'd be very interested. But I think it's early days yet. I think we've been spending time there along with the rest of our industry, looking to see if we could be hopeful to that process. And we're waiting and seeing what happens.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Stephen Grambling from Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Grambling: I appreciate the comments on the Londoner Grand renovation impacting margins in Macau. But can you get back to 2019 levels in the current environment as that comes through and ramps up? Or do we need to see some change either in growth in the market or the competitive and promotional environment to get back there?
Patrick Dumont: So a couple of things. And I think this is really important to note, the Macau market has always been super competitive from day one, it's been a very competitive market. And we've been very effective in the way that we compete because we have an investment-driven model. So if you go back pre-pandemic, if you go back in 2010, it was a very competitive market. And in fact, I remember when the premium mass segment didn't exist. And when it started, people -- Rob can reference this as well some other people in the room can as well. When there was no pre-VMF segment. It was really rolling volume and mass play. And the market has always evolved over time. But the one thing that's been consistent is that our company has driven success through investment and through leading and nongaming amenities. And to be fair, innovating on the gaming side as well. And so when you look at our performance, if you go to Page 14 of the slide deck, you can kind of see what happened in the quarter. So The Venetian Macau did $262 million of EBITDA in the quarter at a 38.2% margin. And it's missing about half its volume of unrated play. So just with the arena out, which is also a very valuable amenity to drive premium mass performance, look at the strength of the performance of The Venetian. Same thing is true in The Plaza. Look at what the Four Seasons did. 40% margin, $100 million of EBITDA. So when we look at the Londoner, we basically took out an equivalent property like [ Melco ] or an equivalent property to win Palace. We took that capacity out of the market for ourselves to renovate it. So for us to put up $550 million in the quarter, in my mind, this is a great result because we know that we have a limiter in place. We're missing one of a significant portion of what is ultimately going to be one of the best properties in Macau, if not the best property. And if you look at the success of the Londoner right now, if you look at the win fee per day on the table side, the Londoner is the second best in our system. So in Macau -- so when you think about that, the model has been proven and the investment has been validated. Now we're going to open up the better half, hopefully, by the end of the year in major [ part ], suddenly, the limiters are going to come off. So in my mind, this is a very positive investment for us. And we'll get to the margins. We're already doing it in other properties. It's just a function of renovation because we're carrying all the costs now associated with the shuttered casino and 1,500 rooms. So the Londoner or impact is really, one half of it is working. You see the performance, you see the slot win, you see the slot performance win per unit. You see the table win performance, you look at the hotel performance and the nongaming and the performance. And then you look at the side that's shut and you realize that's the better side, but we're carrying all the cost. The potential of the future is really there. We feel very strong about the potential for the margins to reach where we need to go. And just remember, pre-pandemic we were at 35% to 36% EBITDA margin on a whole normalized basis business in aggregate. So we're -- we'd like to believe we're in a good spot. We're competing effectively. We have great assets. We're investing for the future. And when we're done, we're going to have the newest and best products in the market. So we feel very strongly about the path that we're on. It's just going to take a little bit of time to get that.
Robert Goldstein: The only structural change do we need is [indiscernible] Okay. The market is going $30-plus billion next year. We're going to have the two most important assets in the market speaking with each other. I mean that strategic, we're going to have Londoner and The Nation over 7,400 between them. The full power of Cotai Arena, all the amenities between those two. But I think those buildings will be very, very intertwined and give us, by far, $2 billion-plus assets speak each other. At Parisian and Four Seasons and Sands keep doing what they're doing, we will be a $3-plus billion and think will get $2-plus billion. I believe that sometime near future we will have the highest EBITDA creation in this company's history without Las Vegas. So I'm pretty confident that Londoner will perform and outperformed their expectations, but also enhances the [indiscernible] because the back and forth of those two buildings, they're very similar, huge retail, huge suite capacity, entertainment, retail, [indiscernible] they just -- they're much bigger and better than anything else in that market for making money. And when those come online next year, these results today another $150 million out of Londoner of a sudden, you're looking at $3-plus billion of annualized EBITDA. That's how we view the market. The margins being what they are, making EBITDA still the most important thing, and we will get there. We will get there.
Stephen Grambling: So maybe as a quick follow-up. On capital allocation, you noted being consistent with capital return. And it sounds like you're confident in a ramp from here in Macau and really growing in MBS, yet the stock is near the lows during the pandemic. So what's the tolerance to be maybe not as consistent and actually being more aggressive with capital allocation or even rethinking about the leverage profile at least in the near term?
Patrick Dumont: So I think, first off, we have said this before, we see meaningful value in both equities, where the stock is trading, does it make sense to us. Both on a historical basis and how we view the value of our company and how we look to invest and grow. So we're going to continue to repurchase stock. As you saw we did in the last couple of quarters. We feel very strongly about the value of our business, and we're going to continue to do it. Look, I think for us, we're very focused on being shareholder friendly. We were a very shareholder-friendly company in the past. We're a shareholder-friendly company today. We're going to continue to do that. That's our goal. And I think that the nice thing is that as we complete the Londoner, two things are going to happen. We're going to have less CapEx and more free cash flow. And to be fair, a more productive asset base. And so hopefully, we'll have the opportunity to use that cash flow to return it to shareholders. So we're going to look to do that and continue what we've been doing. But we agree with you think where the stock is today is not reflective of our long-term value.
Robert Goldstein: And also, if we do invest in new opportunities, that's not in the near future, so [indiscernible] that New York, Texas, Thailand is years ahead. You can find lots of room to invest money to complete the [indiscernible].
Operator: Your next question is coming from Robin Farley from UBS.
Robin Farley: Two questions. One is, can you share some thoughts on -- there's a lot of concern about tariff impact on the Chinese economy next year. Just any way to help us think about that broadly how you're thinking about? You have a lot of CapEx going being up and running in the market next year, which should certainly position you well. But just sort of thinking about broader impact there?
Robert Goldstein: You take tariff impacts on the -- so the U.S., the new president ever he or she may be, I see. I don't think we want to talk about the two reasons. What we don't know what's really going to happen nor do we know the impact. Obviously, China [indiscernible] speaks for itself. It's been a struggle this year. And I think it hopefully just gets better, we see more improvement. But the big thing in our business is the 2 million-plus visitors were lacking quarter-on-quarter. They heard us, and that was just today. I don't think we should comment on politics or what has to happen, we actually don't know. But obviously, the biggest miss for our company, which is both for scale and quality, we lose 8 million annualized business tools that pus us with everybody else. So we'll leave that they are going in the political's going to do what to do with and why.
Robin Farley: Okay. Fair enough. And then I had a question, and you already commented on your interest in continuing share repurchase. Looking at the rate that you did this quarter, you've been mostly through your remaining authorization at the end of this quarter. Is that -- when we think about like your appetite for continuing beyond that, is that -- if you could just sort of comment on that.
Patrick Dumont: Yes. I think if you look at our prior practice, you can see that we've always been focused on return on capital, both through share repurchases and dividends. And that our board has been very supportive of trying to create shareholder value through return of capital. So as our current authorization gets used up, we'll go back to the board, and we'll have a discussion about how we want to allocate capital. But the Board has been very supportive of in trying to enhance shareholder returns over time.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli: Rob, if you could. I mean, I know this is probably a difficult question, but if you think about...
Robert Goldstein: Then don't ask.
Carlo Santarelli: I hear you. The question was -- maybe it's not as difficult as I framed it to be. But when you guys think about the rooms that are out of service at Londoner and those customers and recapture in your existing portfolio, whether you're able to recapture them in Venetian [indiscernible] or elsewhere. What do you think is actually the delta in what you're missing from those rooms being offline, i.e., how much of that shortfall that's being generated there relative to historical periods elsewhere in the portfolio versus how much do you think is just exiting the system and maybe showing up to competitors?
Robert Goldstein: Right. Before I get this question, Mr. Chum, we woke up [indiscernible] this call in the middle of night in Macao, I want to also reference the fact that the disruption aside the carrying labor, we've been these buildings for when buildings are construction impacts both Londoner [indiscernible] and to want to be clear that the disruption isn't just limited to our current Londoner [indiscernible], which is a beautiful building, also feels the [indiscernible]. Grant, will you answer the question about the rooms and the delta and how you see that?
Kwan Chum: Yes. Thanks, Rob. I think, first of all, yes, the performance definitely was impacted by the Phase I renovation on the Sheraton side. But actually, despite that, we referenced the fact that we -- we obviously worked hard to shift the patronage to other properties in the portfolio. And the team was actually incredibly successful at that. We actually reached the record high in any quarter on non-rolling drop as well as a record high in any quarter on slot handle. So in terms of gaming volumes, I think we've managed to sustain the volumes overall. However, within the mix, I think what you do lose is some of that base mass, which is where Pacifica Casino was primarily positioned. And also, what you also can see in the numbers is the impact of the loss of the rooms impacting the cash hotel revenues because, obviously, when you have fewer rooms, we are yielding accordingly. And when you lose that cash revenues from the hotel side because you have reduced inventory and we need to shift the customers to other properties on the casino side that clearly impacts not just EBITDA, but it's a high flow-through segment. Business segments. So it obviously impacts the percentage margin as well.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. That's helpful. And if I could, just one quick follow-up. Sorry, go ahead, Rob.
Robert Goldstein: There's -- do you have a dollar amount on the cash wound sales loss in the quarter.
Kwan Chum: I'm sorry Rob.
Robert Goldstein: I was asking if you can give us a number, but the dollar number we lost in cash room sales for the closure of London.
Kwan Chum: It -- if you look at the actual reduction in cash revenue for -- versus Q1, then you're probably looking at the range of around $15 million, $20 million impact. Although you can't simply add that back because you've also got to consider that's a net impact of shifting more rooms into some customer segments and then having fewer rooms to sell. So it's a net impact that's probably not as high as that. But if you're looking at pure cash revenues, then that's the range of impact.
Robert Goldstein: Sorry, your second question was on?
Carlo Santarelli: Yes. The second question was just more of a technical question. And I get it, lot could go both ways, but this is the fourth quarter in a row where hold in Singapore has -- on the VIP side has been very strong. And I think when you look at the last 4 quarters, to $30 billion of volume at an almost 4.4% win percentage. It feels a little bit more structural. And I know in your add-back map, you guys are obviously dinging yourselves for a much lower hold structurally. Is there any thought of perhaps changing what that metric is as the normalized hold for that property going forward?
Robert Goldstein: It's a great question and one we still have time on. And I think what you should realize -- I think you do realize this, the world is changing in [indiscernible] paper gives a better way of quantifying what the whole percentage should be but also we put games for, I'll call it, prop bets or side bets that changed the whole percentage in baccarat. And your comment is spot on. We're debating how high we can take it. The team there feels is understated. And you're right, we keep digging ourselves quarter-to-quarter. And perhaps in the near future, we'll address that because clearly, something is happening here. But again, the smart table opportunity, which we're deep into now, coupled with the game changes, the [indiscernible] is a pretty predictable game for many years. Player bankers and tie payer is changing dramatically. We were there a few months ago and shocked to see how much money embed on the prop bets. No different than the Super Bowl. We know just about the winning team, you've got every 3,000 side bets, which drives the per way up. We believe that's in flight in Singapore. We're not ready today, but we're coming close to a decision this year for us to address that [indiscernible] issue because you're right. The team would argue something in play. It's not simply better fortune, it's just better mathematics and the best be made and the ability to assess those mathematics smart table, et cetera. Pat do you want to add to it?
Patrick Dumont: Yes, sure. It's the right question to ask. We've been following this for a while. Some of it depends on what Rob said or it depends on what Rob said, which is the additional wagers that are available on the game mix that we have on the floor at the time. But it's also -- you have to understand propensity. And so you have to observe empirically what people are going to do before you could make that decision. So you'd argue that our theoretical is higher than this. But we're going to continue to look at it, and we'll make adjustments as necessary when we think the statistics warrant it. But you're right, it is a very significant adjustment and one that we're going to continue to look at. But our game mix has changed. The availability for, as Rob calls, and prop bets, but really high-vol bets are on the floor now in a very different way than they have been previously, both pre-pandemic and even a year ago. And there -- the patron uptake is very high. And so that is adjusting the way that mix the floor is being exhibited through gaming win. And so we're going to continue to take a look at it, and we'll make adjustments when we feel that it's appropriate. But it's a very good question to ask. There's more there.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: For Grant or the team, I just wanted to ask, can we get a little bit more color on just what you think is happening in sort of underlying visitation to the market? I think you captured it well in your Slide 19. But we saw our noted a bigger sequential deceleration than we typically see in the second quarter. And my question for you is twofold. Just, one, what's driving that? Is it macro? Is it something you're seeing or hearing out there? And I guess, just as importantly, is it continuing at all into Q3? Or what's your expectation for this pattern to possibly continue?
Robert Goldstein: Grant you want to take that one?
Grant Chum: Yes. I think you're right. The visitation recovery rate has actually reduced. So that's actually taking account of seasonality when you when you compare the visitation recovery versus second quarter of 2019, we're about 79%, but we were as high as 90%. 85% to 90% in the past 6 months in the past 2 quarters. So clearly, there has been, I think, more than just a seasonal slowdown. And that's particularly prominent in the visitation outside of Guangzhou. So that does impact, I think Rob referenced it earlier. It does impact, I think, the base mass business, especially that I'm ready to play. We don't know exactly why, but I think that is a clear feature of this quarter, and it does feed into, as we said, the base mass segment.
Shaun Kelley: And then just as a follow-up, I think you also talked about -- I mean, obviously, I think you mentioned a number of times that the market is always competitive, always promotional. Could you just talk about your own promotional allowance or cadence this quarter? Was it a little higher? Did you need to reinvest a little bit more? I think on our math, that was possibly the case? Or is it all just mix? Just kind of how did you see it play out? And kind of what do you -- how much you're reacting to versus how much are you kind of letting -- kind of letting go on market share just because it's not your game?
Patrick Dumont: One thing, I just want to say one thing, and then I'll turn it over to Grant. So just note that the visitation is very important. And you referenced Slide 19 and the fact that there's 2 million visitors missing, that were pre-pandemic. We are geared for scale. And that scale is very hard margin for us because of the volumes. And so our mix looks different and our margins look different and our reinvestment looks different because of the shift of business between nonrated and rated play. That's a very important thing when you look at our results and you consider what we're doing today, the mix of business has changed for us pre-pandemic, post-paneic. So that's one thing. The other thing is I would also like to highlight that if you look at the margins of our overall operations, they're consistent with prior performance. And when that unrated play returns and the volumes return of premium mass play, that our margins should improve. So yes, we look at reinvestment rates, but we also look at the total business. We like to understand how much money we're actually making on net. So when you look at the business overall, our margin performance and our competitive positioning is actually quite good given where things are. But I'll turn it over to Grant for some additional detail.
Grant Chum: Yes. Thanks, Patrick. Yes, I think it's a mixture. Firstly, the business mix point that Patrick referenced. And secondly, because we were closing Pacifica Casino and getting ready for that, yes, there is, for a period of time, a high level of reinvestment as we prepare for that shift, which, as I talked about earlier, we did so very successfully, especially into the Parisian, but also the other properties. So those are the main factors affecting the reinvestment and the overall margin mix. But I think even though there are fluctuations from quarter-to-quarter, day-to-day, even in terms of tactical, I think we're very clear on our strategy which is that we will compete on the quality and the scale of our asset base. And of course, at this point in time, we're hampered because we have a number of our key assets out. But when those assets come back online, really from Q4 this year into 2025, we absolutely intend to be competing on that basis. because at that point, we not only have, I think, scale we always had, but the sheer quality of product that we'll have at that point at scale, I think that will be the fundamental difference from what we had before, and we intend to make full use of that in terms of competing for the market.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Chad Beynon from Macquarie.
Chad Beynon: On Singapore, which has been consistently strong for several quarters, it appears that there's still some quarterly volatility. I think last quarter, we talked about some big events in the first quarter that drove nongaming and obviously, VIP play. As we think about the back half of the year, can you help us kind of square what seasonality should look like? And if there are any big events that are booked on the calendar in Singapore that could drive additional nongaming or VIP business?
Patrick Dumont: So a couple of things. So typically, 2Q is our trough quarter in the year. And so you saw that in Singapore this quarter. As a practical matter, we were also out keys because of the renovation in Tower 3. So across the back half of the year and into Q1 of next year, all of that stuff is going to come back. So the limiters are going to come off. And so if you look at the tower gaming that we're adding, you look at the additional salons that are coming back online, some of the renovated gaming areas that are coming back, we're finally going to hit full stride of that building. So even though we put up this quarter, and last quarter, which are, I think, the two highest of all time, we have more room to go. We're not operating with full capacity. And so right now, when we look at Singapore, we see strength in the market we've geared ourselves to focus on high-value tourism, which is coming into Singapore at a very high level. We are the premier place to visit from an amenity standpoint, entertainment, food and beverage, and we're benefiting from it. And our hospitality is now second to none, which we spent a lot of years working on, and we're finally there. So we're going to start to see this asset continue to grow and outpace. In terms of the calendar up and coming, I can't point to anything other than Formula One that would be sitting in the category you just laid out. Formula what happens every year. It's a great event. It's something that's good for Singapore. Our patrons really enjoy it, and we look forward to its success. But in terms of calendar, unless Grant has something in mind, I can't think of anything other than that right now that's worth mentioning.
Kwan Chum: Yes, that's the main one, yes.
Robert Goldstein: This market is so powerful and getting better by the day. And in the past Q2 is one of the weakest quarter in seasonality. But still, what's happening in Singapore is almost unheard of in our industry. [indiscernible] that they -- and we're doing these numbers again with capacity constrained. When that goes away, and the market will continue to thrive, whether it's F1 or Taylor Swift or whosever coming next. They just those events are very additive, but that place as a market just becomes more and more designed by the day you see by the visitation and the quality of visitation. So [indiscernible] will come, but I think our ability will speak for itself.
Chad Beynon: Okay. Appreciate it. And then I'm going to ask you to put on your economist hat again, not looking out to future years, but this year, obviously, the ARR cut could bring some more money back into consumer pockets in China. Just wondering in prior cycles, how long that usually takes for it to trickle down. Obviously, we've seen a nice little improvement in some of the July-foot traffic. I don't think it would happen that fast. But is this something if it's kind of working in terms of some stimulus, you could start to see it in the third or fourth quarter here? Just in terms of spend per play trends. Just wondering if you could kind of opine on what we've seen in prior cycles.
Patrick Dumont: So this is a fascinating question. One thing I'll tell you, this was the highest volumes we ever had in premium mass and slots in a quarter. So clearly, like something positive is happening. I think if you said that the economy was [indiscernible] and doing incredibly well that we'll be doing better. I think that might be a fair statement. You can say that. But in terms of timing or specific economic actions, there are so many different things that can happen that may influence it. We have no idea. I mean, this isn't anything that we can comment on or have a view on other than that we're hopeful that there will be further economic growth and further beneficial economic activity around the [indiscernible] area. And hopefully, we be beneficiaries of that. But in terms of specific comments around timing or things of that nature, it's not something we can really do.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Brandt Montour from Barclays.
Brandt Montour: I just wanted to follow up maybe with Grant or anyone on Shaun's question about visitation. And maybe just thinking about what's going on there? I know that you don't have a crystal ball for the future. But in the 2Q, do you think Macro was the biggest factor? Is there still infrastructure friction there with flights to non-Guangdong, particularly? Or is there something else that you think is at play as well?
Patrick Dumont: Yes. Thanks, Brandt, for the question. Yes, I don't have specific reasons why we have a slowdown in the recovery rate for non-Guangdong. I think what you can say is there is a segment bifurcation here where the premium segments are still doing incredibly well. And you can see, I think it's on Slide 18 on [indiscernible] pack. Actually, this is the highest spend per visitor arrival since the COVID recovery began of any quarter. So clearly, at the premium end, the strength of spending is very high. But at the same time, the I think, the lower price points in terms of, say, the slot performance is also incredibly strong. So those two factors drove record high volumes in our non-rolling drop and soft handle. But in the middle, especially the base [ mass ] tables, especially unrated, that is highly correlated to the strength of visitation and it just wasn't as strong this quarter, even if you adjust for seasonality. So I think we can explain how the segments have performed. But we don't know exactly why the visitation base isn't recovering as fast in the middle in terms of that base mass hesitation.
Brandt Montour: Great. And then on the disruption, the renovation projects, if we were to try and gauge the level of disruption from these projects in the third quarter versus the second quarter, I know you lose the casino floor for a whole quarter versus half a quarter. Can you maybe give us some finer points on what else is going to be offline in the third quarter versus the second quarter room count, et cetera?
Patrick Dumont: Yes. You go ahead Grant.
Kwan Chum: Yes, the disruption will actually increase from a room perspective. So we're operating around 2,500 keys at [ Sheraton ] in the second quarter on average over the quarter, and we expect to be down to about 1,300 on average across the third quarter. Obviously, higher number of teams in the first half of the quarter and finishing up with fits. And as you said, we will have a full quarter of Pacifica casino closure versus 60% of the quarter in the second quarter. So yes, the disruption impact will actually increase during the third quarter.
Operator: Your next question is coming from David Katz from Jefferies.
David Katz: I wanted to go back to the repurchases and just take a little bigger picture look, right? Just thinking about the factors, obviously, the stock and where it is, is one of them. But when we look at your capabilities, there are some maturities out there. In the future, there's obviously the issue of the float at the current run rate that shrinks the float and that's a consideration that some companies think about. If you could just sort of walk us through how you're thinking about those other issues in view of all of them, that would be helpful please.
Patrick Dumont: So all very good questions, all things we talk about all the time, consider with the board and we think about frequently. I think the key thing for us is we always look to invest for growth. So when you think about capital allocation, our primary conversation is how do we grow this business. We had a question earlier about new jurisdictions. We're looking at them. If you look at our Las Vegas sale, the fundamental driver of that was our ability to reallocate capital to faster-growing markets and new growth opportunities. And I think our investments in Macau and Singapore will prove out and that will ultimately allow us to grow those businesses, create additional cash flow, which ultimately will be used for either new growth or shareholder return. And so when you look at our balance sheet, we think being investment grade is incredibly important. We think it provides us with a strategic advantage. It reduces our cost of debt capital, which impacts our overall cost of capital and makes the financing of new projects more efficient and create better returns for equity. And also to be fair, we think when we go to new jurisdictions, it puts us in a more competitive position because we have the financial capability to execute the projects we're proposing. And so all of these things are very helpful for us as we look for our business. When it comes to capital return, I think the idea of shrinking the share count of something we've talked about previously, where we think there's a benefit to doing so. We think there is a positive gearing towards share repurchases. We've been very aggressive over the last couple of quarters. We like to continue to shrink the share count over time. And to be fair, we're also a dividend payer. We think that's helpful to shareholder returns. As a S&P 500 member, we think it's good to have the dividend as well. So I think we have the free cash flow to continue to return of capital. We're very happy about that given our investment opportunities. We have the balance sheet strength, be able to develop a new jurisdictions. And so I think you're going to see a balance between growth and our ability to return capital over time. I think the nice thing is when we're done with the Londoner and we're done with some of the other -- with these major innovation projects in Singapore, given the growth that we're seeing, we'll have the ability, hopefully, to return more capital. And we'll have the ability to increase our program and benefit shareholders. So you'll see us do that over time as our business continues to operate and grow. And so I think the idea of shrinking the share count, I think we're in a good position to do it. I think we have a lot of liquidity out there in the market. We have a very strong ability to execute. So I think we're in good shape in terms of our program and the way that we approach it.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Dan Politzer from Wells Fargo.
Dan Politzer: The first one on Singapore, the ADR was very impressive. Trends there seen overall, pretty good despite subdued visitation. Can you talk about -- are you starting to see the benefits of the existing CapEx that you put into the ground so far? And should we think about any disruption as it relates to Tower 3 that leading up to the completion next year?
Robert Goldstein: Thank you. Yes, obviously, the money we put into the building thus far has done very well. You see results are -- when you look into a $2 billion-plus run rate, we're still under construction is more to do. Tower 3 is disrupted because we don't have the product from the room tower gaming isn't there. I mean, we're doing very well there. But again, I reference we have one hand tied behind our back and trying to get through it. So the road ahead still looks very positive to us. We think $500 million, $550 million, $600 million a quarter is in reach in the near future. And as we referenced earlier, once the entire building is complete in '25, I do see better numbers than ever on Singapore. It's a very rosy picture in Singapore. And yes, the CapEx we employed there is paying off very well. And we think it's going to continue to be even stronger in time. And as for EDR, while it's relevant, our cash sales are not the [indiscernible] is the drivers our casino business, especially our ongoing casino drop on the table side [indiscernible]. But it's a very positive picture. The disruption is real for the balance of the year into Q1 and Q2. But once that burns off and we had Tower game open the full complement of suites, I think you'll see Singapore just continue to be stronger and stronger.
Dan Politzer: Got it. And then as far as it relates to the Macau property portfolio, obviously, there's a lot of CapEx going into Londoner. As it relates to the other properties there, is there anything that we should be thinking about as you start to wrap up Londoner later this year? Or should we expect 2025 to be pretty much disruption free there?
Robert Goldstein: Yes. Good point. Londoner will wrap up again in '25. We should note that we are going to undergo -- there was a misunderstanding perhaps the one call about what happens in [indiscernible]. We are going to rehab some of the [indiscernible] because we always do. But it's typical, you won't see it in the numbers of the building will be hidden from the public view by doing the 4x4 traditional way you approach these things in our industry. So we will undergo a renovation of the room product at Venetian next year at the closure of Londoner renovation. Four Seasons pretty much is done. And then we'll sit and see what we want to do it in those things in Parisian and perhaps some Sand, but nothing beyond the should think about for the time being.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Steve Wieczynski from Stifel.
Steve Wieczynski: So Grant, you've been asked -- Grant, you've been asked a question on visitation twice now. I'm actually going to try to ask it a third time. So if we look at Slide 20, it shows that the group visitation was I think we've done about 1.3 million visitors in May and June so far. So I want to ask more about kind of what's going on with the group side? And just trying to figure out maybe has it -- do you think Macau has essentially gotten maybe too expensive? And is pricing certain groups out of the market. And I hope that kind of makes sense.
Kwan Chum: Yes, thanks for the question. I think the two groups is a broader supply chain issue and the change in consumer habits, not just applicable to the Macau market, but to all the key markets that were significant to group markets prior to COVID. I think the other aspect that I should have mentioned perhaps I could get Wilfred to give his perspective as well as actually, during this period, we also have a series of significant announcements on policies that would boost visitation over time, even though in this current quarter, the impact may not be prominent, ranging from individual business scheme expansion to other types of visa relaxation. So I think we need to bear that in mind that things are actually moving extremely positively on the policy side to support future growth in visitation. Wilfred, maybe you want to add to that?
Ying Wai Wong: Sure. I think the government, both at the Macau level and at the national level is monitoring the situation. And that's why you see the recent announcement that there's an additional 10 cities that people that qualify for IVS. And if you look at Macau traditionally, about 55%, 60% of the visitors use the IVS scheme. And this time, they added 10 cities, which has close to 60 million population. So you're increasing that catchment area. And I think the other measures such as a faster and nationwide application for business Visa will also benefit Macau. So it will take time for these policies to be promulgated, fully promulgated and known in these cities. So we are expecting some positive impact in the months to come.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-17 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Sands' First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. We will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations at Sands. Sir, the floor is yours.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you, Paul. Joining the call today are Rob Goldstein, our Chairman and CEO; Patrick Dumont, our President and COO; Dr. Wilfred Wong, Executive Vice Chairman of Sands China; and Grant Chum, CEO and President of Sands China and EVP of Asia Operations. Today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements. We will be making these statements under the safe harbor provision of Federal Securities laws. The Company's actual results may differ materially from the results reflected in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we will discuss non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP financial measure are included in our press release. We have posted an earnings presentation on our website. We will refer to that presentation during the call. Finally, for the Q&A session, we ask those of interested to please pose one question and one follow-up so we might allow everyone with interest the opportunity to participate. This presentation is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Rob.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks, Dan, and thanks for joining us today. The Macao market continues to grow as it has each in the past five quarters. Since the reopening in early 2023, the annual run rate of the market has grown every quarter from $17 billion in Q1 of last year to $22 billion, then $24 billion and $26 billion, now reaching $28 billion in annualized gaming revenue. We remain confident -- so fully confident in the future growth of the Macao market. I've said in the past, Macao market will grow to $30 billion and then $35 billion and then $40 billion beyond in the years ahead, I remain steadfast in our belief. We remain equally confident in our business strategy to invest in both the quality and scale of our market-leading assets in Macao. Our capital investment programs ensure that we will continue to be the market leader in the years ahead. Our investments position us to grow faster than the market over the long term to grow our share of EBITDA in the market and to generate industry-leading returns on invested capital. Turning to our current financial results for Macao. We delivered a solid result for the quarter despite the disruption of our ongoing capital investment programs. SCL continues to lead the market in gaming and non-gaming revenue and most importantly, in the market share of EBITDA. Because of our market-leading investments, we will capture high-value, high-margin tourism over the long run. We have a unique competitive position in terms of scale, quality and diversity of product offerings. Upon completion of the second phase of the London and our co-tying redevelopment program, our product advantage will be more substantial than ever. Turning to Singapore, we delivered a record quarter. We believe it's a record for the industry. So the team there has done an extraordinary job, and this is what happens when a superior product is located in the proper market. Our financial results in Singapore reflect the impact of our capital investment programs and our service capabilities. The appeal of Singapore as its tourist and destination and the robust entertainment and lifestyle event calendar also contributed to the growth at MBS. As we complete the balance of our investment programs, there will be a lot more runway for growth in the future. Thanks for joining us today. I'll turn it over to Patrick for more details.
Patrick Dumont: Thanks, Rob. Macao EBITDA was $610 million. If we had held as expected in our rolling program, our EBITDA would have been higher by $31 million. When adjusted for lower-than-expected holds in the rolling segment, our EBITDA margin would have been 34.4%, or up 380 basis points compared to the first quarter of 2023. This highlights our focus on cost discipline and profitability. The ongoing capital investment programs at The Londoner and at the Cotai Arena had an impact on our results this quarter. The Cotai Arena was closed for renovation in January this year. After the significant reinvestment and renovation, the arena is expected to reopen in November. In terms of the second phase of the Londoner, we have now commenced the room renovation on the first Sheraton. We plan the completion of the first tower by year-end and of the second tower by Golden Week in May of 2025. The renovation of the casino on the Sheraton side of London will commence in May of this year with the reopening scheduled for December of 2024. While there will be ongoing disruption from these capital projects, as these products come online between the end of '24 and the first half of '25, our competitive position will be stronger than ever. The scale, quality and diversity of product will be better than we have ever offered before. They will be unmatched in the market. Turning to Singapore, MBS and EBITDA came in at $597 million, an all-time record for the property and for the industry. Our strong results reflect the impact of high-quality investment and market-leading products. Had we held as expected in our Rolling Play segment, EBITDA would have been $77 million lower. Had we held as expected in the Rolling Play segment, MBS EBITDA margin would have been 49.1%, or 181 -- 180 basis points higher than in Q1 of 2023. We have now completed both Tower 1 and Tower 2 of the Marina Bay Sands hotel refurbishment. While we have substantially completed the original $1 billion CapEx program, we are still in initial stages of realizing the benefits of these new products. We have now commenced the next phase of our capital investment program at Marina Bay Sands. The $750 million renovation that includes Tower 3. Tower 3 is scheduled to be completed by the second quarter of next year. This will support further growth in 2025 and beyond. Turning to our program to return capital to shareholders. We repurchased $450 million of LVS stock during the quarter. We also paid our recurring quarterly dividend. In addition, LVS has completed the previously announced purchase of $250 million of SCL stock, which increases the parent company's ownership interest in SCL to approximately 71%. We continue to see value in both repurchasing LVS stock and increasing our ownership interest in SCL. We look forward to continuing to utilize the company's capital return program to increase return to shareholders in the future. Thanks again for joining the call today. Now, let's take some questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] And the first question today is coming from Stephen Grambling from Morgan Stanley. Stephen, your line is live.
Stephen Grambling: Hey, thanks so much. You talked to the March higher for the market in Macau, but this quarter looks like the margin flow through and EBITDA actually went in the other direction. How should we be thinking about flow through in Macau and operating expenses going forward in that market?
Patrick Dumont: Yeah. I just want to say one thing before we turn it over to Grant. I think some of this has to do in Macau with some of the disruption that we experienced during the quarter. So when we take the arena in January, we lose the benefit of our entertainment programs during a peak period. That did have an impact. So when you look at our operation, you compare it to Q1 of last year, Q1 of last year, we were coming out of the pandemic and it really took a while for visitation to get started again. This year, unfortunately, we did this to ourselves. We started renovating our arena. It's a very powerful asset. It has lots of entertainment and went through the Chinese New Year period and unfortunately, with some hotel rooms out and the arena out, we felt on the revenue side. So as we've said before, as the market continues to grow, we will do well. We have the best product. We've invested the most in non-gaming assets. We have the most amenities to offer to our patrons and they're very high quality, diversity of retail, diversity of food and beverage, diversity of entertainment, which is very important. Unfortunately, we didn't have that tool this quarter in full swing. We only had the London arena, which is good, but it can't compete with the Cotai Arena. So I think for us, as the revenues continue to grow, as you've seen in prior quarters, our margins will fall in line. And you see that in the Venetian, as the revenues are where they need to be, the margins fall in line as well. So that's sort of the headline from the margin performance this quarter. I do want to turn it over to Grant to see if he has any additional color.
Grant Chum: Yeah. Thanks, Patrick. I think the most important point is still the GGR is growing in the market, and I think if you look at our profitability, at this level of GGR, I think we should be looking at low to mid-30s in operating margin -- EBITDA margin, and we're right at the high end of the range there. Obviously, each quarter there's seasonality relating to different parts of the business, the revenue mix. So first quarter, I think 34.4% in terms of underlying margin is a really good number. I think 2024 is going to be one that is impacted by our capital works and the renovations that Patrick referenced also in his opening remarks. We have obviously, started the hotel renovation in the first half of Sheraton, and down -- we're probably down about 500, 600 rooms in the first quarter on average in that hotel. But the number of keys that will be out of inventory will increase further in the second and third quarters. And of course, Cotai Arena, as Patrick referenced, that's always been a core part of our content programming, our content offering, and we were able to offer plenty of shows at the London Arena. But if you just compare -- just the sheer number of shows that we had in the first quarter, we had 12 shows compared with the fourth quarter last year, we had 31 shows. It's a big difference. And obviously, in terms of capacity, there's a big difference. So the attendance per show obviously was much higher in the fourth quarter as well. So hopefully, that gives you some color in terms of the disruption that had on our business with the arena being closed for renovation. And as I said, the hotel renovation is ongoing and you're going to see more keys out of inventory in the next couple of quarters.
Stephen Grambling: Got it. And maybe one clarification. I guess in the quarter, industry-wide, I'm not sure, maybe I missed this in the presentation or I haven't seen the slides, but is VIP -- the VIP actually grew faster than mass overall in the first quarter for the industry. And how are you thinking about base mass versus premium mass from here? I know you kind of touched on this a little bit, but would be curious about the industry-wide thought process.
Patrick Dumont: Rob, should I take that?
Robert Goldstein: Yes. Yes, please. Yes.
Patrick Dumont: Yes, you're right. I think if you look at our slides, the mass revenues sequentially would be around 4%, and the overall GGR for the quarter grew at 6% sequentially. So yes, the VIP revenues in the market as a whole grew faster than the mass revenues Q-o-Q. I think in terms of the premium mass versus base mass, again, I think you can see it from our slides. Premium mass grew slightly faster for us in this quarter, but the difference is not material when you account for things like whole percentage and patron counts and so forth. So I wouldn't say, there's a material divergence in the growth rates between premium mass and base mass, and it's part of business for the quarter.
Robert Goldstein: I think it's important to note that -- it's important that the visitation still isn't like it to be. Obviously, there's still millions of people have not come versus the 2019 visitation numbers. We believe long-term visitation GGRs did grow, whether it be base or premium, we'll get more than our fair share. And I think we've seen obviously, I'll say the obvious, the promotional situation the market has changed and more people incent doing things. And once everyone starts playing that game, I believe that will resolve itself. We believe that assets will prevail. We believe London will be extraordinary asset much like it's happening in Singapore. I think our results in Singapore reflect a fully developed program and the execution in Singapore shows what can be done. We have the right kind of assets. What we have even done in Singapore the number is extraordinary. The same will happen in our business in Macao in time. As DGOs accelerate and they will, visitation accelerates and it will. We'll continue to be margin-focused, even without focus, and get more than a fair share and assets will prevail over promotions from our perspective.
Stephen Grambling: Got it, thanks. I'll jump back in the queue. Appreciate it.
Robert Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Carlo, your line is live.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, guys. Thank you. Just following up on the first quarter margins. If I look at the fourth quarter, for example, and kind of extract the big element of turnover rent that comes in and obviously, very high flow through, it looks like margins are probably fairly similar. So it doesn't seem like a lot changed on that front. Is that accurate? Or am I missing something else seasonally there?
Robert Goldstein: Primarily you're correct. That's a fair statement to make. The term red does, as you know, as you know to occur in the fourth quarter, and it's material. Grant, do you want to add to that?
Grant Chum: Yes, it's accurate. You're right.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you. And if I could, just one follow-up on capital allocation. Obviously, over $400 million of buyback in this quarter. As you guys think about the capital needs here going forward, the stuff that you've announced, the stuff that obviously, is being contemplated and looking for budgets around and whatnot. Do you feel like that this pace is adequate and where you want to be as you look throughout the balance of this year?
Patrick Dumont: Yeah. So I think first off, I just want to say we see value in both equities. And I think, we have a very long-term bullish view given the market opportunity for growth, our market-leading investments and our assets, and just how we feel about the opportunities in both markets that we have. So as we said before, we're going to be overweight share repurchases. As we think about future capital return, we are going to be more heavily weighted towards share repurchase and dividends. We think the repurchases are going to be more accretive than dividends over time and we want to shrink that denominator. And so I think we're going to look to make purchases that are consistent with our share authorization by the Board and with prior practice. And I think we'll look to be a little bit opportunistic. We may vary levels, but I think we're going to continue to be aggressive in the market. I mean, I think you see with the $450 million of LVS shares, the SCL share repurchases, we think this represents an interesting opportunity just a moment in time. And so we're going to try to take advantage of it. We happen to have a very strong balance sheet. We have a lot of liquidity and we tend to put it to use. So I think we're pretty happy with where the program has taken us so far -- both so far and we'll continue to use it and we'll see how it goes across the year. But we're going to look to repurchase more shares.
Carlo Santarelli: Thanks for that, Patrick. Just one aside. Guys, I'm not sure the slides are actually posted yet. It certainly could be a user error, but it looks like that they haven't posted yet for the first quarter.
Patrick Dumont: Yeah, we're working on it.
Carlo Santarelli: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Joe Greff from J.P. Morgan. Joe, your line is live.
Joe Greff: Hey, everybody. I was hoping one of you could maybe help quantify the revenue and EBITDA impact from the renovations going on at Londoner and Cotai Arena. And then do you see that renovation disruption impact accelerating, and when do you start to see that decelerate? I know you kind of talked about the two towers and when they open up, but to kind of help understand that renovation impact in terms of how you're seeing it, and I think would be helpful for everybody.
Patrick Dumont: Yeah. I don't know that we can necessarily quantify accurately what the impact was because we can't know what we displaced. You heard Grant describe the number of missing shows and the number of people typically will go to those shows in the Cotai Arena, and you get a sense of the type of high-quality patron that we bring in when we have live entertainment. And it is impactful. I think Q1 typically is a very powerful quarter for us as is Q4, and you kind of see the difference that the impact had for entertainment. We made a decision that if we take the arena offline and do it and make it the high -- one of the highest-quality arenas in Asia, then in the long run, we will benefit from the entertainment. And so we decided to do it as quickly as possible. And so that meant taking it offline in January this year and trying to get it done by October-November. And so once we do that, we're going to have an incredibly high-quality arena with amenities that we've never had before. So it will make us more competitive in the market and actually drive additional high-quality tourism from both traditional markets and other markets and will also help drive high-quality tourism from our core customer base and allow for more repeat visits from our high-value customers. We're very excited about the opportunities this new entertainment asset will present to us. Unfortunately, we're going to take some pain while it's offline, and that really started in January of this year. I can't quantify the exact amount, but you hear the count from Grant and you realize that it is not immaterial. And then the other side is, we're taking the shared it out. And when we're done, it's going to be one of our best properties in Macao. The design will be high-level. The fundamentals of the Sheraton Tower are quite good and both towers are quite good. They're actually a little bit better than the existing Londoner side, believe it or not. The layout of the casino will be very good. The additional food and beverage amenities that we can add. And I think the connectivity will be a very good driver of future results for that property. That's the reason why we're pretty confident that the result, when it's done, will be that or exceed that of the Venetian. So I think for us, we're doing it now. It is going to be disruptive. The worst is going to be across the summer when we have the lowest key count that we've had since we really opened what was then in Sands Cotai Central because we're taking out -- that we're going to take the Sheraton out. And so it's going to be more of this disruption across the summer. But then hopefully, as keys come back online across the phasing, and as we get the arena back, let's call it October-November, we'll have a much more powerful set of assets to drive tourism and create cash flow. So there will be disruption. I can't quantify it for you, but it's not going to be immaterial. Grant, I don't know if you have other things you'd like to add to that.
Grant Chum: I think you covered it perfectly. I think the only thing I supplement is Londoner phase one really gave us that elevation in the shared quality of product, as well as a very successful rebranding and repositioning of the entire property. But what phase two gives us is that scale of high-quality product and the diversity of it. And that's when I think the earnings power of this resort will be fundamentally transformed.
Joe Greff: Perfect. And…
Robert Goldstein: I believe what we think once Londoner -- we think once Londoner is done, Joe, we'll have the one and two -- number one and two assets in the GALP, by far. Not sure whether they'll be fully in front, but that company really gives us a unique positioning for '25 and the years ahead to dominate the market in terms of the largest resorts and those proper resorts, both one and two.
Joe Greff: Great. Thanks, Rob. You may have answered my follow-up question indirectly on your prior margin commentary, and maybe this is something Grant could talk about. But can you talk about the level of the markets, premium mass reinvestment levels? Has that been pretty consistent in the first quarter? And what you're seeing year to date versus how the end of the year finished? Or is there any kind of trend change on that front? That's all for me. Thanks.
Grant Chum: Thanks, Joe. For us, yes, our profitability, the structure of a margin in every segment actually, quarter-on-quarter very consistent. No significant changes there. And that obviously, fed through to the result that the earlier question described, which is that we had a very consistent margin quarter-on-quarter despite obviously, some inflation in the payroll costs due to holiday pay and salary increases.
Joe Greff: Yeah. My question -- maybe I didn't explain it that clearly. The level of premium mass reinvestment from your competitors, how would you characterize that year to date versus the end of last year?
Grant Chum: Oh. Sorry. You're talking about the overall market now.
Joe Greff: Yes.
Robert Goldstein: Direct investment invested to customers.
Patrick Dumont: I think the promotion activities levels are relatively intense right now. Is it higher than Q4, I don't think so, but it comes and goes and goes up and has ups and downs. But I think over time, there really isn't any necessity in this market to be too aggressive on promotions. The demand and supply, supply-constrained market, the quality of supply is exceptional, and we are a big contributor to that. And as GGR rises, that becomes even less of an issue over time. And for us, it doesn't matter. We stick to our strategy, which is as Rob referenced product based is driven off our asset base. The upgrades we're making, the quality of the assets and the services that go with that in addition to the programming -- the content programming, and like we talked about, we're very big believers in that entertainment being co-offering. That's why we're investing this $200 million in the upgrade of Cotai Arena. So -- yeah, when it's all said and done, we believe that GGR continues to rise, our asset base is going to be better than before and better than ever. And that's the way we're going to compete and that's the only way we think we can compete on a sustainable and profitable basis is really based on the quality execution of a product and the service that go with that.
Joe Greff: Thank you.
Robert Goldstein: Joe, we're obviously, keenly aware of the commercial environment down. We're certainly aware of what's happening with Macao promotions, but we remain steadfast. I believe that our product, once completed, will be superior. The scale is greater. The market will grow, and that's how we'll capture our fair share and remain focused on margins and keeping our EBITDA once again. So we're not going to play the game of chasing $10 more for promotions. We don't think it's our business and who we are. We're an asset-driven company with quality assets and scale. And again, we've proven that time and time again, and once Londoner is done, the arena will be just want to be in terms of market leading and margin of the assets and the cap.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Shaun, your line is live.
Shaun Kelley: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Sorry if I'm beating the dead horse here, but I did want to just kind of stick with the margin commentary, but I'll give it a little bit of a longer-term view. My question is really just trying to get a sense of what would it take to get back to let's call it the mid to high thirties on margins here. Is what we're seeing today and now increasingly expecting for the balance of '24 more about customer mix? Or is it about sort of one time callouts around renovations and maybe some lost very high-margin non-gaming revenue?
Patrick Dumont: So it's a very interesting question, and it's the right question to ask. So as these properties reach run rates so as they reach their full potential, the margin should be upper 30s [Technical Difficulty] Sorry. I think someone in Sands China put us on hold. Please excuse us. So we think about margins in the upper thirties. If you look at the performance of the Venetian, that's a good benchmark, right? It was impacted a little bit this quarter, again, also by the entertainment not being there in the Cotai Arena, but -- and mix-wise, to be fair, pre-pandemic, it had more mass play and that's a higher margin. And so as tourism returns, so as visitation increases, which has more mass play, and we have plenty of capacity for it. So if you look at our asset base, the scale of the assets, the food and beverage we have, the amenities we have, we can accommodate a lot of mass play, and we have the positions to do it. And so for us, as visitation shows up and continues to on an upward trend, our assets are ready to take that visitation, revenue will grow, margins will grow, and they will normalize back towards a more traditional mix. That being said, the Londoner has the opportunity to also bring a lot of high-value tourism. So we're carrying the expense base without the revenue, right? So we have the team members, we have the -- we have all the things going on that you have, that we're fully operating, but it's not fully operating at. So the margins naturally are not going to look right. So as the revenue comes in and as the visitation comes in, as the patrons come in, as the hotel is completed, and as the rest of the amenities are done, that will look more normal. The only problem is it's in '25. So we have a little bit of time that we have to get through with this investment. Are there some high-value things that are very high margin that we're missing because of entertainment or keys out, yes, that's true. But when you look at the asset base that we have, the experience that we have, the team that we have there, their ability to execute and how they've executed so far, and the asset base that we're creating with these investments, we're going to be in a great position. And the margins, we believe, will get there. So we need visitation to continue. That will be helpful for the Venetian. It'll be helpful for the mass to recover. We need to have all of our assets in line. So that's the Cotai Arena to be finished and the Sheraton to become fully Londonerized, that's a word, and get to our full key count. And then you'll see the true power of these assets and the margins will get there. We have a lifestyle program that we run with high-quality amenities. If you haven't been to Macau and you haven't seen what we've done, I would encourage you to do it. It's not simply one thing. It's not simply hospitality. It's not simply gaming. It's not simply retail. It's an ecosystem that allows our customers to travel around all of our assets and have an experience they can't get anyplace else. And that's really what we have on offer and it's unique, and it's been invested in and it will continue to get better. So for us, as Rob said, we're not chasing promotional activity. We're chasing asset development, and that will drive our success.
Shaun Kelley: Thanks, Patrick, and appreciate the insight. As a quick follow-up for whoever as appropriate. Just looking at Singapore, I mean, obviously, a breakout quarter with a run rate above $500 million. There were some one time things in that market, Taylor Swift, I believe, being one and then, of course, which I think you called out event activity broadly speaking. But also there's a change in, I think, Chinese visa policies that was probably potentially fruitful for the market. So just the big question here is, what's the right run rate? And do you think again, maybe event activity agnostic we could sustain above the $500 million mark? And are we kind of off to the race here? And notwithstanding the fact that even that number sounds like it included a little bit of tower three disruption.
Robert Goldstein: I think the first thing you should note is that the building is still under renovation. I think we believe $500 million a quarter annualized is very durable and more. And the most important thing you should note is two things. The growth in Singapore as a desirable destination is soaring. It's not just Taylor Swift. It's Bruno Mars. It's the Hamilton show. It's endless events, F1. It's a juggernaut. And really, it's become accelerated. This market has become very special in a very short order. And I think that's attributed to government there and the programs happening, entertainment, et cetera. So Singapore is highly desirable, and yes, that's very sustainable. And as good as Taylor Swift was, there's a lot more in the pipeline that will make that continue. Secondly, our building has less than 200 top tier suites. Upon completion, we'll have an excess of 700. The suite-spot on the market is the premium mass and super premium mass, rolling, non-rolling. We can't -- I think we're almost approaching a billion dollars a slot when we may be out of bullets there as we get more capacity. But this is a very special market. Our building is a special building. I don't think there's any reason to doubt that 520, 540, 600. Look, this may keep growing. This is a great place to be. We're lucky to be there. We're lucky that the government is very supportive and excellent team in place. But most importantly, the assets, it didn't happen by luck. We are doing -- spending a lot of money to make sure those assets are superb and the customers come back time and time again. The real question is what happens when the building has four wheels instead of three? That's going to happen later this year, in early 2025, when those suites are rolled out and they are great suites. They are phenomenal suites. Can that building go to two-two, two-four, two-five, it can and it will. And I think, again, what we're trying to tell you about Macau is we're frustrated by Macau. The operating environment is more difficult. We're under construction a self-inflicted wound. But once we emulate in Macau and we've done in Singapore, the same thing will prevail. Londoner I wish neck and neck to drive that market. And again, I think the government recently talked about a lot of things they're trying to do. Increase tourism and visas, et cetera. We see a real nice support system coming out of now, and we're grateful to the government for recognizing a session this week about increased tourism, increased entertainment. We're lucky to be in two very, very special places, and, yes, Singapore can do 500, they can do 550. It's not about Taylor Swift. It's about a great market, a great asset, and a team running it.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Robin Farley from UBS. Robin, your line is live.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. I just wanted to circle back. You were commenting earlier and the slides were not up yet so I haven't been able to go through them. But it sounded like you were saying that your sequential growth in mass and premium were both at a similar rate sequentially. And just wondering if there's anything to add any color around that since, you know, the market has generally speaking been seeing better premium mass recovery. Just any color you'd add there.
Patrick Dumont: Grant, I think you should take that. Grant?
Grant Chum: Yeah, Robin. I don't know if the deck is up.
Patrick Dumont: It's up now.
Robert Goldstein: It's up now, I mean.
Patrick Dumont: It's up, guys. Yes.
Grant Chum: Yeah. So if you look at a premium mass win, we're up 2% quarter-on-quarter, and base maths were down 3% quarter-on-quarter. But I think my point earlier is the difference that's here and there could be related to any number of I think non-substantive factors. So I wouldn't describe this as a divergence in trend, but this quarter we just did slightly better in premium mass versus base mass. Visitations continue just like see the wider market growing. Our property visitations actually grew sequentially as well. So nothing significant to remark on in terms of the segment divergence.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. That's helpful. Thank you. And just any thoughts around New York timing and your expectations there? Sort of anything new to add there? Thanks.
Patrick Dumont: Yeah. But we're very disappointed by New York. I mean, we've been working there for a long time and we thought it was going to happen in '24. That was the state. Now they're saying '25 or '26, but I don't think we have any real clarity. And to be honest with you, it's confusing and disappointing because we've done a lot of work in New York and a lot of time into it. So I have no guidance because I don't really know what to tell you with candor and insight. Just don't know about New York. And it's just wish -- we wish they figured it out and let us know. We just don't know. So we'll remain hopeful that things turn around there.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks, Robin.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Vitaly Umansky from Seaport. Vitaly, your line is live.
Vitaly Umansky: Hi. Good morning, guys. I think maybe switching over to Singapore if we think about kind of the quantifying the effect of what the renovations at that property have already done, and Rob, you talked about potentially this property getting up to about $2.4 billion, $2.5 billion. In theory, once the renovations are done in the first phase of the property, where do we see kind of constraints being built in? Because if you look at kind of occupancy rates in the hotel rooms today and we look at ADRs, they continue to expand. At some point, we're going to reach a limit as to how many rooms can be filled, and then we're talking about trying to fill rooms with higher-value customers. So when we think about before we get to the expansion, where is that constraint, and how quickly do you think we can get there?
Robert Goldstein: It's a good question. I think unfortunately, it's probably an answer that we've seen that we never dreamed slots with a billion dollars on property that they're approaching that. We never dreamed that in this environment. So quickly after COVID, we reached the kind of epic levels we're seeing. The growth in the premium mass is powerful and I was enjoying Grant on the call last week telling us it's still a drop in the bucket. There's so much more to go. And so I think the growth will come out of this super premium mass, both rolling, non-rolling. I don't think ADR is all that impactful because hopefully someday we won't sell many rooms. This will be a product that is mostly gaming customers in the rooms. I hope the suites we're building are just exemplary. And I think that this product is only going to have more good days ahead. I used to do five as a goal for our Company as the decade progresses and it's very attainable. It reached $600 million almost this quarter in actual is very stimulating. It's very exciting. But the cash in capacity, it's already a problem for us in terms of slot machines. It will be a room problem. We wish you had more exposure to Singapore that's why we're building more products. This is a very, very special place that people gravitate to. And as Singapore does its job as a lifestyle, entertainment, exciting place to visit, demands have grown. So the only concern we have in Singapore is how quickly we get there. Once these fleets are unleashed in the market, they see it. I think we'll have some very bright days ahead. But obviously, it's a capacity constraint. You only have so many rooms, only have so many slot machines, and I don't worry about getting there. I just think we get there, we'll be disappointed can't have more exposure, and that's why we're building phase two.
Patrick Dumont: Hey, Vitaly, one thing, and welcome back to the call. I think the key thing for us is we have a very strong view of the future success of Singapore. So strong that we're investing a couple of billion dollars in this property and we're looking to do IR2 as quickly as we can. We think that this market is benefiting from a lot of the factors that make Singapore, great infrastructure, strong, stable government, great investment, great policy. And to be fair, you're seeing the result of it. And it's only our business, as many businesses in Singapore. And so I think that that's a very helpful indicator. But more importantly, the more other investment that goes into Singapore will help drive further visitation. So the infrastructure is already there. The real question is how many more hotel rooms will go in. We feel very strongly that the more hotel rooms are added will help add to the critical mass of tourism that Singapore already has today. If you look at the wealth creation going around in Southeast Asia, it's pretty substantial. The last four years, even during the pandemic and they're pretty meaningful. And there are a lot of customers that are new to Singapore, new to Marina Bay Sands, and they're affluent and very successful, and they want to consume and they want to take advantage of the Singapore -- things Singapore has on offer. And so we feel very strongly about the future visitation in Singapore. It's an interesting question, where is the peak of demand? We don't really see it right now. What we see is a supply constraint, right? When you look at who is trying to come to Singapore and the activities that are going on, we feel very strongly about future investment. We think it's there.
Vitaly Umansky: Thanks, Patrick and Rob. Maybe just a follow-up, switching gears to Macau. And Grant, you talked a little bit about kind of the base mass and the growth you've seen in the quarter is very similar to premium. But I think overall, if we kind of think about sands in Macau, obviously, you're very strong in the direct VIP business, you're very strong in the premium business, but where you have a massive competitive advantage? In my view, it's just your scale, which then talks about base mass and the higher margin available from base mass. If you look at the recovery in overall base mass, it has not been as strong as the more premium end of the market. Can you maybe give an explanation as to why you think that is, if you agree with that statement, and then how does the market maybe change, or need to change over the next couple of quarters in order to get some of that base mass back, which I think would benefit Sands relative to others in a much stronger way?
Grant Chum: Yes. Thanks.
Patrick Dumont: Grant, go ahead.
Grant Chum: Yeah. Yeah, sure, Patrick. Yeah, I'll take it. And I think first point is your -- I agree we have a huge advantage with our scale, but I think the scale advantage speaks to all the segments. I think if you looked at historically, how the company has developed absolutely the base mask with our scale, that has been a core advantage. But in the sense of how we described all of these capital investments that we're making, especially in Londoner, the scale we have on the quality of the premium product is really unprecedented. So I think scale advantage will apply to all segments, in my view. Specifically on base mass, if you look at our actual numbers, the way we break it out between premium mass and base mass through the recovery since the reopening after the COVID restrictions, actually they're not too dissimilar now in terms of rate of recovery from a volume and revenue perspective. But it is true that in terms of customer count patron hours, we're still missing more from the base mass. So really it's two things it tells you. One is the quality of patronage has risen significantly because the revenue per patron is higher than before COVID. And secondly, there is still room for that base mass revenue and visitation to further recover. And I think there are many reasons and it's hard to specifically attribute to one or two factors, but I think over time, especially as the economy improves and also so I think people -- the distribution of content in terms of the lifestyle, the destination attractions, all of the events, all of the non-gaming products and assets and events that are actually distributed out there, I think you see a progressive improvement in that base mass segment. And obviously, we will be -- obviously, best placed to capture that growth when that comes.
Vitaly Umansky: Thanks, Grant. That's helpful.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Chad Beynon from Macquarie. Chad, your line is live.
Chad Beynon: Afternoon. Thanks for taking my question and thanks for posting the slides. On Slide 44, the flags of interest remain the same as what we've seen in the past couple of decks, Macau, Singapore, New York, and you've talked through all these. There's been some recent discussions around Thailand and some even think that an integrated resort could open in Thailand, maybe even ahead of Japan. So wondering if you could opine on your views. I know early, but could this market be big enough? Could a resort generate the cash flow meaningful enough for you guys to look at the market? Any views there? Thanks.
Robert Goldstein: Yeah. We absolutely have interest in Thailand. To your point, it could happen quicker than Japan. I think it's conceivable. It's early days, though we still have work to do with the numbers and understanding it. It's a very, very exciting market in a lot of levels, and just the sheer size of population, the accessibility and the willingness of people travel to Thailand, it's obviously, I think, number one resort destination city in Asia. So, yeah, we're very interested. But again, it's early days. I agree with your comments. It could be faster than Japan, which is possible. Certainly, there's usually a lot of pent-up desire from both business and government to work towards us. So we're interested, we're listening. We're doing the work to find out what makes sense for us there and we'll keep you posted.
Chad Beynon: Thank you. And then on the P&L statement, investors are increasingly looking at EPS just given what you're generating and where the stock is trading. I believe there was a tax benefit in Q1. Could you talk to that potential benefit? And then any additional color in terms of will the tax rate start to look similar to what we saw in prior years, given your mix of Singapore and Macau? Thanks.
Patrick Dumont: I'll answer this in reverse. Yes, it will look more normal. It was a one-time item. It was related to reversal in Macau, $57 million. But the tax rate will look more normal going forward.
Chad Beynon: Thanks, Patrick. Appreciate it, guys.
Patrick Dumont: No problem.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from David Katz from Jefferies. David, your line is live.
David Katz: Hi. Evening. Thanks for taking my questions. When we look at the Macao strategy in view of the renovations that are going on this year, I would think about, you know, reinvestment credit referral programs that people are talking about. What's your philosophy on those this year? And do you dial them back until next year? Or how should we think about that?
Robert Goldstein: I'm just trying to understand your question. Will we dial back our investment programs because we're under renovation? Is that your question?
David Katz: That's right. Level of conservatism versus aggressiveness and sort of how you…
Robert Goldstein: No, no. We're not going to -- we will not dial back. We just may not be as aggressive as some of, you know, the competitive pressures on the commercial front right now, it's been talked about quite a bit. We're not believers in that approach. We believe we make our buildings the best in class. We have the scale. We have a lifestyle product. We just believe long-term GGRs will grow. We'll participate in that. We'll be very, very here into good margins, and that's an important part of business. But no, we won't dial back our current reinvestment strategy. We won't necessarily dial it up either to compete in the market right now. So this will be a year of reinvestment, as Patrick and Grant alluded to, both the arena and the Londoner. But we're not going to pull back. If anything, we'll stay consistent.
David Katz: Perfect. And I wanted to just ask about, you know, one of the slides we show your maturities, you know forthcoming '25-'26, any sort of updated thoughts about, you know, how or when you're approaching those. And that's it for me. Thanks.
Patrick Dumont: Yeah. So, you know, we're going to look to deal with. So if you go to Page 32, which is the page I think you're referring to, and you look at the LVS maturities, we should deal with those in short order. That's kind of our intent. And then in August of '25, we have the $8 billion that you see at the SEL level, and we'll address those in due time. We mentioned that we wanted to bring down our total debt level in at SEL given that we borrowed during the pandemic so you'll see us reduce the quantum of debt there. And then as part of the MDS credit facility, we'll address that in course along with the IR2 start. So that's kind of how we'll deal with our capital structure. You'll see us turn that out as we've done previously.
David Katz: Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question will be from Daniel Politzer from Wells Fargo. Daniel, you're line is live.
Daniel Politzer: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. First one on Macau. This is, I think, the second quarter in a row your mass shares declined a little bit. Obviously, there was a lot of different factors this quarter, but if you could kind of maybe give us a little bit more color. Is this really just disruption, heightened promotional levels? Or is there a difference in the customer that you're seeing coming into the market, or maybe something else altogether that's kind of driving the market share shifts we're seeing on the mass side?
Patrick Dumont: Yeah. I do want to point out before Grant answers this question, that when we have less revenue because of disruption, we'll have less market share. So I do want to point out that with the arena being out with less revenue and a slightly lower margin because of the impact, having some hotel rooms out, that our market share will be impacted because it's the same thing. So with that, I'll just turn it over to Grant.
Grant Chum: Yeah. I think it's hard to say which factors. I mean, you have a promotion environment out there that people have been talking about and that Rob reference you have, obviously, the disruptions that we've encountered because of our own projects. But on the other hand, it's also just looking at a very short time period here and there. So, yes, our mass revenues were flat for the quarter and the market grew 3%, 4%. But there's also a lot of factors that could have swung our way during the quarter and we would have been much closer to the market growth rate. So I wouldn't draw too big a conclusion from that. If you look at historically how we've sustained our share of EBITDA in a pre-pandemic, the market shares fluctuate, but we always end up back in that low to mid-30s range in terms of EBITDA share. And to be fair, let's look at a longer time frame, let's look at the scorecard for 2023, we achieved 35% EBITDA share against a GGR share of 26%. We were leaders in GGR, yes, but we were, by a much bigger margin, the leader in EBITDA share as well as non-gaming revenues, where we had 41% of the share of the market. So in aggregate, for the year, if you look at revenue gaming, non-gaming EBITDA, I think our performance has been solid. But quarter to quarter, obviously there will be fluctuations depending on those factors that we just discussed.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. And then just for the follow-up, I think you guys have gone up to 71% share of 1928 HK. I mean, can you talk about maybe where that goes over time? Is there an upper limit there and maybe some of the puts and takes to increasing that ownership stake?
Patrick Dumont: So I think there's an upper limit of 75% by exchange rules, although they do give waivers based on the size of the equity, depending on the name. For us, I think, as I said before, SEL is investing a lot for the future. It has a bright future ahead of it, and we'd like to own more of it. So you'll see us be aggressive, and I think where we stand, we see value in the stocks today meaningfully. So that is a repeat of what we said before, but I think you understand our conviction.
Daniel Politzer: Understood. Thank you.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Colin Mansfield from CBRE Institutional Research. Colin, your line is live.
Colin Mansfield: Hey, everybody, thanks for taking my call, and congratulations on getting the last rating up to investment grade during the quarter. Maybe following on to David's question about the refinancing, maybe just an updated thoughts on how you're thinking about the subordinated term loan down at Sands China. And I know there's a lot of liquidity up at the parent, but how are you guys thinking about timing of potentially taking that out of the capital structure down there? And then I have one follow-up on ratings.
Patrick Dumont: Sure. I think you'll see us deal with LBS maturities and the SEL 25s before you see any activity around the LVS [Indiscernible] term loan down to SEL. The one thing I'd like to point out is that it benefits SEL. It's a very favorable loan and allows them to have high-quality financing deeply subordinated at a favorable rate. So from that standpoint, the maturity is '28, and we'll see how it goes with SEL and what their needs are and kind of go from there. But I think we have ample liquidity up at parent co we believe to do what we need.
Colin Mansfield: Great. Thanks, Patrick. And then just one follow-up on ratings. I mean, obviously, the company fully back at investment grade now. And I think with the development pipeline that you guys do have ahead of you, I'd just be curious how you're thinking about any sort of change to financial policy as it relates to target ratings. I think this is one of the companies that could eventually get to mid-BBB if you guys so desired. So I guess how do you guys balance any sort of desire to have those levels of ratings as it relates to cost of capital relative to obviously, the development pipeline you have ahead of yourself?
Patrick Dumont: Thanks. So I think as we look back pre-pandemic, we spent five years working towards investment grade. We think it's very important for us to actually be investment grade. It gives us access to the largest most liquid debt market in the world, gives us a very efficient cost of capital, which in the long run provides us flexibility, but really drives returns on new projects. We have this investment rate balance sheet. It helps us in new jurisdictions. You heard Rob talk about several of them. We have the financial capability to execute on these projects. Our financial policy always been that we like gross leverage to be between 2 times and 3 times. You know, we've said this for many years. Nothing has really changed. It's our consistent view. I think over time, we're going to delever just because of EBITDA expansion. If you look what happened at MBS, it occurred, and our belief is that it will continue to occur at Sands China as well. So I think for us, the investment grade is very important. That gross leverage parameter of 2 times or 3 times is consistent with prior statement, prior practice. And I actually think, you know, we're very favorably levered on a net basis and on a gross basis, and we're looking forward to doing some new development. And I think that will fit within our leverage profile based on sort of the prior discussions that we've had about progression of funding and EBITDA development. So we're very focused on it. We think we can handle our new development, our investment, our existing assets, and have a very healthy return of capital program while balancing all these things and having investment grade balance sheet. That's our goal and that's our view.
Colin Mansfield: Great. Thanks again, guys, for -- thanks again for taking the question, and congrats again on getting fully back to IHE.
Patrick Dumont: Appreciate it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-24 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Sands Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode, and we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations at Sands. Sir, the floor is yours.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you. Joining the call today are Rob Goldstein, our Chairman and CEO; Patrick Dumont, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Dr. Wilford Wong, Executive Vice Chairman of Sands China; and Grant Chum, CEO and President of Sands China and EVP of Asia Operations. Today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements. We'll be making those statements under the safe harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results may differ materially from the results reflected in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we will discuss non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our press release. We have posted an earnings presentation on our website. We will refer to that presentation during the call. Finally, for the Q&A session, we ask those with interest to please pose one question and one follow-up, so we might allow everyone with interest the opportunity to participate. This presentation is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Goldstein: Thanks, Dan, and thanks for joining us today. Macao delivered $654 million of EBITDA for the quarter. The number would have been $40 million higher if we had held as expected in the rolling segment. It's only been one year since the end of COVID in Macao. We began in Q1 with $400 million of EBITDA. In Q2, we did $540 million. Q3, we did $630 million. The growth just keeps coming. We look forward to continued growth in both gaming and non-gaming revenue, which will lift in our market. SCL continues to own the largest share of non-rolling table win, rolling table win and slot ETG win. Most importantly, we have the largest share of EBITDA in Macao market by a wide margin. We believe the completed London will need and perhaps even exceed the earning power of the nation. Our future growth in Macao is tethered to these powerful assets, which will drive growth in the years ahead, whether it's rooms, gaming capacity, retail, entertainment, food and beverage, we have stellar assets. Those assets will even get better as we complete the ongoing $1.2 billion Londoner reinvestment program. There is an ongoing speculation of the future growth of Macao. Can Macao market grow to $30 billion, $35 billion, even $40 billion and beyond? We believe that it will. This underscores our confidence in the returns that we generated by capital investment programs in our portfolio. We are staunch believers in the growth of the Macao market in near and long-term. LBS has invested $15 billion in Macao to date. Macao is the most important land-based market in the world. A few reference points to consider, fourth quarter EBITDA, assuming expected hold on rolling play represents considerable growth when compared to the previous quarters. Our retail business in Macao has already far exceeded pre-COVID numbers. I continue to expect the gaming force on our business to follow the same path as Singapore and accelerate in 2024. Let's pivot to the MBS and Singapore. Seven quarters into our reopening, MBS delivered a $544 million a quarter. This is the largest EBITDA for one quarter in the history of the building. The power of this building is evident based on the results despite the disruptive impact of our ongoing $1.75 billion renovation. Disruption notwithstanding MBS is hitting on all cylinders with gaming, lodging and retail perspective. Slots in ETG's MBS are approaching a $1 billion annual run rate. Non-rolling tables are exceeding $20 million of the drop per day. ADRs are escalating and the retail component is delivering far beyond pre-COVID numbers. MBS validates the quality assets prevail and reinvesting in our assets will generate sustained returns. MBS has it all, our iconic building with superb decor and service levels, which attract the most desirable customers in every segment. At the completion of both phases of the renovation program, MBS will feature 770 suites, we previously had less than 200 suites. There is no denying its future. How far can MBS go. Our future expectations starts at $2 billion and beyond in EBITDA per year. As you know, we're bidding for a license in New York. We're receiving strong local support. The cost of the building will be in the $6 billion range, which enables us to develop a true five-star resort with [indiscernible]. This is a massive opportunity. We are very enthused about the prospect. Our bid is compelling. If we receive the license, we'd be in the ground as quickly as possible. Thank you for joining us today. I'll turn the call over to Patrick before we move on to Q&A.
Patrick Dumont: Thanks, Rob. We wanted to highlight some changes in the materials that we typically provide for the quarter. After discussions and review with the SEC, we will no longer be presenting hold-normalized adjusted property EBITDA in our press releases, SEC filings and supplemental earnings materials. These changes are being made to our materials for this quarter and for our reporting going forward. We believe that the analysis of our financial and operating results in any quarter will continue to benefit from an understanding of the impact of expected hold in our rolling volume segments for our reported results. We will continue to provide the impact of expected hold in our rolling volume segments for our earnings materials. Please see Pages 6 and 7 in our earnings presentation for an overview of the new presentation format. For this quarter, the quarter ended December 31, 2023, we generated $654 million of adjusted property EBITDA in Macao, a very strong operating result. It is important to note that we held 2.16% in our rolling segment in Macao. EBITDA would have been higher by $40 million in Macao had we held as expected in our rolling segment. At Marina Bay Sands for the fourth quarter of 2023, we generated $544 million in adjusted property EBITDA, another strong result. We held 4.57% in our rolling segment in Singapore. EBITDA would have been lower by $71 million in MBS had we held as expected in our Rolling segment. It is also important to address our margin structure as we held as expected in our rolling line segments in Macao and Singapore. In Macao, our margins for the fourth quarter of 2023 would have been 35.9%, an improvement of 100 basis points as compared to the third quarter of 2023, if our hold was as expected in our rolling volume segment. At MBS, had we held as expected in our rolling volume segment, o ur fourth quarter 2023 margin would have been 48.8%, an increase of 170 basis points sequentially. It's important to note that both in Macao and in Marina Bay Sands in Singapore, we are generating revenue growth, EBITDA growth and when considering expected hold for rolling volume segments, margin expansion. We are very focused on the quality of our offerings on further investment to drive high-value visitation to our properties on the resulting revenue growth and our margin expansion over time. Looking ahead, we are excited about our progress in our markets, and we are focused on growth for the long term. Let's move to the Q&A portion of our call. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] And your first question today is coming from Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Joe, your line is live. Please go ahead.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Rob Goldstein: Hi, Joe.
Joe Greff: Obviously, the premium mass had significant sequential growth and exceeded the base mass. I was just hoping -- can you talk about the progression of base mass recovery throughout the fourth quarter? And then clearly, what we're seeing out of information for the Macao market as a whole, in January month-to-date is nice overall mass growth pickup. And as you said before, Rob, the growth keeps coming. I was hoping if you can talk about sort of the relative performance of base mass in January and if we're seeing this hopefully anticipated pickup in that mass segment?
Rob Goldstein: Thanks, Joe. As you know, we don't comment on the current quarter. The numbers speak for themselves so the market appreciation in Macao in January thus far has been published, a very encouraging doesn’t it, a continuation of December. As for our performance in Q4, I'll turn to Grant to talk about the acceleration of base and premium mass. Grant?
Grant Chum: Yes, Rob. Thank you. Yes, Joe, the segment differential growth in the fourth quarter, we had 13% growth in premium mass and 8% growth sequentially on base mass. So I think base mass was progressing nicely through the quarter. It's just that premium mass had a great performance that exceeded that. If you look at the visitation trends during the fourth quarter, Macao actually recovered to almost 90% of 2019 levels on visitations. So I think the base mass is continuously progressing and building up. Transportation infrastructure has been improving. I think the demand to come, I think the desire to take advantage of the non-gaming events that have been coming on stream across our properties, but across the whole industry, have been very effective. So I think you should expect that growth pattern to continue.
Rob Goldstein: Grant can say also – Grant, why I ask is it fair to say transportation and Visa, the whole lubricant that supplies the market into Macao is getting better year after COVID. It seems to me as if the ability to get the desire is there, but also the ability that this improving daily. Is that fair to say?
Grant Chum: Yes. The ability to get there has been improving, but the desirability of the destination is even clearer. You can see that the domestic flight to mainland key Greater Bay Area airports has all but fully recovered. And if you look at our ferry statistics, passengers that we carried in the fourth quarter recovered to 93% of pre-COVID, but only 52% of our sailing capacity. So clearly, people are enthusiastic about coming even though the transportation capacity is still recovering. And that's also clear, very gratifyingly the overseas, the foreign visitation recovered dramatically in fourth quarter, especially from Southeast Asia, and that's great to see from Macao. And that's despite the direct flights from foreign countries into Macao, haven't recovered even by, I think, 60% in the fourth quarter versus pre-COVID. But the visitation now is getting back up to 80%, 90% of what it was before despite the flight connectivity still catching up.
Joe Greff: Great. And then my follow-up…
Patrick Dumont: Hey, Joe, it’s a -- Joe, before the follow-up, one thing important to note also, it's been a while since we talked about this. But we actually have capacity to absorb base mass business as it continues to come into the market. So when you think about the property portfolio that we have, the investment that we've made in terms of amenities, the tourism attraction for the base mass customer, the ability to service that customer in terms of food and beverage, shopping, entertainment, but also the fact that we have the capacity as that market continues to grow, we'll be the beneficiary of that. And it's important to note, because the market is not at capacity yet. So as more visitors come in this base mass segment, we'll have the ability to absorb it. Sorry, what's your next question?
Joe Greff: My next question is for you, Patrick. Obviously, it's nice to see $1 billion of buyback activity this past quarter. Do you view that as a sustainable level unless there's some huge volatility in the share price level?
Patrick Dumont: I think there was -- I think there was some activity during the quarter, and to be fair, I think we looked at the share price levels as an opportunity. When we think about our future capital return, as we said before, we kind of expect our share repurchase will be more heavily weighted into that. And so I think we fundamentally believe in the long-term value of share repurchases, the benefit of the compounding, the benefit of the share shrink, trigging that denominator. In terms of amount, I think we'll be measured across time. If you sort of look at our balance sheet, you look at the free cash flow we generate, we're going to look to be aggressive when we can. And I think we're going to run a program where we look to acquire shares consistently over time. But I think -- I don't know that we'll necessarily buy the same amount that we bought in this quarter going forward every quarter.
Joe Greff: Okay. And then one final thing, congratulations, Grant, on your promotion. That's all for me. Thanks. 
Rob Goldstein: Thank you, Joe. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Stephen Grambling from Morgan Stanley. Stephen, your line is live. Please go ahead. Stephen, your line is live. Please you may go ahead with your question now. 
Stephen Grambling: Hey, there. Sorry, can you hear me?
Rob Goldstein: Yes.
Patrick Dumont: Yes.
Stephen Grambling: Sorry about that. So you may have touched on this a little bit, but as we think about the renovations coming up for the remainder of Sands Cotai Central/Londoner. Can you just maybe help contextualize how that will compare to the first renovation, both in terms of disruption and then contribution? 
Rob Goldstein: Yes. I think we'll turn over to Grant for that comment. Grant, Londoner?
Grant Chum: Sure. Thanks, Rob. Thanks for the question, Steve. I mean, I think we can say in terms of the time line, we have already commenced the renovation of the Sheraton Hotel, and that will continue through the whole of 2024, and we'll hopefully complete sometime in the first quarter of 2025. And yes, there could be some impact from construction disruption, especially as we go into the second half of the year. And that a little bit depends on when the works are approved to commence on the Sheraton side of the casino floor, and also as well as the number of keys that will be our at any given time at the Sheraton. That said, I think we'll be managing this whole process just as we did in the first phase when we converted the holiday in into the London starting in 2019. So, we'll be well used to yielding the rest of the portfolio. As you know, the yields we're getting at the Sheraton side of the building is lower than the rest of the portfolio. So, we will be trying to not miss any opportunity to yield the rest of the portfolio whilst the works are going on. And this is something that we've been doing throughout these existing building renovations. Right now, the schedule is still a little bit fluid, just pending some statutory approvals. But at this point, our expectation is the first half will be relative normal and then expect to see some disruption into the second half. But then by 2025, we're going to be in a dramatically elevated and different position in terms of the entire Londoner. You asked about the Phase I and Phase II contribution. Well, we have done the bulk of the work in the public areas and external facade in the Phase I and the retail mall and one the two casino floors, but we only touched 1,000 keys out of the 6,000 that we have. So, the main difference is that Phase II is going to address the majority of the hotel inventory in terms of renovation and of course, the other main gaming floor that we have on the Sheraton side.
Rob Goldstein: Stephen, just to follow on Grant's comments. I understand the market is concerned about London disruption. It's a valid point. However, two thoughts for you. One is that I think if the market continues to accelerate like we're seeing January market numbers, perhaps we can overcome that by using other assets in the portfolio. But secondly, to Grant's comment, I think when you see the eventual transformation of Londoner, it will be a juggernaut on par with the -- or beyond. So it gives us two assets we think can probably make $3 billion by themselves. And while there's disruption 2024, 2025 in Beyond gives us something that's unique in that market. The number one and two assets are number one in on assets in that market for years to come. So, there may be some disruption but maybe market force can overcome that, but I think the end result is well worth the pain.
Stephen Grambling: That's all super helpful. Maybe an unrelated follow-up on Singapore. Looking at least at the visitation data, it seems like it was mixed at best, but yet you're still seeing that market grow sequentially from an EBITDA standpoint, revenue I guess, what are you seeing from China customers coming back to the market? Any initial reason how we should be thinking about that building into next year?
Patrick Dumont: I think I'm happy to give -- go ahead, Rob. Go ahead.
Rob Goldstein: Go ahead, Patrick. I'll follow yours. Go ahead.
Patrick Dumont: Yes. So, I think the key thing about Singapore is it's really about quality of tourism. So, we've been very focused on investment. If you heard us over the last couple of calls and what our investment thesis is, that the higher-quality assets we have, the higher-quality tourism will attract, and that's really on full display here. So, it's not about quantity. It's not about the full recovery. It's the fact that we're getting very high-value tourists if you look at Singapore as a market, it's incredibly attractive, right? It has a growing high net worth population. There's a lot of family offices moving there. There's a lot of business activity there. There's political stability, there's strong tourism infrastructure, it's got a strategic location, all of those things are benefiting the Singapore market overall and helping drive the business that we're in. And so for us, there's been a ramp from China. That's true. But there's still a lot more to go. It's still, let's call it, 50% on visitor arrivals. You may have heard that at some point, they're going to go visa-free this year. We're hopeful that, that actually occurs, which there's no way to know exactly how that official that it will be, but it can't hurt. But I think the key thing is just a very attractive market, but it really -- the results you see in this quarter in a building that was really under construction, didn't have its full suite complement and didn't really have a lot of the amenities that we'll have in halfway through 2024 and 2025. I think really speaks to the capability of the market and where this building can go. You heard Rob in his remarks about our view of the trajectory of this business, we're very bullish on it. But I think it's really just about high-value tourism. I wouldn't look at the absolute number of visitor arrivals and use it as a determining factor for where the business can go.
Rob Goldstein: I think Patrick's comments are spot on, Steve. We have limited -- we have capacity constrained building in MBS. Unfortunately, we only have so many rooms suites, which we got 10 times as much, but we don't. So the mass market tourism is as important to us as the right tourists in the market. We look at this asset as a $2 billion asset today annualized EBITDA, but we believe it can grow 10% to 20% over the next three to four years. And then hopefully, we can finalize our plans with the government once the government blesses another building, we believe that, that could open later this year and make us a $3 billion projected EBITDA by end of decade in Singapore. So we see ourselves now at $2 billion, going to $2.2, billion, $2.3 billion, $2.4 billion and eventually stepping up to $3 billion. We see huge growth in this asset. It's just beginning. We got obviously hampered by COVID, but to watch it growing is growing. Our only disappointment in Singapore is we just don't have more space, because it's a very desirable market and that building probably the most valuable in hotel building ever built in the world and will just accelerate in the next three, to four, five years until hopefully, we can tell you a finality, we have a deal in Phase II.
Stephen Grambling: Makes sense. It’s all helpful. Thanks so much. Best of luck.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you.
Patrick Dumont: Thanks, Stephen.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Carlo, your line is live. Please go ahead.
Carlo Santarelli: Thank you. Hey, guys. Rob, you touched on it a little bit just there, but I was wondering, obviously, there's a ton of moving parts with COVID and everything else, but $1 billion in Phase I at Marina Bay Sands. Returns on that product look to be very favorable, $750 million over 2024 and into 2025. I was wondering how you think about returns there? And then to your point there at the end of your last comments, when do you expect to have an update around the timing and perhaps the spend on the larger scale projects there?
Rob Goldstein: I'll just reiterate how much we believe in Singapore as a market. My comment is about $3 billion. We actually believe retainable when we opened this new building late in the decade. As for the update, Patrick's been right in the middle of that. So Patrick please take it away in terms of Phase II Singapore.
Patrick Dumont: Yeah. I think it's an interesting comment. I think the key thing for us is that we are an investment-driven story, right? So the more we invest in high-quality assets, the better service levels we have, the more we're going to have pricing, the more we're going to differentiate our product, the more we're going to have high-value tourists and the more our EBITDA and margins will grow. And so you're seeing that happen real time in Singapore. And so for us, I think we'll finish the third tower by Chinese New Year next year, that $750 million will go in. We'll saw some amenities that have to be done across parts of 2025 -- but by the mid part of 2025, we're basically going to have what is, in effect, a brand-new building. It's going to be fully renovated, and you'll get to see the full power of the suite product on the rolling side. You get to see the power of the premium mass and all the amenities that we have, the shopping, the entertainment, all the things that we're adding in terms of our premium mass lifestyle program that you can't get any place else. These are all very positive things and the quality of these amenities base customers want to be repeat visitors. And so for us, these investments will drive very high returns. That's the reason why we were willing to do and that reason why the board was supportive. You can see the trajectory of EBITDA now, we're not even done. So we think Tower 3 will be very accretive in terms of investment. You heard the numbers Rob just mentioned. We're very confident in those numbers. We feel very strongly, but that's where we should be going. And then in terms of the next building, IR 2, we've been in very close discussions with the government over many months. There's a lot of moving parts here, a lot of things we have to satisfy. This is a project of national significance. We want to make sure that everyone is comfortable with it and that we get all the proper approvals, and we're hoping in the next quarter or two that we'll get everything done. We've been making good progress. We've been visiting Singapore, and we feel very confident where we are. And hopefully, we'll be able to get all the green lights we need and we'll be able to et going soon.
Carlo Santarelli: That's all I need. Thank you guys. Helpful. 
Rob Goldstein: Thank you, Carlo. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Shaun, your line is live. Please go ahead.
Shaun Kelley: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. I wanted to offer my congrats to Grant on the promotion as well. And maybe speaking of promotions, Grant or whoever, if you could comment a little bit just on the promotional environment. I mean, I think this is a big question or theme that came out of the quarter last quarter and just sort of what you're seeing, particularly at the upper end of the premium mass segment right now? And in general, our premium mass market margins consistent with your pre-COVID expected ranges, or are they still a little bit below that? And what would it take for them to recover? Thanks.
Rob Goldstein: Grant? Shaun, that was good by the way. Thank you.
Grant Chum: Thank you, Shaun for the question. I think if you look at the competitive landscape, of course, it is very intense at the premium mass segment. But if you look at also at our margin structure, I think the way we've driven our business is no different from before, which is to really drive and elevate the product and to drive the content and the events that we put on across a whole range of sectors to attract visitors and patrons. And I do think that back to Patrick's opening comment, if you look at that margin progression, underlying margin grew another 100 basis points. We actually saw a good improvement in our mass margin sequentially. So we are dealing with the competitive market as any competitor does. It is intense, but we believe strongly that in the end, product wins and Londoner and Grand Suisse at Four Seasons are true living evolving testaments of that argument, that good product wins. And there are going to be fluctuations in the competitive intensity in particular segments at different points in time. But to have a sustainable competitive advantage and sustainable profitable growth, product and service and the content we put into the resort calendar are still going to trump everything else. And you can see that through what we've done at Londoner is already at a run rate of close to $800 million as it was exiting the year. And you can see that the way this is going, we will end up with a margin structure as we already are in Q4 back to the same level as we were in 2019. And then as the revenues continue to grow, you should logically expect that margin to continue to improve and therefore, exceed where we were in 2019.
Rob Goldstein: Shaun, can I just follow up on Grant's comments. My experience has always been the same. Regardless of the market, great buildings and great experiences always prevail. We have those in Macao. If you look at our EBITDA in Q3, I believe our EBITDA exceeded our next two contenders combined, which is quite a statement to the power of our buildings. There will be promotional issues occasionally here and there, so in the end, we have a structural advantage, which can't be undermined. We have more capacity for lodging, food and beverage, retail entertainment and gaming capacity [indiscernible] by a bunch, and that will enable us to avail both a margin and EBITDA basis. And so yes, there will be occasionally a promotional issue here and there, but it really shouldn't concern as far as our business. Our margins remain intact, and our dominance remain intact in all segments in Macao.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you, Rob for that. And then maybe just as a quick follow-up, last quarter, it was mentioned, Grant, I think in one of your comments or one of your responses, a little bit about a bit of an uneven recovery we were seeing coming out of some of the source markets from broader Mainland China, as some of the air travel reopening. Wondering if we're continuing to see that uneven recovery or just any other broader signs of the kind of where the macro situation sits in China? Because so far, and again, seems to be continuing through January. Seems like Macao is relatively unaffected there, but I wanted sort of an update on that trajectory, if you could give one.
Grant Chum: Sure, Shaun. I think if you look at fourth quarter, it did even have quite a bit. I think if you look at bans visitation from non-Guangdong versus Guangdong slides…
Daniel J. Briggs: Page 20.
Grant Chum: Are catching. Yes. Thanks, Dan. We're catching up significantly on the recovery rate in non-Guangdong. That said, it is still uneven in the sense that if you look at the breakdown by province, some of the wealthier provinces, have recovered way beyond pre-COVID levels of visitations, particularly in the Yangtze River Delta versus even Guangdong, the recovery rate is actually much higher. But overall, I think you can see an evening out in terms of the recovery rate in Guangdong versus non-Guangdong. And then also, I think the fourth quarter, the overseas, the foreign country visitation also started to accelerate and even out as well against the nearby region source markets. So I think you are seeing I think, a progressive improvement across all the source markets. I don't know, maybe Wilford, I don't know if you have anything to add on the China side in terms of the – the economy.
Wilford Wong: Yes, Shaun, China is still recovering from the tough COVID period. And –but what is evident is the company's quarterly performance has actually been trending well. We have seen as Grant alluded to, healthy growth in the number of visitors, especially from the non-confidential region. Now one observation is that when long-haul travels of Chinese travelers has not fully recovered, Macao is emerging as a top tourist destination for short-haul drivers from the Chinese mainland.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you everyone.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Chad Beynon from Macquarie Chad, your line is live. Please go ahead.
Chad Beynon: Afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask one, just about the retail portfolio. We've been hearing and seeing a little bit of pressure just kind of in the luxury retail space, particularly in Asia based on the numbers that you put out and I guess, the turnover rent that you collected, you're not seeing that. But how are you thinking about the recovery in retail? Are you getting the right customers in there now? And do you think this could continue to improve as visitation and overall spend improves in 2025 or 2024? Thank you.
Rob Goldstein: If you look at your deck on, I think it's Page 28 and 29, it gives you a pretty good look at our retail portfolio in Asia and be blunt about it, how it could be in half of these numbers, almost $3,000 a foot and a 600,000-foot more at MBS. Finished $2,000 a foot with 800,000 feet, of course, $9,200 a foot at the Four Seasons luxury and a mere $4,200 a foot on the non-luxury, so the answer is we are seeing our retail portfolio that's approaching $700 million of contribution and growing. Of course, there's discussions out, they'll be mentioned a slowdown globally. But it looks to me that I spoke to David, because they are retail experts. It feels like we continue to see opportunity to remerchandize and get better and better at the retail segment. We still believe that retail is a long way to go. Our buildings are a little different than other retail and that we attract a higher value customer both in Macao and Singapore, as you reference the lack of supply in Singapore. So I think that mall just keeps appreciating and we keep re-merchandizing it to be more effective every day, more luxurious, more upscale. In Macao, we've got work cut out for us in some of our buildings, not there yet in the Parisian. There's some work to be done, but I don’t know how you could argue with these kind of results, $677 million of contribution, and it just keeps accelerating. It compares very favorably with 2019. So we feel very bullish about our retail prospects. And again, it takes work. David Sylvester constantly remerchandize read things and reassesses the portfolio. He's got a lot of work to do. But the numbers, I think, are stellar and I think we'll continue to be stellar for years to come.
Chad Beynon: Thanks. Rob. Makes sense. And then just in terms of the hold, understanding that it's kind of random here in terms of luck or unlucky. Has there been any difference in terms of game play or you talk about kind of the recovery from the Chinese consumer. And I'm speaking of Singapore, but hold has been high now for three quarters. So is there anything that could kind of lead to maybe an elevated hold in that market in the near term, or should we expect kind of the reversion to the mean that we've seen in prior quarters and years? Thanks.
Rob Goldstein: I think it's safe to say this business always runs on mathematics. The mathematics prevail, and I wouldn't take three quarters as an ongoing trend forever. There'll be a dark day in Singapore will miss by $70 million, because we take the highest volume players in the world, people who bet lots of money. And some days, it goes with you and someday it doesn't. This quarter, obviously, in Singapore went with us. But I would caution you, I don't think that the betters are changing. In fact, if any of the there's more of them, more affluence coming out of Asia, and we're fortunate enough to have the capacity to handle all of it. But I don't think you can point to a change in betting patterns in either jurisdiction that would elevate or hurt the whole percentage. It will be revert the mean always. And Macao will come back next quarter probably and do $70 million higher and Singapore may have a bad quarter. Grant, do you have any comment on that? That's how I see it.
Grant Chum: That's exactly right, Rob. And people have relatively short memories. But in the fourth quarter of 2022, there is like $100 million plus adjustment on the downward impact from low hold at Marina Bay Sands. So I think one or two, three, four even five quarters is actually a relatively short period of time and sample size for you not to get potentially very random results that deviate from the expected normal hold. But I think it's fair to say, yeah, the mathematics always prevail. And given the scale of our business, over time over one year, two years, we should stay very much in the expected range. As you saw in Macao as well, we had the first three quarters holding significantly above the expected mean hold and then fourth quarter reversed. And for the whole year, we end up at about 3.3%, which is exactly where we expect it to be.
Rob Goldstein: And Chad, going back yeah, just to find going back, I don't know, maybe eight, 10 years ago, we had a horrific number of quarters in a row due to a few players, I think, was Indonesia or Malaysia and we lost obscene amounts of money quarter after quarter to them. And some people on our Board were concerned as they want to be sure. And we talk -- we looked at everything, and we're very comfortable. And there is a belief therefore a while that these people were magical and could be beaten and they lost back their entire winnings and then some. It always goes that way. I don't think you can ever get too emotional about this quarter, it's very interesting to see the Macao miss and the Singapore overachieving. But in the end, the games stay consistent, pairs and ties versus straight bets do matter. But the Asian gambler is special. And he or she shows up consistently and they're great customers. I wouldn't let the success of a few quarters change your views on the mathematics of backlog. We don't. So thank you.
Chad Beynon: Great. Thank you.
Grant Chum: Thanks, Chad.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Robin Farley from UBS. Robin, your line is live. Please go ahead.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you. Two questions, if I could crease it in. One is just any comments on Chinese New Year upcoming anything with trends approaching that? And then Cole-related just your latest expectations for timing of a decision in New York? Thanks.
Rob Goldstein: I'll take New York first, Robin. The governor, Governor Hochul, I think it was this week commented on seeing something happen this year. I hope that's true. We're -- as you know, are -- we've been working in New York for quite a long time. And we think we have a very compelling bid. But we don't have any great insight if that will happen. We sure hope the Governor is correct. And either way, win or lose we’ll get decision in calendar year 2024. That's our hope. But I think it'd be [indiscernible] any insight beyond the governor's comments. I think we just -- we worked very hard on this project. We believe we have a really good chance of getting one, but I don't give you -- I couldn't give you any guidance beyond that. Grant, Chinese New Year. Do you think he'll be any there for that? Will the year of the dragon bring anybody to the building?
Grant Chum: Well, Robin, I mean, we can't really comment on the current quarter and obviously, booking windows are short here. But I think you can see from the December holidays in these peak holiday periods, even though the end of December is not a big China holiday. It is in Hong Kong and some other parts of the region. But the ramp-up in demand during those peak periods was tremendous. So hopefully, that will be replicated through into this Chinese New Year as well. So there is a lot of optimism and expectations that this will be a strong one, yes.
Rob Goldstein: Robin, I do think, Robin, I think December was really great tell what might happen in Chinese -- December numbers that closed were just terrific. And again, you see the market numbers for January. So we're very hopeful that the year of Dragon is a huge year for us into the market.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you. And Grant, congratulations on the new role. Thanks.
Grant Chum: Thank you, Robin.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Brandt Montour from Barclays.
Brandt Montour: Good evening everybody. Thanks for taking my question. So in Singapore on the Phase II, I was wondering if you could maybe remind us the total room count exiting the year and then specifically with regards to disruption cadence what is the quarter-to-quarter and overall year look like in terms of how that will flow through the P&L?
Rob Goldstein: Patrick, do you want to grab that?
Patrick Dumont: Yeah. So, yes, sure. So I think when we finished the year, we were around 2,200 keys available next year because of the construction in T3, Tower 3, we're going to get down to the mid 1,600 in Q3, it's probably going to be our peak of disruption. But those rooms are smallest right now and really have our lowest yield. So hopefully, the impact will be minimal, and we'll be able to yield because of the compression to higher-value customers. The performance today on Sands has been quite good, and you think we'll be able to yield up in the renovated portion of the building. Sorry, what was the rest of your question?
Brandt Montour: And sorry, so then the ending key count when all is said and done with suites and normal rooms?
Patrick Dumont: It's mid-1800s.
Brandt Montour: Mid 1800, perfect. Okay. And then as a quick follow-up, just a broader question. We haven't really talked about non-gaming spending. I was just curious if you could give us update on your efforts on that front and maybe how your outlook has evolved for the return profile as we sort of go into 2024 on non-gaming spend?
Rob Goldstein: When you say non-gaming, can you be more specifically talking about retail, food and beverage, hotels?
Brandt Montour:  Of course, sorry about that. Yeah, with regards to the concession agreements.
Rob Goldstein: Oh, I see. Okay. I'm going to let Grant handle that, but I would say we are a little bit different than the rest of our competitors in terms of we've been spending money aggressing Macao forever for 20 years on entertainment and other things. We believe it's a huge value add. I'll let Grant take the question specifically. But I think, again, it's important to note, we are a different animal than other people in terms of this concession. We welcome it. We've been doing it before the concession mandate. I think it's been very beneficial to our company. Grant?
Grant Chum: Yes. Thanks for the question. Yes, I think in 2023, we went very intensely on investing across all of the non-gaming categories that we committed to in the concession. As Rob said, many of these categories are categories that we have been investing in involved in for a very long time. So I think whether you look across entertainment, we had almost 80 shows that we put on during 2023 with some amazing record runs attendance. Obviously, firstly, with the Jacky Cheung concert in Cotai Arena, and then towards the end of the year, [indiscernible] a singer in Hong Kong and had a great 14 show run at the Londoner. So it's probably set a new standard and precedent for many residencies in Macao. And then across other categories in MICE, in art and culture, in themed attractions and gastronomy. Across the board, we've been investing heavily. I should also give a chance to Wilford to speak to some of those events and projects that we've been heavily investing in as well. But suffice to say versus our original forecast for what we would invest in the first year of the 10 years, we greatly exceeded that during 2023. And we're looking to do so again in 2024. Wilford, I don't know if -- so you want to add to the non-gaming concession and investments we're making.
Wilford Wong: Yes. We have, in the past years, been investing heavily in the areas that Grant just described. And by a long way off, we are the leader in the MICE market. So we are still seeing a very strong presence of MICE activities in our properties. For non-gaming, apart from the shows, we've been helping to promote Macao as a destination, not just for gaming. Therefore, we have a lot of art exhibitions, cultural shows that really put us apart from the other competitors.
Brandt Montour: Great. Very helpful. Thanks, all.
Grant Chum: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from David Katz from Jefferies. David, your line is live. Please go ahead.
David Katz: Hi. Good evening, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. I'll ask to the both on one shot. If I could follow up on the share repurchases, Patrick, not asking about how much or when -- but just thinking about how the family stake takes a long-term view on where you'd like to be or how we might think about that evolving over time? And then second, since we last spoke on an earnings call, there's been an awful lot of activity and focus in Texas. And if you could share some of your views and thesis around what -- what the family's activities and how they might relate to the company and shareholders, that would be helpful as well. Thanks.
Patrick Dumont: Sure. So I think first off, I think we see value in both equities. So we're very long-term bullish. From a company standpoint, we're going to continue to be aggressive, as you said before, focusing on investment for growth. Do you see the success of our capital allocation programs, both in Macao as Grant just described in Singapore in driving growth in high-value tourism in diversifying our amenities and by creating margin and revenue expansion. So we're very focused on investment for growth. That being said, we generate a lot of free cash flow, and we anticipate to generate free cash flow in the future that we'll be able to use to return capital to shareholders. So I think the company will look to be aggressive and measured over time as we return capital share through share repurchases to shareholders. I think we've always had a dividend is not from the pandemic. I think we like having a dividend. We think it's helpful for shareholder returns. We think it's an important component of our overall shareholder value strategy. But that being said, we're going to be overweight to share repurchases. In terms of Texas, I think the most important thing is that Las Vegas Sands is actively trying to facilitate the development of integrated resorts in the State of Texas and through the liberalization of gaming. And so we're very excited about it. We think it's an unbelievable market. Over time, we hope that it happens. I can't tell you when it's going to be, but we're very focused on it as a company, and we like the opportunity to develop some very unique tourism assets, specifically in Dallas. We think that's a great market. We've been very focused on it. And we think the opportunity there would be a great one. In terms of the family's activities in Texas, I think we like the state. We're very obviously happy with our investment there. We're very excited about it. And we'll look to be part of the business community there. But in terms of LVS, we're very focused on bringing integrated resource to decimate resource, the State of Texas and the development opportunity that would exist there.
David Katz: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Dan Politzer from Wells Fargo. Dan, your line is live. Please go ahead.
Dan Politzer: Hey, good afternoon, everyone and thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to follow-up on Sands China and as it relates to capital allocation. Your net leverage there, I think, is around three times at this point. It should be much lower than that as you kind of make your way through 2024. How do you think about the subsidiary there resuming dividend payments up to the parent? And then obviously, your stake went up a little bit through the quarter through those debt repurchase. So maybe does that incentivize some of those dividends coming up sooner than later? Thanks.
Patrick Dumont: If it's okay. I'll take that one. I think the key thing here, as I just mentioned in the prior question, and as Grant mentioned, as Wilford mentioned, we're very committed to investing in the long term in Macao. And so our primary focus is going to be deploying capital there for growth. That being said, we are generating meaningful free cash flow there as we did in this last quarter. I think what you'll look to see over time is that some of the leverage that we put on the balance sheet during the pandemic will decease. So we have a maturity coming up in 2025. We'll look to decease some of that in front of the refinancing. And our goal is really to bring leverage down in terms of quantum, but then also our leverage is going to come in naturally as our EBITDA stands over time, which is our expectation. So I think once that occurs, we're going to start looking to begin the dividend again at the Sands China level. That's something that's going to be determined by the Board there. But I think overall, it's something that we'd like to see. And I think the goal is to begin that dividend in the years ahead. It was a very strong dividend payer in prior years pre-pandemic. And we'd like to become an investment-grade name there, keep that investment-grade rating, invest in the future in terms of scale and scope to grow our business there and then return excess capital through dividends to shareholders there. So that's the plan.
Dan Politzer: Got it. And then just for my follow-up, as you think about Macao, we've talked a bit about the margins and the improvement, more or less, it's been about 100 basis points quarter-over-quarter. As you think about kind of the trajectory from here, and I know you're on pace to get back to those 2019 levels how should we think about maybe the pacing of improvement? And do you think that operating expense structure is really in place at this point, you should benefit from scale here on out?
Patrick Dumont: I have one quick comment and I'd like to turn it to Grant. We've mentioned this a few times in the past couple of quarters. I think the story of our margin expansion in Macao is going to be based on revenue growth. As the market continues to recover, as tourism continues to recover as more high-value tourists come online, they see the types of high-quality offerings lab, they experience the amenities and the entertainment that Grant referenced earlier, we're going to continue to grow and expand our customer base. And that will lead to pricing, that will be to expansion, that will lead to revenue growth. So, from that standpoint, I think our long-term margin view is expansion because of the investment and because of what we just described. But I'll turn it over to Grant to see if he has some additional comments.
Grant Chum: Yes, Patrick, I think you covered it well. I think it's dependent on revenue growth as the market continues to grow, and we will be more than a full participant in that market growth. The margins will have a positive trajectory. I think we obviously have a more efficient and more productive cost structure today than we did in 2018 and 2019. So, we will -- we are benefiting from that as revenues grow and you get the operating leverage on the fixed costs. We will continue to do so. And I think it is very much about how revenues grow from here. And as revenues grow, our margins will have further upside.
Dan Politzer: Got it. And congratulations on the promotion Grant.
Grant Chum: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from George Choi from Citi. George, your line is live, please go ahead.
George Choi: Thanks for taking my questions. My questions were answered earlier, but do have a housekeeping question. Would you please remind us how the overran mechanism works at the Macao properties? Should we expect a normal uptick in the quarter? That is when you guys received for rent? Thank you very much, I will come back to the queue.
Rob Goldstein: I'm sorry, George, I think we missed that. Could you repeat yourself? It was unclear there was some difficult -- static, yes. Can you try again, George, about Macao?
George Choi: Apologies. So, I just wonder how the turnover rent mechanism works in the Macao properties. Is it a fourth quarter event? Is that when you receive your term rate?
Rob Goldstein: Grant, do you want to handle the fourth quarter turnover to retail.
Grant Chum: George, there are leases that are on monthly turnover rents and there are leases that are on annual turnover rents. So, historically, what happens is for those annual turnover rent leases as we get into the third quarter, the end of the third quarter and the fourth quarter, we will obviously be recognizing more of those turnover rents, as we hit the annual sales targets. So, historically, you should expect seasonally the second half of the retail rental revenues will be higher than the first half.
George Choi: Okay. Understood. That's all I have. Thank you very much.
Rob Goldstein: Before we finalize the call, I want to reach out and recognize the great contributions of Wilfred Wong, who is now Executive Vice Chair. Wilfred has been with us about eight years and made a great contribution. And Wilfred, congratulations on the elevation of Executive Vice Chair. Grant Chum, well deserved. We hired Grant many years ago, the big concern was, was he old enough to win the casino at that time? And over the years, he's aged insufficiently, so he did not win the casino. Congratulations to you Grant. Both of you guys have built a terrific team over there. We're very proud and grateful for your efforts and look forward to many more years working together. Thank you for your time today and interest in our company. We bid you adieu.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-18 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Sands Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed on listen-only mode. We will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations at Sands. Sir, the floor is yours.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you, Paul. Joining the call today are Rob Goldstein, our Chairman and CEO; Patrick Dumont, our President and COO; Dr. Wilfred Wong, the President of Sands China, and Grant Chum, EVP of Asia Operations and COO of Sands China. Today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements. We will be making those statements under the safe harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results may differ materially from results reflected in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we will discuss non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our press release. We have posted an earnings presentation on our website. We may refer to that presentation during the call. Finally, for the Q&A session, we ask those with interest to please pose one question and one follow-up, so we might allow everyone with interest the opportunity to participate. This presentation is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Rob.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks, Dan, and thanks for joining us today. Macao diluted $630 million of EBITDA for the quarter and we are only eight months into our post-COVID reopen. These are early days. We began in Q1 with $400 million of EBITDA; Q2, we did $540 million of EBITDA; and Q3 is now at $630 million of EBITDA. Look forward to growth in both the gaming and non-gaming revenue to lift the entire market. SCL (ph) the largest share of non-rolling table win, rolling table win and slot ETG win. We've always believed that completed Londoner will meet perhaps exceed the earning power of the nation. Our future growth in Macao is tethered these powerful assets which have all the variables necessary to drive growth in years ahead. Whether it's rooms, gaming capacity, retail, entertainment, food and beverage, we have stellar assets. There is speculation about future growth of Macao. A relevant question is, can the market grow to $30 billion, $35 billion, $40 billion of GGR and beyond? We are firm believers that it will and may occur much -- a much shorter timetable that anyone realizes. This underscores our confidence and the returns will be generated by our capital investment programs in our portfolio. We are staunch believers in the growth of Macao market near and long-term. LVS has invested $15 billion in Macao, which is the most important land-based market in the world. A few reference points to consider, third quarter EBITDA represents strong growth compared to previous quarters, as I mentioned. Our retail business in Macao has far exceeded pre-COVID numbers. I expect the gain portion of our business to follow the same trajectory as Singapore and accelerated 2024. [Technical Difficulty] MBS and Singapore. Six quarters into a reopening, MBS delivered a $490 million quarter. The power of this building is evident based on the results despite the disruptive impact of our ongoing $1.75 billion renovation program. Disruption notwithstanding MBS is hitting on all cylinders from a gaming, lodging and retail perspective. Slots and ATG (ph) MBS are approaching $1 billion annually, non-rolling tables are exceeding $20 million of drop per day. The ADRs are escalating and our retail component is going far beyond pre-COVID numbers. MBS is a testament that quality assets prevail and validates the thesis that reinvesting in our assets will generate sustained returns. MBS has it all (ph), an iconic building with superb decor and service levels, which attract the most desirable customers in every segment. At the completion of both phases of our refurbishment program, MBS will feature 770 suites. We used to have 200 suites before the refurbishment. There is no denies future. How far can MBS go? Our expectations starts with $2 billion or more in the future of annualized EBITDA. Finally, we're bidding for a license in New York. We have secured the Nassau Coliseum (ph) and the process of gaining necessary selling requirements to move forward. We're also receiving strong local support from the local community. The resort will cost in excess of $5 billion, but enables us to develop a five-star resort with unlimited appeal. This is simply an extraordinary opportunity. We are very excited about the prospect. Our bid is compelling, that we award the license who will be in the ground as quickly as possible. Thanks for joining us again. I'm going to turn the call over to Patrick before we move on to some Q&A. Patrick?
Patrick Dumont: Thanks, Rob. I would like to cover two important topics before we get on to your questions. The first is the long-term margin structure we expect in our Macao business. As the Macao market revenues continue to recover, our margins will naturally benefit from an improved business mix. This quarter, our Macao EBITDA reached $631 million at a 35.3% margin, which is an increase of 210 basis points compared to the second quarter of '23. As revenues continue to grow, we expect our margin to exceed the 36% of Macao business in 2019. This quarter, the Malaysian Macao grew EBITDA to $290 million, with margins reaching 40.1%. This is an example of a property achieving strong revenue recovery with financial performance and margin that reflect the improved business mix. The Londoner Macao grew EBITDA to $167 million during the quarter, with EBITDA margin expanding 660 basis points sequentially to reach 32.2%. The strong flow-through of revenue to EBITDA reflects the operating leverage of our business, once the fixed costs have been covered. The transformation to Londoner has created a world-class product that is a must see for visitors for Macao. We will naturally have some construction disruption in 2024, but we expect future EBITDA growth and margin expansion over time, so that's Macao. The second item I wanted to cover is an update on our plans for the return of capital to shareholders. Our Board of Directors has authorized a $2 billion share repurchase through 2025, and we're looking forward to restarting our share repurchase program. In the nine-year period from 2012 to 2020, we returned over $22 billion of capital to [Technical Difficulty] shareholders in the form of dividends and repurchases, which was split roughly 80% dividends and 20% to share repurchases. As we consider our future capital return, we expect share repurchase will be more heavily weighted than dividends. We believe repurchases will be more accretive in dividends over time as they reduce the denominator. We fundamentally believe in the compounding long-term benefit of share repurchases. So that's the capital return update. [Technical Difficulty] again today, and let's move to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] And the first question today is coming from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Carlo, your line is live.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, guys. Patrick, thank you for the additional color. Rob or anyone over in Macao maybe this one’s best for. But as you guys think about the base and the premium mass. It looks like in the quarter, you guys kind of converted some premium mass tables to base mass tables. And obviously, with the increases in visitation that makes sense. Is that something you expect to do going forward? Do you have what you need basically in terms of the premium mass footprint in terms of table count at this point?
Robert Goldstein: Yeah. The beauty of our business model is we've got plenty of capacity to do everyone. We will move to the market. As you saw in the quarter, we moved tables around to accommodate where we saw demand. But again, with the number of rooms and our table capacity, we can grow into any market in any segment that shows strength and that's what happened here. The truth is, I expect that to both move forward in the future and show growth both in base and premium. But our assets are built to be just this, which is versatile, able to accommodate the market. Grant may have some color on that's true of any market. The only difference in this market for me is, we did such a huge amount of table supply that we're very nimble. Grant?
Grant Chum: Yeah. Thank you, Rob. Yeah. I think the repositioning this quarter for more towards base mass tables, that's just a natural part of our optimization between the segments and of course, as you rightly referenced, the summer saw a big increase in visitation and the base mass business. So that was just a natural repositioning to optimize the table count. As you can see, sequentially, a win per unit increased substantially in premium mass up 19% and base mass, even though we reorientated the table count towards base mass, we also increased the win per unit by 7% sequentially. So I think that you can see very clearly that we actually did optimize pretty well for the quarter between the two segments in terms of table capacity and these numbers will change again as the market evolves depending on which segment is growing faster.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. And then -- thank you for that. Patrick, if I could just kind of follow up on the Venetian and acknowledging that there was some high hold in the period on the VIP side. But it's a relatively small number in terms of revenue. As you think about kind of the margin profile, the 40.1% margins in the period at the property kind of rivaled '19 despite annualized third quarter net revenue being down, I think, close to 18% versus what you did in 2019. If we think about that gap, that odd $600 million flow-through, getting back to kind of '19 net revenue levels at that property or any other property. How would you think about kind of the incremental flow-through on that incremental net revenue and perhaps we could obviously take it from there to get a sense for where margins could kind of prove out over time?
Patrick Dumont: So it's a great question. I think for us, the first thing is, this is what happens if you cover your fixed cost base. So when we were 70% recovered, we had to cover our fixed cost base in Macao. And as the market recovered and as tourism and visitation continue to grow, we will reach our run rate margin levels, which we always felt was in this context. So what do you see the Venetian is a result of a great product that has, is really an example of a property reaching a more run rate level of operation post-pandemic and the performance in margins that result. And we feel very strongly that the Venetian Macao is going to run as mass visitation continues to return to the market. Remember, Macao visitation is still about 20% less than it was pre-pandemic, we're down about 1 million visitors in the same period. So we feel very strongly about the margin potential. We're very proud about what's going on to The Londoner. We think the market is starting to understand that product operate it is, and we’re starting to see the results in terms of productivity in terms of margin. But again, in that product as well, we think there’s more room to run. So I think it’s a great testament to the team there, the work they’ve done to grow these businesses. But to be fair, we think there’s strength in margins to continue as revenue continues to come into the market through visitation.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you very much guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Joe, your line is live.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, guys. Before COVID, you guys used to disclose department margin ranges for base mass table games and premium mass table game ranges. I think base was 35% to 45% and premium mass is 25%, 40%. Are those margin ranges or the midpoint and higher still viable or does The Londoner and that ramp and clearly is in ramp mode right now, does that cause those ranges to be more middle or the lower end of that range is in the aggregate in Macao?
Patrick Dumont: So I think for us, because of the mix of business and where we're investing, we sort of run the business in aggregate. So what we're looking at is the 40% margin that Venetian just put up in the quarter and the 660 basis point expansion in margin that The Londoner saw as the market discovered how great it was, and we started getting more visitation and more growth. So I think for us, that's really how we're looking at it. Departmentally, I think we manage the business overall. And as Rob said earlier, we're going to shift assets to the segment that is most productive and provides the best returns. So I think for us, we're not really looking at that as a guide. We're really looking at overall productivity of our asset base in total. I think one thing that's interesting to consider is, so in Macao, room occupancy was 96% versus 95% in the same period in '19. But the thing that's interesting is we're actually driving more daily casino nights at higher yields per room. And so in the premium mass segment, we're seeing a recovery, but our base mass segment is starting to recover strongly. And this is really what you see is, the businesses that used to support Macao mass tourism continue to come back online after what was basically a three-year hiatus. So this increased visitation will drive base mass revenue growth, and we'll start to see margin return to a more normal mix. So I wouldn't look at the departmental. I would look at the recovery in the aggregate margin of the operating asset. That's kind of how we're managing the business, and we're trying to manage segments throughout.
Robert Goldstein: And then we look at EBITDA.
Patrick Dumont: And then we look at EBITDA, which is the most important effect. Thank you, Rob.
Joe Greff: Thanks. And then with respect to the buyback, that was great to see, Patrick. Do you look at that as more episodic or opportunistic? Or do you look at it as there's a minimum consistent minimum level or a consistent level per quarter per year that you would look at?
Patrick Dumont: I think we're going to be measured across time. I think we want to return capital through share repurchases in a meaningful way. We think there is a real benefit to reducing the denominator. We think it's accretive. We think there's a compounding effect in share repurchases. And so we're looking forward to do it on a regular basis. The amounts to be determined. But for us, you see the size of the authorization, you see our balance sheet strength. You see the amount of cash flow we're generating down in the business. And we're going to go out and be aggressive. I think for us, we fundamentally believe in the dividend. But if you look at that split that we had, let's call it, pre-pandemic of a return of capital story (ph), I think we're looking to be majority share repurchases and get that benefit. And so if you look at how we've returned capital historically in a regular and repeatable way, I think we're going to look to do that again.
Robert Goldstein: And Joe, it can't help, but be somewhat opportunistic as we look at the market. Our stock is trading roughly COVID levels, and we think our buildings are going to make $5 billion (ph) and more $40 billion, $50 billion in the next decade. It's hard not to look at the stock in [indiscernible], that's opportunistic. On the other hand, we also like to be long term and be consistent. So it's kind of a mixture of both. But it's hard for us to sit here today and look at pricing as if we’re close to Macao or half open to Macao and Singapore, not think there’s opportunity, but we also have a long-term perspective.
Joe Greff: Great. Thanks a lot. Thanks, Patrick. Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Robin Farley from UBS. Robin, your line is live.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you. I wonder if you could give us some thoughts on kind of what is holding back that lower spending customer. It sounds like transportation bottlenecks are no longer really the issue in Macao, if it's the RMB depreciation? Is that something we have to kind of wait for that to anniversary next year or I guess what do you think will change that the kind of visitor levels for that lower spending segment? Thanks.
Patrick Dumont: Yeah. I think it's interesting. If you go to Page 16 in our deck and by the way, we debate this all the time. I think the team on the ground there is very focused on it. I think what you'll see is that visitation is from China, excluding Guangdong is 72%. [Technical Difficulty] Guangdong is back to 92%, but if you look at the air lift, Macao Airport was only at 64% of 2019 capacity in the quarter, and Hong Kong was only at 63%. So it's a pretty meaningful difference and so frictional transportation difficulties are still real, and they're getting better. Customers can get to Macao more easily in this border than they could before. But we're still not back to normal. And so what we're starting to see is, I mentioned earlier, some of the infrastructure for mass store groups are returning, which is very positive, starting to see some of the increased volumes due to their visitation. Some of the higher-value customers, premium mass customers and the IP customers, airlift isn't great. And some of this airlift coming into Macao was domestic and some of it's -- some of it's international. So I think for us, as we see this airlift capacity recover, we're going to start to see more entertainment (ph), of course, benefit not only us, but also the entire market is where people are able to get here more easily. But I think the recovery story is not fully there in terms of air travel and in terms of accessibility. I think it's on the way, but it's not fully back.
Robin Farley: I guess I'm thinking that the air travel wouldn't necessarily be -- where the lower spending customer will be coming from there, and high-speed rail, I think is back to pre-COVID levels. So I just -- is there anything else that you think is impacting if that needs to change, whether it's policy in Mainland China or it’s kind of anything else outside of that transportation issue. Thanks.
Robert Goldstein: Grant, do you want to jump in here?
Grant Chum: Sure. Yeah. I think, Robin, the -- Patrick referenced 72% out of non-Guangdong, Actually, if you look at the regional differences between provinces, I mean there are some of the higher spending provinces are actually way above 2019 in terms of visitation and some are lower than 2019. So I think there are just some regional differences depending on the whole host of factors ranging from the transportation to the availability of hotel rooms and so on and so forth, and their propensity to go cross border in their trips. I mean this is the first set of summer holidays since COVID. And then, I think what you see is actually a very strong acceleration in that non- Guangdong visitation this quarter. So we're really up 22% over visitations, but within that Mainland China is up a lot more sequentially. And that is also reflected in the property visitations that we saw this quarter, the 17% increase in the base mass revenue that we saw. So it is picking up, but it just accelerated at a different pace from the premium mass, which as you know, came back right from the start in a stronger fashion than the base mass. So I think as more to inventory is actually opening up and the propensity improves. People know the Macao market is back with all the non-gaming investments and events that are driving the interest in the destination I think that base mass segment will naturally improve over time as it did already significantly this quarter.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. Thank you, all. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Stephen Grambling from Morgan Stanley. Stephen, your line is live.
Stephen Grambling: Hi. Thanks. This may be a bit myopic, but I would love to hear a little bit more color on how Golden Week maybe trending and how the pace of recovery has continued across different customer categories more recently, especially around these big events that seem to have driven kind of a step function move in the recovery historically.
Robert Goldstein: Steve, we traditionally don't talk about the current quarter. We'll keep that intact here as well. I think if you look at the numbers in the market as the print to see the strength of Golden Week’s [indiscernible] the numbers driven by the government and other sources. But we never comment inside the quarter.
Stephen Grambling: Fair enough. And maybe changing to something more specific [Technical Difficulty] would love to just hear anything around potential near-term disruption. I think that that's going to be starting in November and then when that might be felt most and when we can anticipate the re-ramp?
Robert Goldstein: Yeah. I'll turn to Grant, there will be some disruption, but we still feel as though the initial results, under are -- obviously, we're looking at it as a future hope that one of these prospects. Grant take it through '24, both [indiscernible] and Casino seeing that better and how we see it.
Grant Chum: Yeah. Sure, Rob. I think clearly, we will work to minimize the impact on the guest experience and the business operations, but this is something that we have managed many, many times over the years. And indeed, we did that during 2019 when we started the holiday in conversion into The Londoner hotel. I think you'll see some disruption on the gaming side in the middle of next year. And I think we'll be managing the Sheraton Tower renovation methodically and judiciously over the entire period over the next 15, 18 months. So as to really continue to enhance the yielding on the customer front, but at the same time, try to get these works done as quickly as possible. I think the intent here is to move forward and complete the renovation and the repositioning of the entire south side of the resort, the Sheraton Towers and Pacifica Gaming as quickly as possible. The sooner we make the entire resort Londoner, the better it will be for everyone, our guests, our staff, our business and the brand positioning. So the only other point I would make is, we should take note that this part of the property portfolio is the lowest yielding part of the entire Cotai portfolio that we have both on the hotel and the gaming side. So we do hope to be able to successfully manage to minimize the disruption to the business. But when we get to completion on the other side, in the first half of '25. I think the earnings power through the holistic and expanded experience of the Londoner and Macao will be significantly enhanced. That's the goal.
Patrick Dumont: Just sort of one thing to think about -- yeah, one thing to think about, so we're very focused on return on invested capital and growth in Macao. And so our anticipation is that the returns on these investments will be commensurate with those that we have previously and will drive meaningful growth. And by the way, the initial market reaction to this product really to what's been brought online so far really helps us with his view. Given the customer response and the performance of the asset in the long run, we believe that the completed Londoner, when it's done will be on par with the Venetian. That's what our target is.
Robert Goldstein: I'd also add the Grant's comments, Stephen. Just again, the size, the scale of our portfolio gives us flexibility. We have 10,000 other rooms, money gets seems to new customers, too. So I think we minimize the disruption and maximize the opportunity to deploy the rest of our assets to keep our business strong despite that. And to Patrick's comment, one of those things can be juggernaut, they'll be neck and neck maybe exceed those two assets that are going to be hugely important in the future. But getting to ‘24, while not easy, I think it’s very manageable to see deploy other assets in the portfolio intelligently.
Stephen Grambling: Thanks. I’ll jump back in the queue.
Robert Goldstein: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Chad Beynon from Macquarie. Chad, your line is live.
Robert Goldstein: Chad?
Operator: Chad, please check your mute button. Your line is live, if you wish to ask a question. Okay. We can come back to Chad later. The next question is coming from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Shaun, your line is live.
Shaun Kelley: Hi. Good afternoon, everybody. I just wanted to go back to the margins in Macao, and maybe that flowed through discussion a little bit more. If we look at it, it does look like flow-through just sequentially was a bit better in the third quarter here than in the second. I was just wondering, if we could get a little color on sort of maybe some of the mix impacts that drove that. Was that normalized staffing? Was it some of the non-gaming amenities, which are now kind of fully back on, which flow through at really good rates, like retail and hotel, was it sort of the base mass mix coming back? Just kind of how do you see it in terms of what maybe some of the factors were that drove that because it does look quite impressive.
Patrick Dumont: Thanks for that, and appreciate the question. I will tell you that there's a little bit of magic to it. It's called revenue increase 28.9%. So for us, it really is just more people showing up, spending money at the product, recognizing how great it is and increased demand. I mean it's a phenomenal product there last week. It really looks for the team, it’s really providing unbelievable customer service and it's a highlight for Macao. It's a great asset and will continue to grow. And for us, it was just covering the fixed cost base. We just had to get -- and it was not a known product in the market. People are starting to figure it out, and it's going to keep growing. And so for us, this was really just growth in revenue across all segments, that was really the secret to it.
Shaun Kelley: Great. Thanks, Patrick. And then, as my follow-up, I just want to dig a little deeper into the buyback authorization, obviously, a big kind of strategic change. Could you give us a couple of parameters. I mean pre-COVID, the company was actually pretty high on its sort of overall payout ratio. You obviously have a pretty ambitious capital program across potentially New York, certainly, what you want to do on this -- on the big project in Singapore, some renovation activity and some of the CapEx in Macao. So should we think and parameters of a payout ratio and maybe how could we put some numbers around that, if possible? And then also just help us think about medium-term leverage, just given you're probably the most under levered gaming company I've ever covered. So a big complement to where you sit at the moment, but obviously, it presents a lot of potential firepower there.
Patrick Dumont: So really appreciate the commentary of the question. I will tell you, so right now, we're sitting at about $5.6 billion worth of cash system-wide. Macao is starting to become very cash generative. Singapore is very cash generative. So the way we think about this is due to the timing of our development obligations and those cash flows, we will be able to do all. We'll be able to invest in our core markets and growth through organic growth and through redevelopment of key assets. We'll be able to do IR [Technical Difficulty] core. We'll be able to do our concession commitment to Macao and then we'll have excess capital and we'll pursue New York, and we're going to pursue other growth opportunities in new jurisdictions, and we'll be able to do it all because of the timing of the cash flow, the cash we have on hand and the cash tentative nature of our assets. So in terms of the payout ratio, as we addressed earlier in the call, we're not going to be as heavily weighted towards dividends as we were before. So if you look on Page 30, we sort of included a look on what were our prior return of capital programs looking like for both share repurchase and dividends. And on Page 30, what you'll see is historically, we were very dividend weighted. And to your point about payout ratio, we don't typically guide to payout ratio, but the point is well taken, we're looking really to flip it. So for us, the majority is actually going to end up being share repurchases, because we're very focused on growth. So we can grow the company's EPS through share shrink, we're going to do it. We can grow through capital allocations or high growth projects, we're going to do it. It's really an ROIC, and we're going to pursue it aggressively. And the good thing is we've got cash on the balance sheet. We've got cash center of assets and we have a historical program to provide you a good guide that we can launch off of and really hopefully drive real shareholder return in the future. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much.
Patrick Dumont: Sorry, one thing. Thank you, Dan. You mentioned leverage, and this is a very important thing. So prior to the pandemic, we spent about five years transforming the company to be an investment grade name. We thought this was really important. It gives us access to the largest, most liquid debt market in the world. It gives us a very efficient cost of capital, which in the long run provides flexibility but also drives returns on our new projects. And so having this investment-grade balance sheet also helps us in new jurisdictions because we have the financial capability to execute on projects we propose. So for us, we like being leveraged 2 times to 3 times on a gross basis. We've said it before. You've heard it from us on prior calls, nothing's changed. We still believe that. We think we’ll delever over time through EBITDA expansion. But more importantly, I think for us, that’s a key metric so that we maintain our investment grade rating for all the benefits we just described. So that’s kind of how we’re thinking about it.
Shaun Kelley: Thanks for that.
Daniel Briggs: Thanks, Shaun.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Brandt Montour from Barclays. Brandt, your line is live.
Brandt Montour: Great. Good evening, everybody. Thanks. So for Marina Bay Sands first, in your slide, you show flight capacity hovering around 80% recovered. Based on the momentum that you guys are seeing in that asset, do you still feel like you need that last 20% of China inbound to fully recover to hit that $2 billion run rate target. And can that happen actually while Tower 3 is under Reno?
Robert Goldstein: What's happening, isn't it? I mean, this quarter, we just did 490. I hate to say, if that's happening. Good question. We always need China, let's be clear about that. We always want more business in all countries. But I think what you're seeing in Singapore is a very diverse bunch of assets are coming together. I think the biggest story is the suite product, which we haven't -- you haven't seen it's pretty extraordinary. When it goes from 200 to 700 -- 770, it's just a very potent combination of great food and beverage grade service. It enables us to get a place we've never thought of before. The real question is, I think $2 billion is our goal in the future and beyond. The real question is, when you get more China, when do you get more flights where you open up totally -- the thing that we talk about [Technical Difficulty] it's been open about six quarters of now. If you follow the trajectory of Singapore, we're hoping to see anything after Macao. We're very early stages in Macao. Singapore opened up, it wasn't that powerful in the first couple of quarters. And it been along, all of a sudden, it caught fire and now it's certainly performed, we're surprised how strong it is and because the place is kind of turn up. If you've been there, it's got some real challenges from a physical perspective. So to answer your question, we think we can get to without more a lot more. We'll take all the customers we can get. We think this is user for an asset. It's one of the places you just want to go to. You'll pay up for whether a room product or the gaming opportunity in retail it just is going to keep getting stronger. Do we think it's achievable? Yes, but we prefer to have all airlift coming in and all the potential customers in trying to have business [indiscernible]. We just have a huge faith in this product. We don't think two at the end, at the beginning, we're in to. So I do think it's important that we look at it the cabin benefit of understanding. We've gone from a dead stop in January back to the very difficult times of no one coming to mere in nine months later about 80% of Q3 '19. But how much for they're going to go? I think a lot more. If you look at Singapore, this trajectory, I think it's very telling what's going to happen in Macao. So I think, again, another illustration of what's happening in was on Page 25. I think the retail side is just you have to look at it. I mean all you guys have spent time in about $3,000 a foot is a pretty good local mall. The four season Macao is 8,400 foot in the luxury segment and 3,700 of the non-luxury in Venetian (ph) Macau, which is not a necessary luxury malls to $70 a foot. So the power of the spending right now in the retail opportunity always seem to happen first. The gaming seems to follow us happen in Singapore to happen in Macao. But to your question, we have huge confidence in the future of MBS. And I think our investments will prove in the end we make works in many places is supremely strong buildings with great service and great architecture, and that's what you have Rosadi (ph) and MBS.
Brandt Montour: Great. That's super helpful. And then over on Macao, on Slide 14, it shows the win per visitor coming down quarter-over-quarter, it's the second quarter that's declined. Is that sort of wholly explainable by the reallocation of tables to base mass, which we talked about earlier in the call or is there any other constraints that you'd want to highlight why that sort of win per visitor is hovering around some of the quarters that we saw in 2019.
Patrick Dumont: Just a quick thought on Page 14. This is really driven by visitation by the number of visitors that we're showing up to the market as it averages down. But I would like Grant to comment if he had any thoughts, just for some additional color.
Grant Chum: Yeah. Thanks, Patrick. No, I think what you're seeing is the evolution of premium mass coming back first. So for the first couple of quarters after the Board has reopened, you saw the revenue per Macao visit arrival, which is what this page shows, upon skyrocketed versus the historical levels. And you're now obviously getting more of the base mass, especially during the summer, so you are normalizing. But it's important to note that you are still getting a much higher quality mix of customers even with that when you compare to the same quarter in 2019. So I think from this slide, you can see is 610 per visits arrival in this quarter versus 557 in the same quarter in 2019. So the narrative continues that you are getting that higher quality across every segment, a higher spend per capita. But between the premium and base mass, you're now seeing the base mass starting to accelerate, especially during those July and August summer months.
Brandt Montour: Got it. So just sorry to clarify, so it's mix to the base mass, but also more well-heeled customers that might be gambling slightly less, like families and such? Is that kind of a way to look at it?
Grant Chum: No, this is actually showing you that the mass revenue per visit arrival is actually higher than the same quarter in 2019. So actually, you suggest that the higher spend per capita is actually prevalent in all segments of the market right now. And that also shows through in the gaming. I'm sorry, in the retail mall that Rob referenced as well.
Brandt Montour: Perfect. Thanks for all the color.
Patrick Dumont: Thanks, Brandt.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from George Choi from Citi. George, your line is live.
George Choi: Thank you very much. While we do believe concerts can help to get incremental revenues in Macao. How should we think about the associated incremental expenses? And I guess more specifically, do you expect the [indiscernible] concerts at the Venetian this month to be both EBITDA accretive and margin enhancing at the same time?
Patrick Dumont: So one thing just to begin, and thank you for the question. Entertainment is a very important part of our business. We're very focused on using entertainment to drive premium as visitation and create the programs that our customers feel like they'll get experiences with us, they can't get in other places. It's a very successful thing in Asia. And in fact, we just recently opened a brand-new venue in The Londoner that allows us to do that in more scale. But so I think for us, these programs are very accretive. Directionally, we think more entertainment as high quality is good, not only for the market, but also for diversification in Macao and in Singapore. I think it brings a prominence and an entertainment glow to the regions. But I would like to turn it over to Grant to see if you guys any additional comments about an entertainment and cost associated with it.
Grant Chum: Yeah. Thanks, Patrick. Yeah. I think we've always been pursuing the entertainment strategy to create a better, more attractive destination and that hasn't stopped since the Board has reopened. In fact, we have been redoubling our efforts, as Patrick said, with the opening of The Londoner arena in May and June. So if you look at the third quarter, we actually did around 15 different show events with about 19 performances across the two arenas and obviously, in some only 13 weekends in the quarter, so there were some weekends where we are doing both a show at The Londoner and also in the Venetian. And we believe this is critical to driving not just the diversification in Macao and the non-gaming, but also to enhance the attractiveness and the propensity to come to the destination, especially our properties, and we can see the impact on our business. The economics of this hasn't changed and we've done this for 15 years. So we know how to calibrate the investment in entertainment versus the return we get on the overall resource spending. And also, there are different types of partnerships that we do in entertainment events, and that can range from just pure any rental to us being the actual promoter. So it varies and it's a calibration. It's analysis between the revenue benefit that we get and the visitation benefit that we get versus the cost and also depends also potentially on the entertainment partner as well, whether they invest or they want us to co-invest or us to invest. So that really hasn't changed, and we've been doing it for more than a decade. But what has changed is that we are actually significantly increasing the content because we now have a new spectacular venue in The Londoner for live music, which is already getting great feedback in terms of quality as any both for the audience but also for the office.
Robert Goldstein: George, I’d say, in my experience, entertainment is an essential component of any top-tier resort. You can never underestimate how powerful it is as a statement of the customer, longevity, commitment and honestly, for us, it's been stable. I wish regard how we can't do more because it's so powerful, just like retail, just like it's part of the package that makes people to come and visit. The reason why we have been so successful at the Venetian and it was true in Las Vegas. It was true in Lilac City (ph). It was true that anybody has ever worked. It's always been an essential component to be very tolerable in Singapore as well. So to me, it's not even a question, of course, how we do more of this stuff because it pays and pays and pays, very powerful.
George Choi: That’s very good color. Thank you very much.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks, George.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Dan Politzer from Wells Fargo. Dan, your line is live.
Daniel Politzer: Hey. Good afternoon, everyone. First, on Singapore, the CapEx, the $750 million for Phase 2. How do you think about this maybe relative to your longer-term expansion plans at the property? I know that's been pushed out and the budget is probably higher than it initially was. But I mean, is this more kind of a bridge to that or how should we think about that long term and maybe when we get an update there?
Robert Goldstein: Its commitment to Phase 1 because the product as good as it was externally architecturally, it lacked. Frankly, it was necessary that what happens in Phase 2. It's the best money we could spend to make that product successful and stronger. It's going to have enormous dividends in the future, the room product was lacking both from a size perspective, but also a finish perspective. Some of the casino space were just not very good. I always felt that MBS as good as was architecturally is lack of [indiscernible] inside the building. And in our business, great buildings, always prevail, and prevail for a decade and just grow and grow. So that money is money very well spent. It's not connected at all. It's meant to make MBS 1 a very powerful 2-plus billion product. We built in Singapore years ago, the speculation was that you'd never be more than $500 million, $600 million EBITDA. We're going to push through $2 billion and beyond. And I think it's a testament to reinvestment and spend money wisely. It doesn't have any association with Phase 2. Patrick, Phase 2.
Patrick Dumont: Yeah. Just to follow on with what Rob said, so fundamentally, we believe it's a product-driven business, right? And so that investment in quality, investment in innovation with great service and guest experience are going to drive the outside returns over time, right? So I think you're seeing that with The Londoner. And in Marina Bay Sands, the rules we just completed Tower 1 and Tower 2. The design is luxurious. It's residential, it is unmatched levels of service. These are the best things we've ever done, and they're basically saying a new standard for hospitality and customer experience at our properties. And to Rob's point, when Tower 3 is done, A Marina Bay Sands is going to be a hotel property in the world. We're really focused on it. From a food and beverage standpoint and from a retail standpoint, as Rob said before, from a guest experience standpoint, that's what we're focused on. IR 2 is going to be something different. It's going to be a new stand-alone development. It's going to have unique spaces, unique design, unique service, but it's something that's probably six months to a year away depending on how things go with approvals in order to get started. It will be additive to Marina Bay Sands. It will grow the market for us, be a different product and allow us to also have a live entertainment venue in Singapore, which is something that we really haven't had in scale before. And so if you look at the power of the Venetian and what we're doing in The Londoner with the venue that Grant mentioned, we will now have that capability in Singapore to drive high-value tourism to drive further growth and to really work that tourism that's related to live entertainment that we never really could do before. So for us, the expansion of Marina Bay Sands is a step function of growth potential. We're looking forward to doing it. We think it will be an unbelievable product. We've been spending a lot of time on it. And hopefully, we'll get a chance to start soon, but a completely different thing.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. Thanks. And then just moving to Macao. I think for the last two to three quarters, your non-rolling ship win has been kind of in that 22% to 23% range. Is this a function of just really premium mass being a bigger piece of the mix or -- and so we should think about this kind of edging up over time back to that 23% to 24% plus range or is there something different in this market? And I'm sorry to harp on 1%, but when we're talking $24 billion.
Robert Goldstein: You're right to harp on in, something we think about quite a bit. No, that your question is an excellent one, and we look at all the time, I was on the phone last night with our team Macao discussing its fast things we don't have an honest sans to tell you exactly why the entire industry seems to be down [indiscernible]. It's very impactful money we're talking about would be worth probably a couple of hundred million dollars used to us and go back 2% right, because it’s EBITDA. So it's going back. We just don’t have an answer. Is it mix? Maybe is it the removal of junket and that type of thing, maybe. But until we have a really coherent and certain answer, we don't want to give you a response. I'd like to believe that the oil industry trades up a point or 2. I'd vote for that. I'm sure our competitors would. But we didn't make it happen. We need perhaps -- it's very simple. The math on the baccarat games don't change. The customer best can change, ties and payers can change flatback change. So the point is, we don't know the answer ourselves. A lot of people scratched our heads until we have a certain answer we consider confidence. I want to hope along with you that we turn up to 24 again because it'd be a wonderful thing for us with our volumes, it will be incredibly impactful. We'd be at $700 million probably this quarter of EBITDA. So an excellent question. I don't have an excellent answer. We're working to prove it. Grant, any idea you add to that – that answer.
Grant Chum: No, you're exactly right. We don't have a clear answer on that. There's -- in theory, actually, but just a point to make is, in theory, the premium mass being higher, higher mix in the drop actually should be positive for the whole facility. And it could also obviously add more volatility to the metric. But I think Rob is absolutely right that we don't have a clear answer and in truth, I mean this is only like eight, nine months into a recovery where the segments and the customers, I mean, all that is still evolving. So I think it's also premature to make specific pronouncements on what should be the non-rolling total percentage range. So right now, the numbers are what they are. But as you rightly referenced, as Rob also said 0.5 point of different, not even just 1 point, makes a tremendous difference to the numbers, the EBITDA, the margin, et cetera. So we're closely watching this, but there's no clear answer we can give on that in terms of why the whole percentage is where it is versus before.
Robert Goldstein: Really in the new world in Macao, and I think people really don't understand. I think it's fast people understand how quickly this thing is reopened. I mean I know you know it, but the problem is Vegas open, regionals open, simple and quite a while ago, Macao was near the game. It's going to open for eight months, 8.5 months. So things are evolving and turning, it's happening quickly. Again, I think it's an instructive look at the trajectory of what happened in Singapore go back to eight months after it open, and you watch us happen double that time it's incredibly, I think, interesting to see the comparisons. I think this whole percentage thing is evolving. And we don't know we'll be wonderful to find out, we're back in '24 in Q2 would be wonderful. But without certainty, we will only give you an answer which we don't have clarity on ourselves, and we do we’re happy to share with the market.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. I appreciate all the detail and the perspective. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And the last question today is coming from David Katz from Jefferies. David, your line is live.
David Katz: Hi. Good day, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to go back on one detail. I'm not sure if you discussed this, but I'm just looking at the historical margin levels in Singapore, which were north of 50. Could you just talk about the puts and takes of getting back to that level again or if there's some specific headwinds? And then I have one quick follow-up.
Patrick Dumont: No problem. I think one thing to highlight is that there was an increase in our tax rate by 3 percentage points and then there was a 1% GST. So what you see there is the impact of that along with inflation of the market. We've been able to manage expenses, manage business mix, manage pricing and push the business to be better. But our long term there is going to be with strong margins, with revenue growth just based on our investment and what we're seeing in the market. So we sort of manage the productivity yield and return on invested capital. Obviously, we look at margins and do our best. But we like where this business is going, and we think the future is very strong.
David Katz: Understood. And as my follow-up, with the very, very good quarter that you had, and it's not just for your stuff, but many in our coverage, the market seems to expect some macro pressure in the future. And it's almost an obligatory question for all of our management teams. Are you seeing anything or providing anything that would validate any macro pressure at this point.
Patrick Dumont: So I'll tell you what's interesting. You heard up Rob earlier reference our retail productivity. We are in very fortunate markets. So Singapore is an unbelievable place to do business. It's just a great place to visit as a tourist. There's a lot of exciting things to do there. It's a great business environment to trade and I think Singapore has benefited from its years of investment in the structure and people are going there and people are going there and consuming. And so we don't have a huge physical plant there. We've got 2,500 hotel rooms are going down as we add more suites. And I think in, Macao, we're less than 1% penetration in the market. And so when you look at business and leisure tourism opportunities, I don't know that we're impacted like a broad-based consumer staple. I think we're for a narrower segment, we don't appeal to everyone, but I think we're a great tourism assets in both of our markets. And we've continued to see growth through different cycles, because of who we appeal to and the volumes that we need to be successful.
David Katz: Got it. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-19 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Sands' Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. We will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations at Sands. Sir, the floor is yours.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you and thanks for joining us today. Joining the call today are Rob Goldstein, our Chairman and CEO; Patrick Dumont, our President and COO; Dr. Wilfred Wong, the President of Sands China, and Grant Chum, EVP of Asia Operations and COO of Sands China. Today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements. We will be making those statements under the Safe Harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results may differ materially from the results reflected in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we will discuss non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP financial measure are included in our press release. We have posted an earnings presentation on our website. We may refer to that presentation during the call. Finally, for the Q&A session, we ask those with interest to please post one question and one follow-up, so we might allow everyone with interest the opportunity to participate. This presentation is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you, Dan, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today. The powerful recovery taking place in Macao and Singapore is evident in our results. We believe it's early days and there's still room to run in both those markets. We continue to invest in both markets for our future growth. We do have a structural advantage in Macao based on our scale. As the market accelerates, we will be a major beneficiary in the future. Singapore continues to do well despite two impediments. We're in the midst of $1 billion renovation, which does impact adversely the results in Singapore. In addition, we haven't seen a full return of the Chinese premium mass segment yet. This iconic building has a very bright future. Cash flow recovery is in full bloom. So it's very, very enjoyable to say, yay, dividends. Let's go to some Q&A. First question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] And the first question today is coming from Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Joe, your line is live.
Joe Greff: Hey, everyone.
Rob Goldstein: Hi, Joe.
Joe Greff: Rob, Patrick, Dan, and the team in Macao, I'd love to get your view on margins in Macao, both within the quarter. And then just broadly how you're thinking about it going forward. When you look at the months within the 2Q, was there a differential between margins exiting the quarter in June versus the first couple of months? And then related to that, I'm assuming you're under the belief and impression that monthly GGRs can continue to grow sequentially. I would imagine in the summer months that would follow typical sequential seasonal trends, and margins from here probably have more upsides than downsides from 2Q levels. So my question is specifically this going forward, how do you think about the flow-through on incremental revenue growth from here? And then I have a follow-up.
Rob Goldstein: Yeah. Joe, I'll start and then turn over to Grant for the margin discussion. Obviously, we do believe that the market is starting to get stronger, and you saw that in our numbers. Our June results were the strongest, almost $200 million of EBITDA in June alone, so we had acceleration in the quarter. Our numbers, I think, speak for themselves, they speak loudly. Six months ago we were virtually closed, and in the month of June, again, we do $200 million EBITDA. And visitation increases in the town. I think the visitation issue is going to drive obviously the GGR escalation. I just do believe we will be the beneficiary because of our scale and $15 billion of investment will pay off quite well. We have adequate room to run because we have capacity in every segment of the gaming and nongaming. We have, I think, a very strong advantage in that regard. So, again, we think as the GGRs escalate from more visitation, we will be a major beneficiary. As to margin, Grant, I hope you're awake in Macao. Please answer that.
Grant Chum: Thanks, Rob. Yeah, Joe, margin obviously has continued to improve as we grow the revenues on optimal cost structure. Normalized margins up about 240 basis points quarter-on-quarter. And I think that will continue to rise as revenues continue to recover. We do have a more profitable business mix than 2019, as does the whole industry because we have a greater proportion of mass relative to VIP. But recall, relative to the industry, we always had a much greater proportion of our GGR in mass. So 87% of our GGR this quarter is in mass versus 71% in Q2 of 2019. And also the shift between gaming and nongaming, and recall, we're the dominant revenue generator in nongaming in the industry, and nongaming is rising as a percentage of our revenues going from 17% in 2019 to 22% this quarter, so both of these mix shifts are positive for margin. We are, obviously, reinvesting our revenues back into the business to increase our capability to handle more visitors, chiefly increasing our headcount to service more hotel rooms. That's for sure one of the things that we've achieved this quarter where our room operating capacity was back to 10,700 rooms on average for the quarter. And as we go into the summer, as we discussed last time, we're heading back to 12,000 rooms in terms of our operable hotel room capacity, so that entire labor shortage issue has dissipated as an impediment. And then in terms of intra-quarter, margins are related to the revenue recovery rate, and June was the standout month for sure for us. We recovered for the second quarter as a whole, as you can see, 85% of 2019 levels in terms of mass revenues for the second quarter. But in June, our mass revenue were about 97%, almost at full recovery to June 2019. So the acceleration in June was really very broad-based. We saw underlying visitation recovery obviously, Macao visitation recovering to almost 70% of 2019. And all of our key volume metrics were up significantly against April and May, so our non-rolling drop increased 15% against April-May. In June, slot handle was up 9% and rolling volume was up 10%, so across the board we saw a very sharp acceleration in June.
Joe Greff: Great. Thank you.
Rob Goldstein: But also reference page 14 of the deck, I think the structure to look at what's happening in the provinces beyond Guangdong and non-Guangdong visitation and lack of penetration. It's just early days, this recovery. And I think if you look at '14, it gives you a really good snapshot of what we believe is the beginning of a strong recovery. Hopefully, this summer will evidence more and more return to pre-pandemic numbers in the non-Guangdong visitation. And that's going to fuel this business. As you know, we have the capacity, gaming, non-gaming to participate across the board. And that's what we believe will happen, that will impact margins, but also in our mind, that's an inevitable factor in Macao, six months into this recovery, and we're still way behind in terms of visitation.
Joe Greff: Great. My follow-up question is, we've seen within Mainland China more mixed macroeconomic performance year-to-date. And yet at the same time in Macao, gross gaming revenues, visitation, retail sales, pretty much most metrics have steadily improved. How do you reconcile the disconnect between China macro and the fundamentals on the ground in Macao? And how do you see that relationship playing out going forward?
Rob Goldstein: So obviously, we prefer a strong macro economy in China. We're hoping for that in the future, but we can perform and will perform even if the recovery is slower than our business. We'd like to see it come back quickly. But as you see in other businesses, so that will be matures numbers, you see other retail members. The retail market, our business doesn't require -- everyone's been making a strong economic recovery because certain segments can make it happen. But again, we're hoping for a strong rebound and a stronger macro that would impact us positively. I still believe this market will continue to grow in spite of a slower recovery than we like in that region.
Joe Greff: Thank you.
Rob Goldstein: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Robin Farley from UBS. Robin, your line is live.
Arpine Kocharian: Hi. Thank you. This is actually Arpine for Robin. I was wondering if you could talk about average spend for mass customer and where you expect that to sort of normalize, thinking about the fact that a portion of higher spender in VIP obviously ends up in mass, but also that as you open up more hotel room capacity, that ramps up probably higher percentage of grind mass returns to Macao. How do you think about that more normalized spend per mass customer, looking forward into the back half?
Rob Goldstein: Grant?
Grant Chum: Yes. Thanks for the question. I think you can see from the results that premium mass recovered still faster than the base mass. But sequentially, base mass still grew strongly on the back of improving visitation. And as you alluded to, I think as room inventory increases, we're able to cater to more visitors. I would say the spend per head directionally continues to be very strong across both premium mass and base mass. So whilst, obviously, as the base mass picks up, you'll see more of a mix shift, I think, over time. But within each of the segments, spend per head is actually rising. So we are getting high-quality, high-value tourists into Macao at this point. And also, we're broadening this to high-value foreign tourism as well. So we can see strong results this quarter again in terms of the high-end foreigners. So I would say at this stage, the higher-valued segments are growing, recovering still at a faster rate. Base mass is picking up as visitation grows and hotel capacity increases. But within each of the segments, i.e., both premium mass and base mass, the spending is actually continues to be very high, and indeed, spend per visitor is heading in a positive direction.
Arpine Kocharian: Great. Thank you, Grant. And just one quick follow-up. With your dividend restated here, I was wondering if you could update us on your overall kind of capital return strategy and how you think about buybacks. Thank you.
Patrick Dumont: Hi. How are you? So I think when we view the business in terms of capital allocation, we feel like we have a lot of good opportunities really for big growth, both Macao and Singapore. And that investment will continue to drive our expansion of non-gaming amenities and drive our cash flow. But we also think that we're going to be able to return a lot of capital in the future. We were a very shareholder-friendly company in the past. We're very focused on return on capital. But I think when you look at our prior program and what we're looking to do going forward, I think we'll probably look to have more of a balance between share repurchase and dividends. I think when we talk about the dividend size, it was something that -- there's plenty of room for investments in the future. It allows us to grow over time, which is our focus to really grow our asset base and grow our cash flow capacity. But it also allows for future share repurchases, which is something we're motivated to do. I think the dividend size today gives us flexibility with our capital allocation. And really, over time, we intend to shrink the share count. I think having a balanced capital return program is very important for us. We talked about it with the Board. I think management is very focused on it. We'll probably look to be more programmatic about share repurchase than we have been in the past. And I think really this gives us the flexibility to repurchase more shares over time and to really address our capital expenditure needs. So I think what we're going to try to do is allocate capital to growth, which we think we have a lot of opportunities that are unique for our company. Focus on the dividend as it corresponds to our program as we always have, but allow ourselves to have more balance, more flexibility in the future to do more programmatic share repurchases and really shrink that share count.
Arpine Kocharian: Thank you. Very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Your line is live.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, everybody. Thanks. Robert or maybe one of the guys in Macao, I was wondering, as kind of the market has shifted and you've seen a couple of quarters that at least look more normalized, as operators who may have been more VIP-focused in the past or certainly more mix towards VIP relative to you guys, have you seen any change in behavior as it pertains to kind of mass reinvestment levels across the market wide?
Rob Goldstein: Yes. Grant, why don't you take that?
Grant Chum: Sure. Yes. Thanks for the question. I think on the whole, we see a very stable competitive environment. I think all of the operators, the entire industry is continue to invest in non-gaming and diversification and bringing about, I think, a really stellar event programming into the market, which is helpful, I think, not just for growing the tourism economy, but also increasing the business volumes for all of the operators. So I think you're seeing the positive results from that investment in non-gaming and events programming, even in this past three months, not least in terms of our non-gaming programming that we put in place has been really driving business levels and visitation. In terms of reinvestments, yes, I think it's relatively similar to what we've seen in the recent quarters. Clearly, it's become -- continues to be actually, always been a very competitive market in premium mass and will continue to be. But I think there's very rational behavior amongst the operators in the industry in general, led by the larger players. But as I said, the focus of the industry has been to reinvest in the non-gaming programming, and that's been a tremendous driver to the recovery so far.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you for that. And then if I could, as a follow-up, just in terms of the expansion at Marina Bay Sands, I know you guys were going through some stuff and reviewing some budget needs and design plans and everything else. Is there anything you guys could share at this point in time with how we should be thinking about that time line, spend, et cetera?
Patrick Dumont: Sure. First off, we're -- we have very strong feelings about the future success of Singapore. If you look at the results from the quarter, look at the visitation that we have, the type of customer we have coming through the building and the fact that China has not fully recovered, and if you look at sort of the nature of where Singapore sits today in the confluence of events in terms of the growing economies in Southeast Asia, we have a very strong view that the future of Singapore is positive. And so we're very motivated to make an investment there and expand our capacity at Marina Bay Sands. Right now, we're in discussions with the government about what the final form of our project will look like. There's obviously been a lot of change to the market in terms of market potential, the government's goals around high-value tourism, and to be fair, the way we want to grow into that market. And so there's some adjustments that we're making. And hopefully, we'll have a better sense of what that will look like in the upcoming quarters. But right now, we're in discussions and hope we have a chance to continue with the final version of our project in the short-term. We're looking forward to getting started.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you, Patrick. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Stephen Grambling from Morgan Stanley. Stephen, your line is live.
Stephen Grambling: Hey, thanks. As a follow-up on Macao, the $200 million number you mentioned in June, is that a clean number that you would think of to build off of, given normal seasonality? Or should we see that build as base mass continues to recover?
Rob Goldstein: What was the second portion, the last part, last thing you said. Recover?
Stephen Grambling: I guess it's a question of as base mass continues to recover, how should it impact that $200 million number?
Rob Goldstein: It should go up. I think that -- the reason we called that out is because obviously, a strong month, especially in light of the seasonality of June not being a great one. But look, our position is simple. We think Macao will just continue to get stronger. And the recoveries will be predicated on visitation in all segments. And again, our advantage is very structural and very different offers. We have capacity to grow, base mass, premium mass, ropes, retail, everything you think of these customers want, we have the product to service that, that does the business of our competitor. So I think June is the beginning, and hopefully the summer will be evidence of that. We'll see how July, August, September holds up. But our story is pretty simple, more visitation, especially more base mass, more penetration into China will yield bigger GGR and we'll be a huge recipient of that. And I think that's just what we believe in partly. I guess I take comfort in fact, again, six months ago, we weren't sure we'd open. We had basically a closed business in December '22. Here we are in summer of '23, looking at a $2.4 billion run rate. Just based on June, we believe that could accelerate. So we were firm believers in Macao. Always have been. We never vastly in our belief that that market is just special. And the recovery in China is slower, in general, for all segments and probably, but it's coming on now and the summer will be a great indicator how fast to get back to $26 billion, $30 billion, $32 billion. I don't know what the peak is, but just the acceleration will be evidenced this summer. And again, we are in just very, very good position on having target assets to put to work in Macao. Plenty of rooms, the rooms are all open. The retail is open and functioning, slots and tables. So as the market grows, we should be a pretty big beneficiary from that new demand is coming.
Stephen Grambling: And so just to be clear, you don't -- do you think that there was any kind of one-time benefits in June, whether it's Jackie Chung or other things that could have been driving that? And so that may have been an outsized number? Or is that -- you're saying that is a clean number to build off of?
Patrick Dumont: So I think the key thing to note is that we've had these non-gaming what we call lifestyle programs, which includes entertainment and other activations for years. And they're very successful pre-pandemic because we were able to connect with their customers and bring in very high value tourists in those high frequent. And so we've started those programs again. And so the concept you just referred to is very popular. And I could let Grant comment on that or Wilfred comment on it. But I think the key thing for this is our non-gaming programs are working. That the investment in non-gaming, that the activations, that the driving customer visitation through social media is working. And so the visitation of high-value customers flows through with our results in that month. I think the interesting thing is, air traffic to Macao and to Hong Kong is like around 50% of where it was pre-pandemic. So our story is one of visitation. It was led by higher value customers on premium mass. But now as people can begin the trial of the Macao more easily and more frequently, they're starting to return. They're starting to consume all of our different amenities, not only the hotels, but the concerts, the food and beverage, the retail, all of it's working. And so we'd like to believe we can grow from that number materially as our base mass non rate of play returns as more premium mass customers show up. And as Grant said earlier in the call, more of our hotel rooms come online. So we think we've invested to the pandemic and very high-quality products. The customer response has been very strong. And we're little priced through it. So we'd like to believe that there is margin room there. We'd like to believe that as we activate our non-gaming activities that will draw more customers to concerts and other events, and then that will continue to grow overall the desirability and visitation of Macao. Grant, do you have anything to add?
Grant Chum: Yes. Thanks, Patrick. Yes, I mean, as you rightly say, we've had a very long track record going back 16 years in terms of posting world-class entertainment events at The Venetian Cotai Arena. And this was always part of our lifestyle programming. Jackie has been terrifically successful in the past with us as well. He played in both 2017 and 2018 in the summers of those years. I think what makes this June special is, firstly, he played a record-breaking 12 shows across four weekends. I don't think that's ever been done before in Macao. But not only that, Macao was the first touring stop of the entire global tour that Jackie Chung has just launched. So that he chose to launch this new global tour at The Venetian Macao, I think, is testament to both Macao's rising destination appeal, the importance of it as an entertainment hub regionally, as well as our own track record in partnering with Jackie and his team over many years. So the month was strong, not just the days when the concert was on, which is nine months of the month. So it's a combination of factors. I think the underlying visitation to Macao, like Patrick referenced, was improving throughout the quarter and into June, even though it was into a traditionally weaker part of the travel calendar. Hotel availability improved, transportation improved, concert series undoubtedly played a part, but that's just one component of the ongoing lifestyle program. And I think that programming is not just done by us, but the whole industry. And I think that will make Macao continue to recover rapidly. And it speaks volumes to, I think, the new direction that the government is pursuing and I think is a great start to the new concession.
Stephen Grambling: It makes senses. Thanks so much. I'll leave the floor.
Grant Chum: Thanks, Stephen.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Shaun, your line is life.
Shaun Kelley: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. So maybe I just want to go back to the cost side a little bit. It's probably for Grant. But if I caught it correctly, I think in an earlier question, you said room complement was up to 10,700 on average in the quarter, heading to 12,000. Can you just give us a little bit more color on that? Are we at the 12,000, we exit the quarter there? And just what does that imply for kind of necessary either headcount or kind of cost ramp-up from here? Is there a little bit more remaining? Or actually, is this number that we saw in the quarter pretty reflective of kind of what you think the baseline operating cost should look like from here moving forward?
Grant Chum: Yes. Thanks, Shaun. Yes, I think you heard it right, averaged around 10,700 rooms a day in terms of our operable capacity from a labor standpoint during the quarter. We actually increased further towards the end of the quarter. So as we go into third quarter, we're roughly at that 12,000 rooms mark, which I said, plus or minus, typically, there's always a handful of rooms out of order for maintenance, regular maintenance. We're effectively back in full inventory now and ready for the peak summer season, which is getting underway later this month.
Shaun Kelley: Great. Thanks for that. Maybe a similar question, but kind of transferring over to Marina Bay Sands. There, we've seen kind of two quarters in a row with margins kind of in the 46 to 47 camp. That's still a couple of hundred basis points below pre-COVID. And I know there's a lot going on there. I do believe in the slide deck, you guys called out that the -- some of the renovation activity was either over or close to. So maybe just an update on some of that renovation disruption and how we sort of exited the quarter there. And just your thoughts on costs, which I think were up about 10% Q-on-Q. Is there anything -- any -- is there -- as the full complement of rooms comes back, can we also see some margin leverage or improvement sequentially or going forward? And how should we think about that in the second half?
Patrick Dumont: So I think what's important to note about Marina Bay Sands, as Robert said in his remarks earlier, the building is under a lot of change. It's changed for the better. We're investing a lot and we're creating what is arguably the best product we ever had. And the customer response is very strong, but we're mid-flight in that. And so I think -- a couple of things to consider. Our biggest suites, so our 200 multi-day suites are the last to come online. So that's what's going to come in this quarter and the next quarter. So the full earnings potential of the renovated Tower 1 and Tower 2 will not really be reached until those suites are online. So we've been operating without them. So we'll be able to price better. We'll have higher margin and we'll have like a larger quantum of cash flow from this high-value segment coming into the building because they didn't have any place to stay. And now we're adding 200 suites of the highest quality we've ever had. So that's going to be meaningful, and that will address, let's call it, some of the operating leverage we want to get out of our cost base. We had a significant number of rooms out of inventory. And so I think between some of the cost increases that we've seen in the market for inputs -- and to be fair, the gaming tax increase, there are some things we need to overcome through higher-value customers, through pricing and through volumes. And I think the one thing that's important to note, aside from the fact that we haven't had our most important room inventory available to us, our casino floor has also been in renovation, that's coming to a close. But most importantly, airlift from China is really back yet. And so when you look at play across the quarter from rated play from China, it's increased each month across the quarter. And so as China visitation comes back into the fold and our new multi-day suites come online, we will have an opportunity to price through some of the cost increases and improve margin.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you, Patrick. Thanks everyone.
Rob Goldstein: I just want to say, I think we're going to the labor side more escalate because in every business, be it hospitality or retail, when you've got an exemplary product people want, you've got pricing power. And I think we're finished over there. It's taking a long time. It's a slog, but we get through this thing, the room product offer, the F&B, the retail, rethinking of retail. You see this all over the map in terms of why is Hermes and now Louis Vuitton get these ridiculously high-priced side margins. We want the product. They offer a superior product. Same thing happens in the watch world, same thing happens in the hospitality world. I think we're building something that people don't understand how good it is until you see it, understand it. It's going to be really special, and we'll be able to get pricing in every level, be it rooms, casino gaming, retail. When this building is done -- I'm amazed we're doing these kind of numbers with ripped-up buildings -- when this building is done, our pricing power is going to go to another level. I think that's where MBS takes some different here. The margin have always taken care of itself as long as you have the product people want and will pay for it. And I do believe when you guys have a chance to get over there and see MBS and experience what we're doing, you'll appreciate these comments. It's going to be a pricing power issue. We're not going to cut costs, we're adding cost to add more labor. We're going to have a really good product we want people want to be at. But that enables you to charge prices that are high. And I think that's our strategy, is not to, we're going to earn our way to success by offering a great product and people will pay up for it. It's just that simple. And margin reflects that in the daytime.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from David Katz from Jefferies. David, your line is live.
David Katz: Afternoon, everyone. Thanks. I know you've touched on this from a number of different perspectives, but I'd love just a little more help or insight in terms of how margins should evolve, specifically for the Macao enterprise in total. And just looking back at where normal was in 2019 and what a new normal could look like now. How high the ceiling is, any qualitative perspectives around there and how we get there in the next several quarters would be helpful? Thank you.
Rob Goldstein: I want to get Grant take that question. But I do want to say, David, again, I think I'll use the words structural advantage. I think we're just a very different position than some people in that we were built for this market in terms of scale and size in every area of our business. Base mass, premium mass, we're still handicapped by the base mass hasn't fully recovered. But I think our reinvestment in the last 20 years is to make this product grow and grow relative to margin and demand. I think we're just built for this environment. So I'm highly confident margins will rise with our increased revenue. Grant, can you add some color?
Grant Chum: Yes. Thanks for the question. And again, we don't have a specific forecast on how high the margins will rise to. I think you can look at the structure of the business. I mean, as Rob says, I mean, we have an excellent structure in terms of our business mix. We have an efficient cost structure. And I think the way you will be looking at this is how high will revenues go. But it is true that the segments that are going to drive more revenue recovery and then eventually growing structurally will be the higher-margin segments within gaming, mass versus VIP, and then also non-gaming versus gaming. I think non-gaming is recovering even more strongly than gaming. We're at 93% of our 2019 non-gaming revenues. Our hotel revenues for the quarter are 8% higher than 2019 on fewer rooms being available. Our retail business is looking very strong. Tenant sales were up 28% this quarter and that will continue especially with full seats. That's ongoing.
David Katz: Thank you. And as my follow-up, with respect to share repurchases, Patrick, which you touched on earlier, obviously not asking for specifics around when and where and how much. But any color on sort of boundaries or accomplishments or how we might think qualitatively as to when we get there and when we can start to think about that in a more tangible way?
Patrick Dumont: So I think we just restarted our return of capital program this quarter. I think it shows the Board and management's confidence in the long-term performance of the business. And we'll look to grow that dividend over time in a way that also allows us to have repurchase program. I can't give you a specific side about the volume of repurchases for the time of it today because we still have a lot of things to plan for. But in our capital allocation thought process, we're going to think about it in the way that was described previously. I think what's also important to note is that we're going to have variability in our CapEx. We have a lot of large projects that we're considering. Some of them are more certain than others. We're very excited about Marina Bay Sands expansion. We think it's going to be an unbelievable asset. We're very excited about it. The timing may be a little delayed from where we are today. And now we're going to invest as much as we possibly can because we think the growth there will be extraordinary. But we have other options, other things we're looking at. And the timing of that potential outflow is unknown or if it's going to happen. The good news is, we'll have the ability to modulate our CapEx based on how we grow the business and use excess capital and return it to shareholders through share repurchases and hopefully in a programmatic way. So I can't give you an exact amount today, I will tell you [Indiscernible] is to look at our -- what's called, CapEx for growth, CapEx for the future. Our way to grow the business. Look at the dividend program and ensure that it grows in an appropriate manner. And then look at our return of capital program through share repurchases that are shareholder friendly. And I think that's how we'll look at it. But as where we are right now, I can't give you a side yet, but we'll continue to look at it in the upcoming quarters, and we'll talk about it.
David Katz: Okay. Appreciate it. Thanks very much. Good-luck.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Brandt Montour from Barclays. Brandt, your line is live.
Brandt Montour: Hey, good evening, everybody. Thanks for taking my questions. So on the VIP business, which grew nicely for you guys in the quarter, but wasn't as strong as the overall market. Could you just update us how important is this segment to you when you plan the next couple of years? And then can you just touch on the current dynamics of the VIP market overall away from you and how your strategy compares to the broader market?
Rob Goldstein: I'm sure this is the first point, you said we didn't do as well as the market in the VIP?
Brandt Montour: VIP quarter-over-quarter grew below market-wide VIP.
Rob Goldstein: I think we're very comfortable, we're going to the VIP and the base mass. I think our portfolio is so well rounded. The Venetian is still the king of Macao. It's going to be the first place that the $1 billion plus dollars earned EBITDA-wise. And it shows no signs -- buck the recovery to its previous position. We built a portfolio that is very well grounded. The Four Seasons enables us to meet very well to anybody to run product there, and the game products are pretty much unparalleled. Again, the Londoner, early stages, we're halfway done with the renovation. The full renovation is still a while down the road. But except for The Sands, which I think we give up on the potential, a lot of growth being down here in the peninsula, it's still a very difficult, challenging place to make a lot more money. The shift has been to Cotai, which, of course, all our assets other than The Sands are there. We remain convinced there's more room to grow in the region. But I think our position on the VIP and the base mass is as good as it gets. We've got more suites than anybody else, more share than anybody else. And I think more potential growth because of the pure mass size of our buildings. And again, we referenced lifestyle. We built a business there with Jackie this month or somebody else next month, whether it's the best retail, the best restaurants. We built the lifestyle approach, I think, puts us at the top of the heap in that area, both as a product offerings, but also quality of product. Very comfortable going and have no reason why we can't grow and keep growing both in base and premium. I think the idea we're not a premium mass player is unfair and unjustified by numbers, Grant?
Grant Chum: Yes. I think on the VIP, our strategy hasn't changed. And in fact, obviously, the way the market has evolved in Macao for VIP, it fits our strategy more than ever because we're focused on the -- we've always focused on the premium direct segment out of the VIP. And we've historically had a very strong sales network around the rest of Asia. So we're working very hard, bringing foreign top-tier players into Macao, and we're having I would say, initially great success in doing so. Our foreign rolling volumes are already back to 2019 levels in the second quarter. Obviously far ahead of the general tourism recovery from overseas markets for Macao. So I think -- I think it's anchored around premium direct, our very strong sales network around Asia and our continued effort -- intensifying the effort to bring more foreign top-tier patrons to Macao. As Rob said, it's a great destination for all of those markets, and we intend to make full use of our great product and destination to attract those foreigners.
Brandt Montour: Great. Thanks for that. And just a follow-up on CapEx. I'm trying to reconcile slide 23, this really helpful year-by-year build you guys do for us with last quarter. It looks like MBS expansion, I guess, was temporarily taken off. You guys commented on that already. You added Londoner Phase 2. Wanted make sure that that's new and hear any maybe thoughts about targets -- return targets for that project. And then lastly, I think there were some reports from you guys or came from you guys through the media mid-quarter about a new hotel tower at The Venetian. And if that's a true or a plan, I'm just curious if that's going to be included in the $3.5 billion CapEx commitment that you've agreed with the government on.
Patrick Dumont: So just a few points. We did take Singapore expansion off because until we finalize the program and have final approval from the government, we don't know exactly what it will cost. So we're going to hold off on that until we have a project decided upon. In terms of The Londoner under Phase II -- I think the great thing about The Londonder is when we first started, we actually did it pre-concession during the pandemic, and we built through the pandemic and into the concession renewal and came out of the other side. And the thesis was validated. It's incredibly well received by the market. It looks spectacular. Customer response has been very strong. And we're excited about the result, and that market validation was very important. And now we're going to roll into the second part of the building and really hopefully tap into the absolute earning power of that, let's call it, really well laid out, really thought through hotel offering and amenity offering. And so in our long-term view, that's something that we'll open one day, come close to the Mid-East in terms of its productivity. The potential is there. Very excited about that opportunity. In terms of return targets, I think it's not something that we talk about directly, but in our mind, there's a lot of potential growth in our deepest and most profitable segments, which is mass and premium mass. And so with the revised or renovated hotel suite -- hotel rooms and suites that we'll have there, we think we'll be able to address the market incredibly well, just like we did with the first phase of The Londonder. So I think that's kind of how we're thinking about it. And in terms of a new hotel tower, I don't think we can comment on rumors. I don't think that's something we're familiar with. I think for us, we're really focused on really delivering against our concession renewal requirements, investing in the non-gaming amenities that really help define our portfolio in Macao and really drive visitation. So Grant, do you have any other comments you'd like to add?
Grant Chum: Patrick, you covered it very well. I think The Londoner's success, we've had the wholesale reinvention of the property's positioning and the branding and the functionality. And actually, it's easy to forget that most of the hotel room accommodation today still remains the original Sands Cotai Central rooms, as is half of our main gaming floors. So Phase 2 is really about making Londoner more Londoner. We need to reposition and upgrade Sheraton and the Conrad hotels as well as a comprehensive upgrade of the Pacifica Casino on the Sheraton side. And we'll be adding more non-gaming amenities and attractions to The Londoner, many of which are also included in our concession commitments. More signature restaurants that have international appeal, state-of-the-art wellness center, other sort of lifestyle attractions. And then beyond that, over a longer time frame, we’ve always committed since the concession, retender to developing this new landmark garden-themed attraction, the conservatory located -- to be located in the gardens south of The Londoner resort. That will take a longer time frame to develop. But first off, we're able to get right down to work on Londoner Phase 2, on the hotels and the casino refresh because we've been working on this during the pandemic on the designs. So we're now -- as Patrick said, I mean we've seen it, the product that we have come out with being hugely validated and with the market recovery with return of visitation and the hotel guests. We're keen to get moving on to this Phase II, and that's why we're able to start the actual construction in the second half of this year.
Brandt Montour: Great. Thanks all.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Steve Wieczynski from Stifel. Steve, your line is live.
Steven Wieczynski: Hey. So Rob or whoever wants to take this -- and Patrick, you touched on this a little bit, so this might be you. But Slide 14, I think, is pretty interesting. Around visitation trends during the quarter, with Hong Kong back to actually above pre-COVID levels, Guangdong pretty much back. The rest of China, though, remains well below pre-COVID levels. So wondering how you guys are thinking about the recovery in that segment moving forward? And what you're watching. And I know, Patrick, you talked about air capacity. Is it really just air capacity? Or are there other factors out there that -- but might be holding that segment back?
Patrick Dumont: I think one thing I do want to say is we're really excited about it. Seeing the visitation come back has been thrilling. Customer responses, seeing -- seeing patrons from before, see new patrons. It's really a fantastic place. We were in Macao recently, and it just -- there's great energy, great electricity in the city. So I think some of it is air capacity. To be fair, some of it's the, let's call it, the more mass player, the unrated play that The Venetian and other of our assets were so strongly set up for that really drove a lot of high volume and high margin business. All those segments still haven't come back and forth. So between the airlift -- and if you turn to the next page, actually, page 15, where it shows the visitation for 2019, and then compared to this last quarter, you can kind of see that we have a lot of room to go. We have a lot of patrons who will want to come back and see us. And they're just starting now to make their trips happen. So I think from where we sit, we have a great ability to accommodate these customers than we've done in the past. We have the capacity. We have very interesting non-gaming amenities, we have entertainment. And we think this is the most important tourism market in Asia and the region and people are going to show up. We also have international visitors showing up, which is kind of a new thing. So I think the power of Macao is going to continue to grow and grow. But when I look at slide 15, I just see a lot of potential, and our team is working hard to try to capture that potential. Grant, I want to turn it over to you and see if you have additional remarks.
Grant Chum: Yes. I was going to point to that page as well. Patrick. Yes, Dan's famous Page 15 on the penetration. Actually, you can see from the Eastern China, Yanxi River Delta region, especially Shanghai and Zhejiang Province. In fact, the recovery rate is higher than Guangdong's because I think you have better airlift, better propensity to travel cross-border from those source markets. And we've already seen a very big upward shift in the recovery rate of non-Guangdong, relative to first quarter. So I think in the first quarter, when we're looking at that recovery rate, it was less than 30%, and now we're approaching 50%. So non-Guangdong visitation second quarter grew almost, I think, in the high 40s sequentially. So it is coming back, as we said, as airlift improves, transportation in general improves, and also our hotel room availability has been increasing. And actually, we'll be further increasing for Macao as a whole in the third quarter. We have some new hotel rooms coming online. So all of that, I think, is positive for the outlook for continued recovery in the visitation outside of Guangdong Province.
Rob Goldstein: Maybe I'd just add, the trajectory may be uncertain, but the end result is very certain. I mean this market always comes back, and I think it walks the summer, you'll see some very positive indications. I don't think anybody knows when or exactly why it's not fully recovering in certain areas, but we just know it's going to recover. It's a question of when that happens. The result, I think, is on the question. And again, I hope this summer, we showed some strong evidence. And July, hopefully, will show a big number, the best number of the year thus far and that starts to add in this recovery.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Great. I'll leave it there, guys. I appreciate the color. Thanks.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And a final question today is coming from Daniel Politzer from Wells Fargo. Daniel, your line is live.
Daniel Politzer: Hey, good morning, everyone, and thanks for taking my questions. Just a quick follow-up, Rob, on that comment about July. I mean, is there any reason other than just the airlift capacity that we wouldn't expect that normal seasonality and the build off the momentum that you saw in June, whether it's macro concerns, behavioral or entertainment calendar? Is it really just simply airlift? Or there are other reasons in particular?
Rob Goldstein: No, there's multiple variables at work here. And I wouldn't want pigeonhole, the economy, Visa, I don't think we really know the answer to that. It's an aggregate answer, it can't be unpacked really. I do think though, seasonality, summer has always been the time. This is the first time, post-COVID. I, for one, believe summer has improved very strong. Some business people boasting about what the joint numbers look like. I hope they're right. I believe some will be very indicative of new growth in this market. And look, again, I think you have to look back on how quickly we see this recovery. Six months ago, we were in dire straits. And now we're unpacking $200 million a month in June. So we're very bullish when we think long-term. And again, the trajectory may be uncertain but the end result's very clear. We're going to get there. We're going to make a lot of money in Macao, definitely. And we hope we have more good news in the near future to offer to you. So I'm hoping for a big summer for the market.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. And just 1 more quick one. We haven't touched on the digital strategy. And there's been some headlines lately that there's been some progress there. Do you have anything that you could possibly share? And as you just -- in high level, as you think about the strategy, how do you reconcile that with regulatory concerns, given your presence in Macao and your relationship with the government there?
Patrick Dumont: So I think we said a while ago that we were going to invest in ground up digital activities. So we're -- we're not buyers, we're builders. And I think for a while, we've been working on a couple of digital initiatives. And I think the key thing for us is, it's still early days yet. We don't really have much to talk about. We're very confident about it. We think long-term, there's real potential there. But our focus is going to be on highly regulated markets. So that would mean Europe and North America. Our goal is to make sure that we maintain our regulatory standards in the best possible way, only working with partners where that makes sense and being very selective. But in our mind, we're very focused on regulatory certainty and being in strong [Technical difficulty] I'm going to put this on hold. Sorry about that. So I think our view is that the digital issues have potential. We're going to continue to invest in them for the long-term. We are committed for the long-term. And I think our goal is going to be to focus on highly regulated markets.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you, everybody.
Patrick Dumont: Thank you.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-19 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Sands' First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode, but we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations at Sands. Sir, the floor is yours.
Daniel Briggs: Thanks, Paul. Thank you all for joining the call today. With me today are Rob Goldstein, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Patrick Dumont, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Dr. Wilfred Wong, President of Sands China; and Grant Chum, EVP of Asia Operations and COO of Sands China. Today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements. We will be making those statements under the safe harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results may differ materially from the results reflected in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we will discuss non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP financial measure are included in our press release. We have posted an earnings presentation on our website. We may refer to that presentation during the call. And finally, for the Q&A session, we ask those with interest to please pose one question and one follow-up question, so we might allow everyone with interest the opportunity to participate. This presentation is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you, Dan, and thank you for joining the call. The results speak for themselves. There is a powerful recovery underway in Macao in both gaming and the non-gaming segments. The future looks very good for both markets. Our commitment to investing in both Macao and Singapore has never wavered. In Macao, following the relaxation of travel restrictions, increased visitation has driven gaming volumes, retail sales and hotel occupancy during the quarter. In other words, business is back. Sands China is in unique position to capture the opportunities. Our diversified IR model with continuous investment in non-gaming segments MICE, hotel suites, live entertainment, retail, food and beverage, positions us well to deliver strong growth in the years ahead. Our focus is on all segments in the Macao market, including international tourists. We're excited to have the opportunity to develop -- to deploy more capital to expand our non-gaming offerings in Macao. The $3.8 billion commitment we made as part of the concession tender is just the baseline. We will invest more in this extraordinary market. I look forward to everyone having the opportunity to see, to witness The Londoner and the Four Seasons. The quality of our new products is exceptional. Marina Bay Sands delivered EBITDA of $394 million for the quarter. Mass win was an all-time property record of $549 million. Rolling volumes have nearly equalled the 2019 level. Our $1 billion suite and casino renovation program is progressing. More suite inventory will continue to come online throughout the remainder of the year. We will have 400 suites available by the end of 2023, up from just 150 prior to our renovation. Okay, let's take some questions, and please ask away.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] And the first question today is coming from Joe Greff from J.P. Morgan. Joe, your line is live.
Joe Greff: Hey, everybody. Congratulations on these results.
Rob Goldstein: Thanks, Joe.
Joe Greff: Rob, Patrick or Dan, whoever wants to take this first one. In Macao, presumably, March was better than February, and February, obviously, was better than January from an EBITDA and an EBITDA margin perspective. I was hoping you can maybe help us understand maybe the margin exit rate coming out of the quarter as we head here into the second quarter. If you've reported 31% margins for the quarter, March was something much higher than that. I was hoping you can help us maybe understand the cadence of EBITDA generation by month and maybe the same thing for margins by month, just so we're, I guess, thinking about it the right way in terms of our projections going forward.
Rob Goldstein: Joe, I'll ask Patrick to take it. But before I do, I'll just say, I think you have to realize, I think you do realize that Macao is in its infancy as far as a return to a more normal operating environment. It's not even -- I think we're -- it's still early days there. This first quarter is still not representation of what can happen in Macao or will happen. So, I wouldn't call it normal operating mode. And as you referenced, the acceleration in revenues is clearly there and that will accelerate margins. Patrick, you want to add some more color.
Patrick Dumont: Thanks. Rob. Joe, it's an interesting question. I think we've been very focused on margins for many years at SCL. Unfortunately, operating environment during the pandemic made it very hard to see the benefit of some of the work that the team has done over the years to make the business itself more efficient. I think in the long-run, we're going to look to see some significant operating leverage and the performance out of Macao, particularly as we reach a higher level of performance in a more normalized environment. I will say that there was a material difference in performance across the quarter. January was obviously impacted because, on January 8, the opening occurred. And then, subsequent to that, February is typically a very slow month post the Lunar New Year. But March was a very exciting time. A lot of things were going full steam ahead. It's very excited to see the recovery, the increase in tourism. And so, margins did recover to a more normal level. There's a lot of noise in the quarter because of the start-up. But I think overall, our long-term outlook for margins is quite strong. I think we've done a good job managing costs historically. I think the business itself was set up to be efficient. And I think in the long-run, given the mix of business, we should see a favorable margin operating environment. Grant, I don't know if you have any comments you'd like to add to that.
Grant Chum: Sure. Yeah, thanks, Patrick. Yeah, maybe I can just give some color on the March trends. I think, Joe, you're right, the market experienced strong recovery through the quarter. So, pretty much across all operating metrics, March was better than January and February average. I mean, just as a starting point, in Macao, overall visitations city-wide were up 22% in March versus the first two months of the year. For our portfolio, the gaming volume, non-rolling drop and slot handle were both up 10% in March versus the first two months. Rolling volumes accelerated a lot more than that during that month, not least because we're starting to get some traction on the foreign VIPs coming to Macao, to our properties. Hotel occupancy improved. Occupied room nights increased by 8% in the month versus the first two months, as we were able to operate more hotel rooms with the additional manpower that's coming on board in the second half of the first quarter, and that will significantly increase further into the second quarter. So, overall, yes, I mean, March was a very pleasing month in terms of evolving trends. And as Patrick said, operating margin did recover and did recover more in March, but hopefully this is just the beginning.
Joe Greff: Great. Thank you for your comments there. You mentioned that 31% of your rooms in Macao were out of service related to labor constraints. Where does that stand now? And can you talk about labor constraints now? And how are you remedying that?
Grant Chum: Sure. Rob, shall I take that?
Rob Goldstein: Yes, please, Grant. Yeah, you're closest to that. Sure.
Grant Chum: I mean, hotel room inventory, Joe, availability, the actual availability for the first quarter, yeah, was around 7,700 rooms for SCL portfolio-wide. So effectively, we were accommodating as many rooms as we could, given the manpower constraints during the quarter. As I just referenced, it did improve somewhat in March as the additional hiring of the labor came on board, and the Macao government and the labor bureau have been very supportive in helping us to bring on the labor that we need to operate, especially the hospitality side of the business, the hotel and restaurants. As we go into second quarter, we would expect that, on average, second quarter, we can reach 10,700 rooms in terms of operating capacity. So that's roughly 3,000 additional hotel rooms that we will be able to operate in the second quarter, and that, obviously, takes us up to the much close to our physical available inventory. And we will reach the 12,000 probably sometime in the third quarter, in time for the summer peak season, as additional hiring and training completes through the second quarter.
Rob Goldstein: So, Grant, is it safe to say the labor issues are not event for the entire market by summertime?
Grant Chum: Yeah, Rob, I think for most of the market, for the second quarter, it's effectively a non-issue from a hotel operating capacity. Obviously, the size of our inventories is the biggest. We'll take a little bit time to get up to full capacity, but obviously, there is a big difference already that we can see between operating 10,700 rooms versus 7,700.
Rob Goldstein: Thanks, Grant. Good job.
Joe Greff: Thank you, guys.
Rob Goldstein: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Carlo, your line is live.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, everybody, thank you. Rob, just as it pertains to MBS, obviously, now Macao has gotten up and running and you're starting to see things normalize with obviously the comments there on March. Have you guys seen anything change behaviorally? I mean, we see the results. It doesn't look like anything's changed. But I was just wondering if there was anything that you've seen change in terms of demand around either the high end or the premium mass segments in MBS post kind of resumption of activity in Macao, as it continues to ramp?
Rob Goldstein: Carlo, one thing I thought I understood and I think I was wrong in that respect was the super high-end premium customer in Asia. I thought we would dominate completely in Singapore. We're seeing Singapore is doing very well. We've equalled our 2019 rolling volumes. But what surprised me to the upside is the international demand for Macao, and rolling volume in Macao has been very pleasant, much more than I thought, that we could be rolling in that market far in excess of $20 billion, $25 billion annually, this keeps going. So, there has been a pleasant surprise -- has not hurt us in Singapore if you look at the numbers, but of course, there's only so much money out there, so it might have some impact. Singapore, as you see, had record numbers on the -- the slot numbers are astounding, to be at 900-plus per unit. I've never seen that in any market I've worked in, on especially the scale of machines, the market plus our non-rolling win. To exceed 6 million a day, it's pretty extraordinary. And that's what the impediments and the big headwinds of our rooms being down, our casino being torn up and there is yet to be a recovery of the Chinese consumer into Singapore at the level I think it will get to. So, the pleasant surprise is, Macao is attracting a very strong international Asian high-end customer and yet we're doing fine in Singapore. We may be sharing a very large rolling business between Singapore and Macao for long time to come. I had that wrong pleasantly. I do think the slot business in Singapore and the non-rolling is just the beginning of a trend, a very strong trend. Once we get these rooms back and the casino and -- who knows where it goes. If we make $2.5 billion, $3 billion of those segments in the years to come, maybe. But clearly, we're very happy with the results. For Singapore to do this well this early [in the day] (ph) without a full blown China recovery, it's pretty impressive. I think, we can believe we can make $500 million a quarter in the near future when things get back to a stronger place. So, we're very pleased in both markets for different reasons.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. That's helpful. And then, just as a follow-up. I guess, my question is more along the lines of, are you surprised by -- when you are looking at deck, obviously, your premium mass business looks like it's recovering or I should say, your base mass business is recovering relative to the first quarter of '19, very similarly to the premium mass business. And given where visitation is today relative to '19, is that dynamic surprising to you guys at all?
Rob Goldstein: It is to me. I think if we go Page 14 of our deck to see the visitation [being like] (ph) 40% and yet see a recovery where it's at, it's very encouraging for future. The trajectory of Macao feels very good to us. And as Joe alluded to, the growth between January, February, March, it looks very [indiscernible] not be encouraged when you see. We made $400 million roughly without visitation really coming back very much, without hotel rooms being fully occupied, without a lot of impediments, a lot of headwinds and yet here we are. So, yeah, it's very encouraging for us and to the market. And of course, we're the biggest beneficiary of the recovery of base mass since we -- that's our dominant position. But I want also allude to the fact that we believe with our new Londoner and Four Seasons suite and physical product, we're going to compete very favorably, not just the base mass, not just retail, we're going for the very top-end of the market as well to dominate that, and we believe we can do it in both the rolling and non-rolling segments. We have both scale in terms of suite product, but also great aesthetic. When you see what we've done, we were there, and you see the new Londoner, you see the new Four Seasons, I promise you, you will be overwhelmed with the product of quality. What that team has done is exceptional work. So, for us, we see no segment in Macao to our competitors. We want to be first in every category. I believe it's possible with our new products.
Carlo Santarelli: Great, thanks very much.
Grant Chum: Rob, maybe I can just add something on the...
Rob Goldstein: Yes, please, jump in, Grant.
Grant Chum: Sorry. Okay. Just to add something to Rob's comment on the premium mass versus mass off the question, yes, it looks like from the deck that we recovered at a similar rate on the premium mass and mass win versus first quarter of 2019. But overall, in terms of volumes and headcount, it was definitely a premium mass led recovery and the quality of customer has been increasing and the spend per head. The win comparison with 2019 is more hold related issue on the premium mass segment for both 2019 and 2023. But overall, premium mass gaming volume, gaming drop and headcount recovery is faster than base mass. But I think to Rob's points, we've been essentially out competing in the premium segments in both VIP and premium mass as you can see from the market share in the first quarter. Our non-rolling drop recovered to two-thirds of the first quarter of 2019 level. That's in line with the overall market recovery in mass, despite a much bigger dependence on base mass. So, as the base mass, which has been lagging in the recovery, starts to ramp up, especially as more hotel rooms come online for city -- for the whole city and for our portfolio, and also that visitations pickup and transportation and logistics improve, we should obviously be the biggest beneficiary of that base mass recovery. And some of that you can already see in the way we've outperformed in a slot electronic gaming market. Slot handle recovering to over 73% of 2019. And that has a lot more exposure. I mean, Hong Kong base mass is a much bigger part of slot and tables, and obviously, Hong Kong base mass has recovered faster as you can see from the visitations where Hong Kong visitations are already 75% of where they were in 2019, and you can see that outperformance in electronic gaming has been strong, both in absolute terms and relative to the market.
Carlo Santarelli: Certainly. Thank you very much for the additional context. I appreciate it.
Rob Goldstein: Thanks, Carlo. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is coming from Robin Farley from UBS. Robin, your line is live.
Robin Farley: Great, thank you. Grant, following on your comments about the strength of the recovery being that by the premium mass side, I'm curious if you're seeing any impact at all from visa policy that is sometimes turning down kind of frequent visitors or multiple visits in a period. Sounds like it's not impacting the recovery in your view. But I'm just curious if you're seeing any impacts from that.
Rob Goldstein: Grant?
Grant Chum: Rob, shall I take that?
Rob Goldstein: Please, yes.
Grant Chum: Yeah, Robin, I think for -- if you look at the visitation, overall, we are seeing a much faster recovery from Guangdong than from the non-Guangdong provinces. I think that's for obvious reasons, the proximity, the ease with which the visitors from the neighboring province can get to Macao. From my point of view, I think the biggest impediment to a higher rate of recovery in non-Guangdong visitation is actually the amount of hotel room inventory that was unavailable in the first quarter. I mean, we're the biggest repository of hotel rooms and we're with offline by 36%. And for the city as a whole, obviously, the percentage of out of rooms availability was also very significant. So, I think people have kind of high propensity to think about coming to Macao. I think the hotel room inventory issue has been a big impediment. But that's obviously easing dramatically as we get into the second quarter. And then, transportation is still only a fraction of what it was, especially in routes like from Hong Kong to Macao. Our ferries are only 20% of where they were in 2019 during the first quarter. And yeah, obviously, the visitation from Hong Kong has been so strong. So, I think overall, the visitation recovery is progressing very well, but you've got to bear in mind a couple of those pain points that are both, I think, I would say, easing quite significantly, and that's the hotel room inventory and the transportation.
Robin Farley: Great, and that's helpful. Thanks. And then, just as my follow-up, if I could. Understanding, it's going to take a couple of quarters for all your hotel rooms to be up and running, at that point, when you think about the run rate where you are for operating expense, how would you compare that to 2019? Is there any kind of permanent reduction in some way in operating expense? Or in fact is -- does the labor issue, mean that costs are going to be higher when you're kind of fully ramped up? Thanks.
Rob Goldstein: Take it, Grant.
Grant Chum: Yeah. I think clearly we -- as we add headcount to man, to operate all of our inventory on the hospitality side, our payroll cost will start to go up. But obviously, we expect the revenue to be rebounding a lot more. So, I think this is just the ordinary course of ramping up the capacity. We achieved multiple rounds of cost savings over the years. After the 2014 downturn, we achieved some sustainable savings from that round. We made some additional structural cost savings on our expenses during the pandemic, and we hope to hold on to some of those savings. But, in terms of the labor portion, absolutely we have to invest in the manpower to get our assets back up to full operating capacity and, obviously, the cost will grow in line with that. But clearly, we want to be operating 12,000 rooms, not 7,700. So, this is something we're trying to do as quickly as we can.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Shaun. your line is live.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, great. Thanks. Just, maybe to start, if we could go back to a couple of your comments, Rob, on that base mass versus some of the premium mass mix and the surprise there. I mean, is -- a healthy way to think about the mix that we're seeing in the market today, just kind of low double digit increase in spend per visit, is that -- if I look at the 62% base mass versus, let's call it, 48% overall visitation growth, is that reflective of market conditions, or is there some subtext or some difference that we should be thinking about, or did that change throughout the quarter at all? Just trying to kind of get a sense of what's pent-up demand and how much of this is just getting the bodies back into the property.
Rob Goldstein: I think, one thing we would be careful of, we're -- again, we're in early innings here. In fact, we haven't -- I would say, if you're playing golf, we're still in the driving range. I mean, we haven't gotten the first tee yet. This market, 100 days ago, Grant reminded me, we're kidding about the market, hoping to see a profitable quarter in '22. We now just gave you a $400 million number. I think my point is, it's evolving so quickly and the movement -- if you look at -- I don't think it's easy to spot trends. I think clearly the base mass to Grant's comment, has been somewhat confusing and his thoughts recovered much better than base mass tables. But again, I think it's very difficult to assign the certainty to where the trends are going. I just think, when you look at the page -- Slide 16 or 14, you'll see the non-Guangdong visitation, which is pretty weak, and there is so much more room to run here. I think when this is all said and done, we'll make a lot more money with a very healthy margin and all this will be left behind the desk. I just don't think we can take -- what really effectively half of January, two months subsequent and assign real value to it. Yeah, it's just too early to figure it out. Grant, please jump in.
Grant Chum: No, not a lot more to that, Rob. Yeah, I think you covered it well.
Rob Goldstein: Shaun, what else you got?
Rob Goldstein: Great. I mean, the other question would be the follow-up and maybe a little bit indulgent, but I'll try. Just trying to get a sense of kind of...
Rob Goldstein: Indulge us.
Shaun Kelley: Just trying to get a sense of market share as we, let's call, exited the quarter, be it March or some [amount] (ph) of run rate, as we look at it, some of the checks suggested that it was accelerating and you did very well. It probably depended a little bit of the timing on some of that base mass recovery, but for the quarter, we calculated you at around 27% share. And just kind of curious if that was level across the quarter? Did you kind of -- was it your exit rate meaningfully higher than that? I'm just kind of trying to, again, probably extract a little too much from where we are in the recovery, but we want try anyways.
Rob Goldstein: All right. Patrick is going to take a look at that.
Patrick Dumont: Yeah, it's an interesting question. I think when we look at Macao, it's a story of investment. So, if you think about the growth in Macao and the asset base that we have and why we're able to get the visitation and the productivity out of the assets, it's because of our scale of investment in non-gaming. It's the rooms, it's the retail, it's the entertainment, it's the food and beverage, it's all the things that drive tourism value. And so, we invested $2.2 billion across the pandemic. So, from our standpoint, it's a new day. And we have probably one of the most important assets we have created in The Londoner, which was Sands Cotai Central. There's a lot of productivity that's available there. We have 650 new suite that we didn't have pre-pandemic. There's a lot of volume that we're going to be getting that we never had access to, now that the pandemic recovery is underway. And I think the other thing that's important to note is we've done this two other times. So, we were in the Las Vegas market during the recovery. And we saw the schedule and let's call it the slope of recovery related to pent-up demand in the marketplace and recovery of tourism. We went through that. We saw it in Singapore and the different stages of tourism access that occurred in a very controlled market in that recovery. And now we're seeing unfettered access to what is probably the best cluster tourism assets in all of Macao globally. And they've been continued to be invested in. There's a lot of depth to the market. And it is the beginning innings. It's early. So to call a market share now is a little tough, because it's not really comparable to pre-pandemic, because of the amount of investment and some of the dynamics changes that have happened to the market in the last three years. So, from our standpoint, I think we put up a good quarter. I think we're positioned well. As Grant mentioned, we're very excited about the additional inventory coming online as we get manpower into the buildings. And I think we're in a good place to continue to grow. So, we're not really looking at market share right now as much as we're looking at investment, visitation, access, customer service and then margin and outcome. And you saw the results of that in the quarter that we just had. So, March was really good. We're really excited about it. We're in a great trend. And we're going to keep pushing.
Shaun Kelley: Congratulations. Thanks very much.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from David Katz from Jefferies. David, your line is live.
David Katz: Hi, afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to just go back to the direct VIP business in both markets. And I know you made some commentary about sort of where Singapore is coming from and where some of the extra business is coming from. But can you help us understand the direct VIP opportunity in Macao? And are there any insights that we can learn from about where that could evolve to over time relative to what we saw in the past, understanding it's a completely different business today?
Rob Goldstein: Yeah, I think we're all in the same boat here as far as not really knowing how -- I think the first quarter is indicative that there is a VIP market. Our rolling volumes indicate that. We wonder if it can increase, keep going. One surprise to me has been the acceptance of foreign visitation from non-China countries into Macao. It makes sense to me. The quality of product there, the diversity of product, the experience, there is very -- it's an exciting place to visit, easy to access, getting easier, especially for foreigners. So, I think that's going to continue to build. Also the people there -- it's obvious because the structural junk is disappearing. It's a much different approach. And these are people you have to know who they are, credit wise, et cetera, to be in business with them. But I don't think it slows down. My sense is, Macao has such a compelling product and such diversity of compelling products and has such great food and retail, it's just an exceptional place for visitor internationally. And I think you'll see more and more of that trend. I don't think it will cost as business in Singapore in terms of -- I think people will still obviously get to Singapore for the same reasons. But Macao, I think has a better future on the direct rolling business that I anticipated. And I think it's driven by, again, access, quality of product and people want to go there, and it's evident here in the first quarter. Obviously, the -- it's impacted by our retail sales as well. You can see the quality of our retail business in Macao, it's a direct relationship with the super high-end that come to visit. That's again, early innings, non-junket, liquidity issues, a lot of unknowns at this point. I don't think we should pretend to know what the future looks like, but I think there is a very positive trend in the right direction. Grant, do you want to comment?
Grant Chum: Sure. Yeah. I think Rob is absolutely right. The attraction of Macao to foreign VIP gamer is immense and I think the pleasant surprise, although we are obviously redoubling our assets post the concession tender in bringing international visitation to Macao and the VIP gaming was the first natural place to start, given that the general airlift, commercial air flights are still a fraction of where they were in 2019. So, I think this direct VIP performance that you referenced, it was very healthy during the quarter and kept growing and we don't know where it grows to, but there's no reason to believe that it wouldn't continue to grow, given the quality of the product. And you can see, not just the strong product appeal for the premium customer that we provide, but we provide such a diversity of -- such a clustering effect of so many world-class resorts and we already have four of them in our portfolio. But together with all of the other colleagues in the industry, it's an amazing clustering of world-class premium gaming destination that should appeal to the Asian regional players over time. And then, I think the other point that is, I think specifically for us, we've been doing this for a long, long time in terms of our international direct VIP around the Asia region. Las Vegas, Macao, Singapore, this is not a new structure to us. We've just got enormous ability to promote Macao now to the foreign countries, because we have the capacity, and to Patrick's point, we have the new product that we've never had before, the availability of the top-quality suites, the top-quality salons. So, we're going to be -- we have been and we're going to continue to use our international sales network that we have the biggest infrastructure across Asia in the industry and that's where we're going to combine the benefit of this premium product, Macao as a destination for these Asian gamers. With our sales infrastructure that will continue to expand. So, I think the future is very bright for foreign visitation and foreign VIP market into Macao.
David Katz: If I can just -- thank you for that. And if I can just follow-up quickly. In terms of which -- any color on sort of which countries and where this is sort of coming from and any sensibility about kind of the sustainability? Obviously, you feel like you can continue to grow them, but the non-Chinese, other countries, and the degree to which extending credit may cost a little bit more along the way. Any color there would be helpful too.
Rob Goldstein: We won't be, David, country-specific, we won't do that. But I would just say to you, the demand is in a number of countries. And I think Grant's last point was very interesting. I was juffling, because he's actually right. We've been doing this for decades. In Asia, we have a very strong sales force. A lot of same people have been with us for 20 years and represents in Las Vegas and of course Singapore, Macao. So, we are the beneficiaries of that sales system. But I think the high-end is probably built now in Singapore and Macao is going to drive that customer. Is this sustainable? Does it grow? I don't want to predict the future. I just don't know. But if it does, I think we will be the biggest beneficiary of it, because again, we have the biggest network and we have all these different places that we can take people within Macao, and of course to Singapore. So, it's hard to predict because again, it's early innings here. But I think if there's a strong rolling business in Macao, I think we'll get a big chunk of that. And time will tell how big it is, liquidity issues. But the MICE and the junket business clearly has a new day there. But if we can roll $20 billion, $30 billion, it would feel like a good place to be, if that's possible.
David Katz: Thank you very much. Londoner looks great.
Rob Goldstein: Oh, thank you. You saw it? We love people seeing it, because it's only halfway there, but what we've built so far is, we're just very proud of it. Thank you.
David Katz: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Brandt Montour from Barclays. Brandt, your line is live.
Brandt Montour: Hey, everybody. Thanks for taking my questions.
Rob Goldstein: Hey, Brandt.
Brandt Montour: So, given -- thanks. So, given Grant laid out a pretty good case based on the transportation impediments and the hotel room inventory impediments, that premium mass visitation could very well outgrow base mass visitation from here. I hope I'm not putting words in anybody's mouth. But could you give us some insight into what you're seeing in terms of premium mass win per visitor and compare that to other markets that you saw reopening post-COVID and sort of an index to 2019? Just trying to get a sense for how the pent-up demand on a per person basis is really trending.
Rob Goldstein: I'll just make a few comments and I'll pass on to Grant. I think the key thing here is having seen this, as we said before, in several other markets. This is an impressive recovery. It's very strong. The people who can get there are consuming meaningfully in all segments, retail, food and beverage, on the gaming side, on the hospitality side. So, it's great to see. It's very exciting. I don't know that in any of our markets, we had a quarter with this amount of EBITDA recovery this quickly after opening. So that's a good indicator. And so, I think we're very excited about that. I think, it's hard to call these things are -- it's -- I wish we had a crystal ball, but I think at this point, we look at the recovery and it's very encouraging. I will turn it over to Grant to see if he has an additional remark.
Grant Chum: Yeah. I would say, the points that we're making on the hotel room inventory and transportation, it's more a reflection of what happened in the first quarter. I think, if anything, those factors obviously improve and has been improving dramatically into March and into second quarter. So, we obviously hope that the base mass would catch up assuming as we are the biggest beneficiary of that segment. And then, I think spend per head for the entire market is clearly up and the quality of customer is very high. And I think it really applies to all segments. You only have to walk through the different properties. You can see the level of spending power, not least in our retail, more -- we're up 18% in overall retail sales versus 2019, but clearly the luxury segment, it's up a lot more. And that's with obviously only [40%-something] (ph) of visitations that we had in 2019. So, not just in gaming, but also in the non-gaming and retail, you can see those trends were consistent in the first quarter. But hopefully, we can start to see the base mass visitation growing and the hotel room occupancy growing for the entire market.
Brandt Montour: Great, thanks for that. And switching gears maybe to New York. Just curious if you're willing to give any updated thoughts on the RFP process there? If you think the timeline has shifted since we've talked about it three months ago? Any other comments on the factors for winning that third license? Thank you.
Rob Goldstein: Yeah. New York, work in progress, waiting response from the government. Obviously, it has pushed back. We're here and we don't know for a fact, let's begin there. But we've been told, it could be early first quarter of 2024. But again we have no definitive date at this time. We do believe we have a very compelling bid. The project is in sync with our historical approach to development. It's large scale resort with enormous non-gaming amenities, hotel, convention space, entertainment, spa, et cetera, very beautiful design, very much LVS spirit, the way hotel should be designed as a real resort, a real destination. We have close to 80 acres. So, I think we have a very special bid, a very compelling bid, and I hope the market sees it that way. Timing will reign with New York State's government, and again we hope it's the first part of '24. No more to say about that at this time.
Rob Goldstein: Thanks, Grant.
Brandt Montour: Great, thanks, again.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Steve Wieczynski from Stifel. Steve, your line is live.
Steven Wieczynski: Hey, guys, good afternoon. So, Rob or whoever wants to take this. I mean, if we look at visitation into Macao over the last, let's call a month or so, it seems like there might have been or there might has been a change in the makeup of the typical visitor coming into the market. And based on some reports that have been out there in the market, it seems like there are potentially more tour groups and stuff like that coming into the market versus pre-pandemic. So just -- I'm just trying to -- just wondering how you're thinking about the spending characteristics or wallet size of the typical customer today versus what that typical customer looked like previously. I'm not sure I asked that question really the right way. So, if I didn't, let me know.
Rob Goldstein: I think you asked it perfectly. It's a good question. Grant, do you want tackle that first?
Grant Chum: Sure. Yeah. I mean, I think we're trying to get recovery in all segments of the market, as the tourism market is multifaceted in terms of the different segments. And the tour groups with the last segment to really be recovering. So that's only been taking place in the second half of the first quarter. So yes, the first visitors to come back been more at the premium end and over time, you're going to get all the other segments recovering in good time. And I don't think there's any difference fundamentally in terms of how these different segments behave or perform versus 2019. I think in general, of the people who have been coming back, I think you've seen a higher propensity to spend. But over time, as the other segments come back, I don't think we should necessarily expect a fundamentally different mix or fundamentally different profile within each of those segments. Yeah, so the only different point to make at this juncture is that, yes, across all segments, the spend -- spending power is higher than what it was and propensity spend is higher, and we'll see where that evolves over time.
Rob Goldstein: Steve, I think we all agree that what Grant just said, we have total confidence that this market will look a lot like it did before. The only difference structurally is the junket situation. But maybe the more affluent have gotten better access earlier, but I'm a staunch believer that that market will come roaring back in the base mass. You walk around the Peninsula, you see already the base mass is booming down there, although it's just lower-quality spend than premium base mass. But I think the base mass market will come back, the question is how quickly it does come back. But this market will look fundamentally the same in 2023 and '24 as it did in '18 '19, I'm pretty confident of that.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, thanks for that, guys. I appreciate that. And then, Rob, I think the slide - what number is it, number 23, it's pretty interesting in terms of how you laid out your Macao capital commitments for the next 10 years or so. I don't know if you answered this, but if you think about that potential all-in, the $4.5 billion that you might have to spend over the next 10 years, is there any way you could help us think about what you guys are kind of targeting for a potential return on that commitment?
Rob Goldstein: Patrick?
Patrick Dumont: Yeah, I think we've always said publicly that we look towards a 20% return on invested capital there. But I have to tell you, Macao is a bit of fantastic market to invest in over the last 20 years. We're very excited to follow through this commitment and we look forward to the opportunity to actually invest more. If you look at the growth of our company, it's because of the investments we've made in Macao in non-gaming. It's an extraordinary tourism market. The consumer responds very well, and we're very excited about the opportunity this new concession to invest more than what we have on this page. So, it's something that we're very focused on and we look forward to the opportunity to do it.
Rob Goldstein: I think we're going to be raging bulls on Macao, investing in the future. And they're fairly look-back to our past and further, you can see our future, which is going to be, we believe non-gaming assets are wildly profitable, but they also drive gaming assets. It's all in sync. So we build more hotels or we build more retail or anything, it drives the gaming win. We've got plenty of positions to fill and to grow those numbers. When you look at the slot number coming to Singapore and the win per unit and tables, you realize just how far Macao can get to. So, we never saw the investment in the concession being an ending point. We saw it the beginning point. We much believe that Macao in next 10 years will make a lot of money for us. We're very bullish on the market and we're thrilled to be there.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, great. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it.
Rob Goldstein: Sure.
Patrick Dumont: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. And the last question today is coming from Dan Politzer from Wells Fargo. Dan, your line is live.
Dan Politzer: Hey, good afternoon, everyone, and congrats on the quarter.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you, Dan.
Dan Politzer: First, I wanted to touch on Macao. Can you talk a little bit about the recovery level across the properties there, and which have been most impacted by room and labor constraints versus mass versus premium mass mix? And then, similarly with Londoner and the suite investments that you've made, what's kind of been the kind of the early read out of the gate and your expectation on recouping that typical 20% return on those investments in terms of timing? Thanks.
Rob Goldstein: Grant, are you still awake? Grant, please take that.
Grant Chum: Yeah, sure. I think between the properties, Londoner clearly is the most impacted by the hotel room availability. So, you can see that the reported, like physical inventory, occupancy is only 46%, 47% for the property as a whole. And that's the biggest repository of hotel rooms in our portfolio. So, clearly the impact for that property was the greatest. But at the same time, it kind of flips into your -- second part of your question. The portion that we were operating, especially the newer product on the north side of the building and the new suites, we've really had an exceptional customer response to the product. I think not just the excellence of the design and hardware, but also combined with the actual programing of the hospitality, and just the levels of service that bespoke hospitality that we're offering, but doing so at scale. So in terms of those return questions that you asked, we see the early signs are very, very positive from the new product, including the new suites at Londoner hotel, and also the brand new Londoner Court, which is offering very different kinds of bespoke luxury hotel experiences for the customer. But overall for the property, it's a big property. We are hampered by the lack of hotel room availability during the quarter for sure, but, of the new product that we're actually operating, the initial results are, I think, very-very pleasing.
Dan Politzer: Got it, thanks. And then just turning to Singapore. Maybe if you could talk a little bit about the puts and takes the reopening of China? And I know inbound travel from China has been a little bit slower to recover, but, I guess how do you think about that recovering over the course of the year? And then, similarly, China customer base that had been in Singapore, are you still seeing that customer, or have those -- has that base gone back to China?
Rob Goldstein: Patrick?
Patrick Dumont: Thanks. It's a very interesting question. I think with the opening of China on January 8, there hasn't been a huge influx of Chinese visitation in the early part of the quarter. But there is an ongoing ramp of outbound tourism from China, that we will be the beneficiaries from. And that's something that we've been anticipating a long time. There is not the normal level of flights. There is not the, let's call, the normal airlift capacity that you would expect during a normal run rate period, which they're going to slowly ramp into. So across the year, our expectation is that, that visitation will recover. It's such a strong market for Singapore, has been historically, and yet we're able to execute these levels without that market really contributing. So we're very bullish on the opportunity of outbound tourism from China to support Marina Bay Sands and its ultimate growth to where Rob has mentioned earlier in the call and beyond. There is one other comment that I do want to make. We had a very interesting question from Steve just prior to yours about the level of investment that we're willing to make in Macao. And I think we're very optimistic about our investments there. It's a high return environment. We're very focused on continued investment there, not only through the fulfillment of our concession renewal, but also in general, to grow our non-gaming asset base. But the same thing was true in Singapore. I think we're very focused on growing Singapore as a market. The opportunity there is very unique. It's a really high-value tourism market that has a different catchment area than Macao. We're very excited about the Marina Bay Sands expansion. Although, just to sort of comment on it, kind of going down that vein, we have very high expectations for return on invested capital in both these markets. But when we first went into the Marina Bay Sands expansion in 2019 and we entered into a development agreement in April of 2019, a lot of things have changed. So it's probably going to be a lot more expensive. The pandemic brought additional costs. There has been material -- labor and material cost increases. There has been significant inflation globally, as everyone knows. It's just overall market conditions. But I think from what you see in this quarter, is that the strength in the market is on full display. We really believe that it's going to get stronger over-time. And particularly with investment in high-quality tourism assets, which is what the Marina Bay Sands expansion is. But I think it's really important to note that there's been significant inflation since we began discussions a year ago. So the cost at Marina Bay Sands expansion is going be a lot higher. The good news is, the market is so good. We think the opportunity is going to be a lot stronger or will do a lot better. So, I think to set expectations, the investments that we make, both in Macao, are going to be very strong return. We're very excited about them over the next concession periods. We're really looking forward to investing in Marina Bay Sands expansion. We think it's going to be a great asset. But both of these are going to be expensive. The good news is that we believe the returns are there or we wouldn't be doing them. So, I don't think our investment thesis has changed in either market with the cost inflation. We believe in our long-term success in these markets. We sort of have a very long-term thesis in both of them and going to deploy capital into both in scale. And we're going to look for high returns, and we feel very strongly about the opportunity in both of these markets. But I did want to say that it's going to be expensive and it's going to be worth it.
Rob Goldstein: We are fortunate to be in two markets: one, our expense, the two, reward the money spend. I think we're very fortunate to be in a market that can grow and grow, and we will continue to invest heavily because we believe we'll get back to much bigger numbers in both markets. So stay tuned. We appreciate your time today. Thank you very much.
Dan Politzer: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Sands' Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed on listen-only mode, but we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation.  It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations at Sands. Sir, the floor is yours.
Daniel Briggs : Thank you, operator. Joining the call today are Rob Goldstein, our Chairman and CEO; Patrick Dumont, our President and COO; Dr. Wilfred Wong, President of Sands China; and Grant Chum, EVP of Asia Operations, Las Vegas Sands and COO of Sands China.  Today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements. We will be making those statements under the safe harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results may differ materially from the results reflected in those forward-looking statements.  In. addition, we will discuss non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP financial measure are included in our press release. We have posted an earnings presentation on our website. We may refer to that presentation during the call. Finally, for the Q&A session, we ask those with interest to please pose one question and one follow-up question, so we might allow everyone with interest the opportunity to participate. The presentation is being recorded.  I'll now turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Goldstein : Thank you, Dan, and thank you for joining our call today. A few brief comments, then we move to Q&A. Macao's future is bright, remains the largest integrated resort market globally. Our commitment to investing in this incredible market is never wavered and with an unrivaled critical mass of world-class IRs as well as continued improvement in transportation infrastructure in the region. Macao will mature into a vibrant, diversified tourism market over the coming years. SCL's positioning and scale are perfect to capture the opportunity. Our diversified IR model with continuous investment in non-gaming segments, including MICE, hotel suites, live entertainment, retail, food and beverage, positions us well to capture the growth opportunity. Our diversity, scale and track record in non-gaming make us uniquely positioned to cater all segments of the market enable Macao to appeal to international tourists as well. The new concession is a win-win. We deeply appreciate the opportunity to operate one of those gaming concessions in the next 10 years. We are excited to deploy more capital to expand non-gaming offerings at SCL.  The $3.8 billion commitment is just a baseline. We hope to invest more as the market continues to grow. The commitment to develop non-gaming is the core of our investment and operating strategy for the past two decades, whether it be MICE, entertainment themed attractions or destination sales and marketing in overseas markets. We view the investment commitments by SCL and the rest of the industry is positive for Macao.  Over the past few weeks, travel restrictions have been lifted. It is too hard to tell the true measure of the underlying pace of recovery, but indications are extremely positive. We have seen significant improvement on property visitation, gaming volumes, retail sales and hotel occupancy.  We remain positive on investments in, The Londoner and Four Seasons. Our investments position us well as the market recovers. The quality of our new products will also help drive high-value tourism from the region, especially the overseas markets.  Turning to Singapore, our normalized EBITDA and gaming volumes are back now to the 2019 levels. Normalized EBITDA reached $386 million for the quarter. Rolling volumes are approaching 2019 level and mass win per day is now exceeding the level of 2019. We have also delivered strong performance in non-gaming across all segments, including retail, mall, hotel, F&B and MICE. Retail is especially noteworthy with a 26% increase in tenant sales per square foot versus 2019. Our [Indiscernible 0:03:45] casino renovation program is progressing. Renovated product will come online throughout the year. Looking ahead, Marina Bay Sands is poised for further growth as all of our markets recover and become free of travel restrictions and airline lift continues to recover.  Let's move to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] And the first question is coming from Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Joe, your line is live.
Joseph Greff : Hey, everybody, good afternoon. And good morning to those in Macao. My first question, obviously, is going to be on Macao, and Rob, Patrick, Dan, can you remind us what levels of mass GGR either on a dollar per day basis or as a percentage of 2019 levels, do you need to be at in order to be EBITDA breakeven? Obviously, the 4Q saw a narrowing relative to the 3Q. I'm presuming and would love for you to expand on it, I'm presuming what you're seeing thus far early in January is either at EBITDA breakeven or maybe more recently generating some level of positive EBITDA.
Rob Goldstein : So pessimistic, Joe. We're more than breakeven. A lot more than breakeven, doing just fine. I'll ask Patrick to give us some color on those issues, but I think we're past the breakeven. We're now in the positive territory moving towards very positive territory. Patrick?
Patrick Dumont : Thanks, Rob. So a couple of things to note. Mix is important here. So as you know, we're a mass and premium mass and really a large-scale tourism investment company. And I think the key thing to note is the market is open. Liquidity is in the market. This is going to be a premium led recovery.  We invested significantly during the pandemic. And the benefit of that investment is on full display. We have new suite products. We probably have the -- what we think is the best new property we've had in a long time, opened up in Macao. That investment is really showing power in the market right now today. There's significant non-gaming scale and investment that we've made that is bearing fruit. And so it's great to see the recovery. It's great to see the volumes coming back.  It's interesting, I think, Rob has talked a lot about pent-up demand over the years. He's witnessed it in other places earlier in his career. We saw it here in Las Vegas, and we experienced it fully in Singapore and now we're at a run rate that is really, really strong. And I think we're seeing that in Macao. I think the key thing is this is going to be a premium led recovery.  In terms of breakeven, I don't think that's really a consideration anymore. I think we're way past it.
Rob Goldstein : Yeah. Joe, I think we can be confident, be very honest and direct. We are in very positive territory and keep moving upside. I think the one thing I would say to you is that no one ever questions the power the base mass market. I would remind you I was looking at our numbers, base mass in Macao in our building costs about 1,500 Hong Kong per hand as an opening bet. So it's a couple of hundred bucks a hand USD. That's the base mass business. The problem we have right now is you can't get a seat in the games in our buildings. We're running 95%, 100% occupancy in those games. And the same applies to slot ETGs.  The big question everyone's thinking about obviously is premium mass. And I think you'll be pleasantly surprised when you can see the numbers coming out of the premium mass. And you'll see the liquidity, you'll see resilience in that segment. And it's been a very pleasant surprise. Grant, can you add some color to that?
Grant Chum : Yeah. Good morning and good afternoon. Yeah, I think the key thing we're seeing right now is that the quality of patronage is very high across all segments. So it's not just premium mass, it's also the base mass, it's in the retail segment. So we are seeing a very strong recovery in spend per customer. And again, that's not concentrated in any one segment. It's extremely broad based. And I think what you're seeing in the public numbers on presentation were recovered.  I think for CNY against 2019, we're about 40% of where we were in 2019, Chinese New Year for the first three days. And we're seeing revenues and volumes outperforming that visitation recovery, which is natural, which is what we've seen in other markets. So things are looking extremely positive right now.
Joseph Greff : Great color, guys. Thank you. And then maybe switching over to Singapore for my follow-up question. Obviously, your comments on mass gaming, Rob, obviously, very strong. Can you maybe talk a little bit about your comments that you believe on like forcing late December and thus far in January, there's been an inflection at least from the Mainland Chinese segment? Can you give us some perspective on the relative -- I don't know if you want to look at it on a revenue or EBITDA contribution looking at 2019 levels. And then where that was sort of more recently as a percentage of the total mix?
Rob Goldstein : Yeah. I'll let Patrick -- you want address that?
Patrick Dumont : Yeah, sure. I think the important thing to note is that there was this pent-up demand story in Singapore and now it's blossomed into full on bonanza. And so what we're really seeing is every segment is working. And so we had a lot of noise in this quarter because of the hold. We rolled north of $7 billion, which is pretty unbelievable considering where we came from. And the mass play was very, very strong. And so while we were doing this, we had almost 20% of our room inventory out. And so when you look at that 477 win number in mass and you look at the rolling volumes and realize we're out 20% of our rooms, there's a lot of leg room here. There's a lot of room for us to go. And so I want to be careful when we talk about margins and contribution because we're going to adjust that as we change mix, as we get rooms online as we go through the innovation, as we change our suite product, as we price up, as we yield up, and as we have access to higher value tourism. So this is really a forward-looking thing more than it is what happened in this quarter because we're going to continue to sort of adjust while we get our mix right.  So what I would look to in this business is margin expansion over time, more rooms coming online, better product, better service and, of course, being able to capture a very strong component of both VIP play and mass play.
Rob Goldstein : Joe, I think we're missing -- to Patrick's point, we're missing -- we're in a great place. We're back to 2000 -- we're back to 1.6 run rate if you take out the abnormal low hold on the rolling. But the two drivers that we just thought -- there's a lot of drivers, but the two jump off the page or renewed tours throughout Asia and China in particular. That's yet to come. We haven't -- we're doing all this -- we're in 2019 with no China participation and or limited China participation.  And as Patrick mentioned, a handicap physical plan, we are in a very, very fortunate position with MBS. I think it's going to become a property, a lot of growth. And I believe it's going to be a $2 billion business in the future. And I see nothing holding it back, except for our own renovations, which are extraordinary. I hope you get a chance to see it. And the reemergence of Asian tourism, including China back into the property.  The only regret we have is Singapore. We just like to have more capacity because -- you'll see -- I think you'll see in this year the power of -- the earning power of MBS. It's an extraordinary product, and we're lucky to have it.
Joseph Greff : And Patrick, just back to your mix and yield comment. Do we interpret that, at least if we look back to 2019, that, that China MBS patron was a -- had a positive mix on spend per trip or spend per day or gaming revenue per day?
Rob Goldstein : I think it's a combination of factors, Joe. I think, obviously, the China market is always powerful. But I also think there's cost issues in all these markets. There's this inflationary factors, undeniable, be it energy, wages -- I mean, there's a different world out there, and you've got to cope with it. But the thing about MBS that fascinates us is we believe we can drive revenues across the board. We're going to rethink our retail, rethink our table mix, our floor, our room pricing. We think we have a product that the demand will be close to insatiable for it, from the gamer and non-gamer perspective. And we're going to overcome margin cost -- margin by overcoming costs with higher revenues, a lot higher revenues across the board in every segment. That's the approach. We see MBS as a very unique product that's unrivaled in that part of the world. And we can just push pricing across the board, gaming pricing, ADR pricing, retail pricing, F&B pricing, it's just that good and that desirable. And let's face it, the market right now is using our favor. Singapore is very desirable from a lot of perspectives.
Joseph Greff : Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is coming from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Carlo, your line is live.
Carlo Santarelli : Hey, everybody. Thanks, and good evening. Rob, or whoever wants to handle this, I was just wondering, in the brief time that China has more or less reopened, have you guys seen positive or negative, any change in behavior as it pertains to patronage at MBS?
Rob Goldstein : MBS, that's a good question. I think it's too early to say we're going to see that. I see us as getting plenty of trying of participation, both in Macao and Singapore. But it's really too early to say. It just happened so quickly and the turnabout was so rapid that I think it's too hard to predict. I think the way this is going to segment though is that we're going to get more than our fair share of the rolling business in MBS. That moves in that direction, and we'll get the premium mass customer to visit more into Macao.  I think our business really is going to split in that direction. I think it's very predictable what's going to happen here, and we're okay with that. So Singapore will get the top of the top. But each of those places will get tons of premium mass demand from China and throughout the region. I also think people underestimate how powerful Macao can become as a desirable visitation place throughout China. It's got everything. It's got the rooms, it's got the access, it's got the -- one thing, it has beyond Singapore, it's has lots of capacity and lots to offer. So I think Macao is going to be a very strong international destinations ahead. We plan to be very aggressive trying to push people into Macao to see the property, all of our products.
Carlo Santarelli : That makes sense, Rob. Thank you. And then just as a follow-up, and I understand kind of looking backwards at things that are Macao related is somewhat pointless in the environment that we're in right now. But it's just -- it does stand out a little bit when looking at your base and premium mass table revenues from the slide deck, your premium mass is representing, I think, 20% of 4Q '19 base mass kind of more like mid-teens, 16, something like that. However, the premium mass is down considerably year-over-year, whereas the base mass is reasonably steady year-over-year. Is that a whole dynamic on just lower than normal historical volumes? Or is there something else that's kind of made those 2 diverge more recently here, and then the fourth quarter specifically?
Rob Goldstein : No, I think it's just a visitation issue. It's not a whole issue. It's visitations sure. I think you're going to find that washes out. I wouldn't take those numbers too much to heart. I think when you look at Q1, I wish when you see January, when those numbers are out there for the market, I think it will all wash away quite nicely. It won't be -- it won't enter into your thinking, Carlo. It's a nonevent. I think you'll see a surprising strength in both those segments.  I would say in Macao, we're going to be very strong, very represented in the base mass because we have the capacity. We're a scale player. And so we have the capacity in the gaming, non-gaming, retail, restaurant space to do extraordinary things in the base mass. And again, as I'll reiterate, base mass in Macao is a different animal than the U.S. It's a $200 base bet, $175 base bet. So pretty special customer. We are going to represent because of our scale.  But on the other hand, with all of our suite product, et cetera, I think we'll also be the leaders in the premium mass business. So we have a very strong future ahead of us in Macao. I always chuckle, people, if you're looking for a negative commentary in the Macao market, you're in the rolling earnings call.
Carlo Santarelli : Understood. And then, Rob, just quickly, if you could remind us, to the extent you guys are willing to share it, 2019, your direct VIP volume, your in-house VIP volume as a percentage of total, would you guys be able to share something like that?
Rob Goldstein : We would, but we won't.
Carlo Santarelli : Understood. You could, but you won't.
Rob Goldstein : We could share it, we just won't. No, we're not going to do that. But Carlo, thank you. It's good to hear from you.
Carlo Santarelli : Thanks, guys. You as well. Take care. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Stephen Grambling from Morgan Stanley. Stephen, your line is live. 
Stephen Grambling : Hi, everyone. Thanks. Can you hear me okay?
Rob Goldstein : Pretty clear, Stephen. Go ahead.
Stephen Grambling : So the visitation data for Chinese near looks like Hong Kong has been the bigger driver in the recent uptick in visitation. Is there any way to parse out recovery between Hong Kong and Mainland China? And any reason why spending behavior and recovery may be different between these source markets?
Rob Goldstein : Yeah. And I've got a perfect answer to that. Mr. Chum?
Grant Chum : Yes, you can see from the visitation numbers been published by the Tourism Bureau. The Mainland Chinese visitation is at about 30% recovery rate versus 2019 CNY. So obviously, with a 40% recovery for overall visitations, Hong Kong visitation recovery has been higher. Mainly, I think, as a result of just the ease with which they've been able to go. And obviously, Hong Kong has had a longer stabilized situation with, as it relates to the pandemic. So I think from a pure visitation point of view, it's just not unexpected. And bear in mind, the transportation support for the Hong Kong visitor only really opened up on the eighth of January. So this has been a very rapid increase in Hong Kong visitations. That said, I think we referenced back to the comments that Rob made earlier and I alluded to as well, I wouldn't get too stuck on the visitation recovery. I think in these types of reopening, we're going to see the premium customers come back first. The core customer coming back as a much bigger percentage than the overall visitation.  So I think what we're seeing is the quality of revenues and the patronage from all regions that visit in Chinese New Year has been very, very high. So we are way outperforming the visitation recovery in terms of volumes and revenue. And indeed, I think if you look at our property visitations our recovery rate in visitations to our own property, is far outperforming the recovery in the overall visitation numbers in the market versus 2019.
Rob Goldstein : Steve, to Grant's comment just, again, we don't want to confuse visitation with GGR. There's not necessarily an easy way to make them work. I was recently in Singapore, I walked in one of our retail stores with our retail person and she told me the sales in the store were like $70 million. And I said there's nobody here, no one in the store. And she said, Rob, we only need the right people, not a lot of people. I think that's what's happening in Macao, we gained the right people showing up in mass, and it's reflecting in the numbers. You'll see that when the market numbers come out.  I think the early adapters to the market are the right people for the market. And I think that's why there's a confusion in the visitation versus the actual revenues.
Stephen Grambling : Makes sense. And maybe as a related follow-up there, there's been a similar dynamic, stronger spend per visitor in the U.S. that ultimately drove much better margins. How are you thinking about the puts and takes to margins in Macao versus what we've seen in other markets?
Rob Goldstein : Grant, margins?
Grant Chum : Yeah. I think first of all, our cost structure is in good shape. It's been -- unfortunately, we've had to spend extra effort in optimizing the cost structure over the past two or three years. So we've got a very lean cost base right now.  In terms of gross margins on the revenue, I think a couple of things. One is our mix, obviously, is more favorable going forward just from a gross margin mix perspective simply because a vast majority of our revenues will be coming from the non-rolling and slot segments. And then secondly, the non-gaming, we expect to be growing, and that's obviously a much higher margin. We expect to be growing retail, hotel, F&B, actually all the non-gaming segments. So that's the structural framework for the margin. But obviously, the actual flow-through in the percentage margin we ultimately deliver from this very positive structure is really dependent on the rate of volume recovery. So we still need the top line to recover to a certain level before you get the flow through. And then to go beyond that, obviously, we hope and we all are working towards that, is for this market to continue to grow and, hopefully, at least in the mass segments and non-gaming segments glad to go beyond where we were in 2019. So if that happens, obviously, our margin structure should be very positive. So hopefully, that gives you a sense of how we think about the structure of margins going forward.
Stephen Grambling : Absolutely. Thanks so much. 
Rob Goldstein : Thanks, Stephen. 
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is coming from Robin Farley from UBS. Robin, your line is live.
Robin Farley : Great, thanks. I wanted to ask, you've obviously always been very focused on the mass business there. But some of your competitors that have been more VIP focused, are you seeing them do things differently now that there's not the VIP market to go after in the same way there had been? Is that -- is it too soon to be seeing what changes that might mean?
Rob Goldstein : I would assume it is, but I'll defer to Grant since he's on the ground. I can't imagine we have any visibility into that at this point. But clearly, we have a new market here, which favors our asset base. And our approach for the last 20 years has been scale. As you well know, Robin, it's a mass story with premium mass and retail commencing, et cetera. So we don't have things like -- it's tailor made for what we do, this environment. Our competitors will adapt and have to change. But I don't know. Grant, any color on that?
Grant Chum : Yeah. I think, Robin, the competition for premium mass has always been very intense. And I think we'll continue to be, given the dynamics you just referenced. At the same time, I think as Rob says, we've got a footprint and scale advantage on our [Indiscernible 0:24:40] non-gaming asset facilities, I think really position us very well for all segments of mass. And then as Patrick referenced at the outset, the product that we've been developing for the last three years, especially, The London and the Grand Suites at Four Seasons, are really prime position to help us be more competitive the premium lifestyle segments up in market as well as, I think, hopefully, to drive overall high-value tourism to Macao over the coming years. And I do as to point about international tourism as well. I think our footprint to combine with our new products and our traditional strength in MICE, in international marketing network really position us very well to bring those high-value guests to Macao as well.
Rob Goldstein : Great. Thank you for that color. And then just for my follow-up question on Macao. Can you give us sort of a rough sense of that dollar commitment that you've made to invest over the next 10 years in Macao? Kind of roughly what percent of that might be new projects and what percent might be -- might kind of fall into the OpEx line, kind of like overseas marketing and things? Just kind of CapEx versus OpEx split, just ballpark? Thanks.
Patrick Dumont : Yeah. Sure. I think one thing that would be helpful. If you turn to Page 22 in the presentation, you'll see some details on that. So it might be best to refer to those pages because we do break it out, and there are several pages behind it that explain what our concession renewal commitments actually are. So it's there in the presentation.
Robin Farley : It's always tough to get through all of your slides before the earnings call.
Patrick Dumont : I apologize. I think the key thing here is that we're very committed to investing in the Macao market. We think this investment will drive additional long-term tourism value and diversification of Macao's economy. We're very excited to make these investments, and we think these are things that will really help achieve our goals in the goals of the government. So we're looking forward to it actually.
Robin Farley : Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Shaun, your line is live.
Shaun Kelley : Good afternoon. Good morning, Grant. So just high level, as you kind of look through kind of what you're seeing probably real time, could you give us just your latest thoughts on maybe the pace of recovery here? Do you expect things to be pretty linear or any chance of whether it's COVID or restriction-related setbacks or anything else that could change what you're seeing on the ground? And obviously, Chinese New Year is fantastic. But it would seem like the opening here is just going to continue.  Any reason that, that would be kind of different from the reality? Or how are you seeing your bookings shape up and the patterns you're expecting to see over the next couple of months?
Rob Goldstein : I'd begin by saying, first of all, we're just thrilled to be open and making money and seeing demand like we're seeing. I don't think any of us have the aptitude or the insight to tell you what's going to happen -- they have post-change news.  But I do think longer term, you have to have real strong confidence. And you see -- when you get to see these numbers that we are seeing that this is a market that's going to rebound. This market has a strong base mass, premium mass. And some of the fears be in the market about, it was liquidity like, what's resiliency, I think those fears will be pushed to the side.  What's the trajectory and how fast it happens? I don't think any of us have the gumption to make venture a guess. I think it would be silly. We just feel fortunate we're open. We're operating. We think it keeps getting better, not worse. I don't believe COVID is going to be -- obviously, China has gone through a different trajectory than we did here in the U.S.  But hopefully, that won't be a problem. Again, I don't want to speak anything that I can't speak for. But if things keep going like they're going, we'll all be in a very happy place in 2023, especially, I think, somewhere in the second half of the year. As normal travel patterns resume, Hong Kong gets back on speed, Mainland China. I think there's a lot of growth potential and a lot of good thoughts coming our way vis-a-vis the future. We are -- again, as I said earlier, we're not going to tell you that we don't believe in this -- we believe in this strongly very strongly. We believe in our assets very strongly. We believe in international tourism in Macao very strongly.  So we're not going to predict when it happens, how it happens, how fast it happens. But we feel very positive about what's going to happen in Macao in the long term, very positive. And we're looking to investing money in there and getting back to where we were in the past in Macao. We couldn't be more positive on the can long term.
Shaun Kelley : Great. Thanks for that, Rob. And then maybe a little bit more specific one for Grant, if I may. But just wanting to dig in a little bit more on the labor and staffing side of what you're seeing in Macao right now. You talked about the margin structure high level. But are you fully expecting to return to levels of staff that you had pre-COVID?  Are you already there? Will it be even above those levels? Kind of what's needed and what have you optimized? I know those people have -- many of them have found employment elsewhere, the market has grown since where we started. So kind of how do you think about maybe either FTEs or overall operating expense run rates relative to 2019?
Grant Chum : I think, Shaun, we've also become more productive and efficient through the past couple of years. So I think we'll have to rethink -- it wouldn't necessarily be referencing exactly back to 2019. And also a mix of product has also changed quite a bit through the Londoner. We do have more high-quality non-gaming asset base to operate as well.  So to give you a bit more color, today, we are short of manpower relative to full operating capacity and relative to the demand that we're seeing. So we're not operating one of the Sheraton Towers as we speak. So we are minus 2,200 rooms from our operating capacity. And our newest hotel Londoner Court, which we soft opened in the past year, we're not at the full operating capacity for that high end all-suite hotel. We're still only about two thirds of the way through in terms of ability of manpower to operate the whole hotel. So both at the top end and at the mass end, we are still short of manpower to operate at full capacity. And we'll be progressively hiring to fill the gaps as we go through the recovery. And hopefully, within the next few months, we're going to be in a better place relative to our full operating potential because we clearly see the demand pattern, I think is going to urge the whole industry to staff up and to be able to operate, especially for these peak periods. And that's another part. We have no crystal ball as Rob says served on the post CNY. But clearly, the early indications of metrics like the demand for the hotels is telling you that, yes, the demand is staging a strong recovery.  And obviously, we're going to have to [Indiscernible 0:32:50]. Thanks.
Shaun Kelley : Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Chad Beynon from Macquarie. Chad, your line is live.
Chad Beynon : Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. In the slide deck, you highlighted principal areas of development being Macao, which we just talked about, Singapore, which we talked about, and New York, which I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on. But second part of that question is, I know in the past, you talked about other potential opportunities in Asia like a Korea or a Thailand, years ago we talked about Japan. Wondering if those are going quiet at this time. So I guess, firstly, on New York, and then secondly, potential Asian opportunities? Thanks. 
Rob Goldstein : Chad, let's revert your mind, I'll reverse it just. I think we all know that Thailand has been discussions there, and we're certainly looking at Thailand. And that's no secret has been in the press that Thailand is a possibility. So we're certainly looking hard at Thailand. I would love to be -- have a presence there in the future. Japan, as you referenced, is not there. And Korea is nothing viable to speak of today. So we'll jump to New York, which is an extraordinary and unique opportunity. And I think for the winning bidder or bidders, it's going to be an amazing opportunity because of a very simple dynamic of a huge market with limited capacity. There's only a few casinos there. It's probably the only place in the U.S. where you can have millions and millions of people, and yet there'll be probably just a handful of casinos total. The win per units there will be exceptional.  The lucky winner is going to do very, very well. I think the evidence of the market is clear just by looking at the three operating properties under the table games. And we really don't have much of a -- it's not a great product right now in New York as far as room capacity. It's still doing approaching USD 2 billion with just slot machines.  So our approach is very much in LVS, it's anchored by an LDH historical approach, which is scale and quality. We're not looking to build a casino, looking to build not a regional casino but rather a truly large hotel with spa convention space, dozens of restaurants, a new theater, a huge entertainment feature, a transformational product, which will positively impact the community and grow tourism a powerful statement. We're not looking to be in this thing in a limited way. We'll be all the way in. And we think if we do it, it will be transformational for the county we're working in, very good for the people in the county and something they can be very proud of. And it will drive tourism -- outsized tourism into Nassau. Our bid is very much traditional on the thinking of LVS large-scale with numerous non-gaming assets, lots of meeting space, probably 400,000 square per foot new space.  So I view New York very much very unique to the rest of the United States. It's not -- it's a population in the many millions to just a couple of casinos, very different here in Las Vegas. We've got a huge local market but dozens and dozens and dozens of casinos. There you'll be basically alone. And so it's going to be very -- it's an exceptional opportunity. It won't come along again. I think this is one and done. So we're trying very hard. And we've been trying to do New York for a number of years, but it looks like this is finally someone's opportunity. Hopefully, it's ours.
Chad Beynon : Thank you very much, Rob. And then secondly, I just wanted to ask another one on Macao, now that you've had some more data in the market, Grant. It seems like there's an even bigger shift towards Peninsula -- or I'm sorry, versus to Cotai versus Peninsula than we've seen in the past. I was wondering if you could confirm that or if that's really just kind of a mix of a reflection of what we're seeing from the different modes of transportation. Wondering if that's a trend that could continue in '23.  And then related to that, how are you thinking about your asset and the Peninsula there's CapEx opportunities? I know that's not part of the big CapEx plan. Thank you. 
Rob Goldstein : Grant?
Grant Chum : Sure. Rob, should I take that? Yes.
Rob Goldstein : Yeah. 
Grant Chum : I think I haven't seen any data on the split between Cotai and Peninsula. However, it stands to reason, I think, structurally, we see -- and we have always said that Cotai will become the primary hub. And I think even pre-COVID, we were already more than half of the mass revenues from Cotai. And I think that trend will continue.  I think there's a lot of different reasons. But I think at its heart, the main reason is just the cluster of world class integrated resorts that you have on Cotai. And what this, I think, next generation of these lifestyle consumers are looking for from Macao as a destination, and all of the investments in non-gaming that are going into basically making these results even more desirable over the next 10 years, all of those structural factors are surely will continue to push the balance of revenues towards the Cotai side, and that's a structural issue that will continue to evolve over the long time. As regards to -- we obviously have one asset on the Peninsula, we do intend to reinvest in that asset. But it clearly the majority -- the vast majority of our capital will still be going towards our Cotai properties.
Chad Beynon : Thank you very much. Appreciated. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Brandt Montour from Barclays. Brandt, your line is live. 
Brandt Montour : Hey, everybody. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Starting on Singapore. I was curious if you could compare the spend per visitor that you're seeing there to what we saw in Las Vegas in 2020 and 2021. If that's sort of holding up in the same way, if it's -- if the curve looks different quarter-over-quarter. And then if you want to throw Macao early days into that comparison, that would also be helpful.
Patrick Dumont : Yeah. I think it's really hard to compare between markets. The key thing to note is that it's really all about pent-up demand, consumer tourism experience and the products that we offer. And sort of the nature of those assets for high-quality tourism. So it's not really fair to compare between markets. The price points are different, the consumer behaviors are different. It really doesn't look the same. What is thematically similar is the pent-up demand story.  And Rob -- as I said before, Rob's seen it in his career in other locations. We experienced here in Las Vegas in a very strong way. We saw it in Singapore in a very strong way, and it's still in effect and we're starting to see them in Macao now and it's coming on strong. So I think it's really the nature of consumer behavior as opposed to the specific price points in each market.
Brandt Montour : Okay, that's great. 
Rob Goldstein : It's part of the -- to Patrick's point, think about what Singapore is market GGR versus Macao, Macao could be a $25 billion, $30 billion GGR market has been higher historically. And Singapore just doesn't have the capacity. And then Las Vegas is much more of a -- it's got a gaming component, it's got a very strong non-gaming. So it's almost impossible to apples-to-apples. The driving force is the scale of people in Macao in Singapore -- in Mainland China, the accessibility to adjustable market is so huge in Macao. And so the product offering. To Grant's point, the Peninsula, versus the Cotai, it's got such enormous capacity and great product. It's hard to -- that market is so outsized when it just back at full capacity, it's hard to compare than anything. It's so powerful.
Brandt Montour : Okay. Okay. Thanks for that. And then on Slide 22, the long-term commitments in Macao slide, on the capital, the left side of the slide, I was curious, looking at your plans for the next 10 years if you think you're going to be able to achieve return levels commensurate to recent projects that you've done in that market and you've enjoyed in that market?
Rob Goldstein : Yeah, we sure do. We forget, we -- you're talking to a bunch of people have been doing business in the count for 20 years, and we've seen the returns. We've seen what non-gaming can do. Our theaters, our retail, our entertainment has driven billions and billions and billions of dollars of EBITDA, and they will in the future as well. We have no concerns whatsoever about investing and getting a solid return on non-gaming commitments. All they do is drive more visitation to the market. They are additives to the market, certainly going to drive more business right now.  We look at this as a 10-year starting commitment and going beyond that. Our commitment to Macao is as long as we can be there. And so we have no hesitation to invest or show the market a very, very considerable return. Just look we've done in the past. I mean, on our current assets, mostly non-gaming. The lion's share of our investment in Macao is non-gaming, the great majority. It's worked out pretty well for us. So we think next 10 years, we'll continue that trend, and we're very happy and very committed to Macao.
Brandt Montour : Excellent. Thanks so much, everyone. 
Rob Goldstein : Sure. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Ben Chaiken from Credit Suisse. Ben, your line is live. 
Ben Chaiken : Hey, everyone. Just a quick one for me. Historically, capital return has been really important to you guys. Obviously, Macao is just beginning to ramp, and there's a lot of areas to invest. But how are you thinking about the dividend these days? Is that still important? And if so, how should we think about timing of that?
Patrick Dumont : Yeah. If Sheldon were here, he would say, yay [ph 0:42:49], dividends. I think someone put us on hold in Macao.
Daniel Briggs : Sorry about that.
Rob Goldstein : Brief commercial from Macao.
Patrick Dumont : So as I was saying, if Sheldon were here, and we miss him dearly, he would be saying, yay, dividends. I think Las Vegas Sands is a growth company. We're back to growth. We're a development company. We do large-scale developments in key markets. But most importantly, we're also a returning capital company.  And I think as our business returns and as we see normalization of cash flows, we're going to look to start the dividend again and be very shareholder friendly. But at the end of the day, we're very focused on the strength of our balance sheet of new development. And you heard Rob talk about New York, it's very exciting. There are other things that hopefully we'll get a chance to do in the near term. And opportunistically, I think we'll continue to deploy capital where the highest returns are. And as part of that, the dividend will be fundamental to our shareholder return strategy. But I think we're going to wait and see where operating cash flow ends up and we'll make some assessments at that point.
Ben Chaiken : Got it. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is coming from Steve Wieczynski from Stifel. Steve, your line is live. 
Steve Wieczynski : Yeah, guys. Good afternoon. So Rob or whoever wants to take this, I mean, if we look at visitation in Macao over the last, let's call it, week or so around the start of Chinese New Year, it does seem like it has been pretty strong. And I guess, is there any commentary or color you could give us about the spending patterns of these folks that are coming to the market? Meaning, are these folks gambling as much as they did before? Or is that some of that spending being pushed more into the non-gaming side of the floor? And maybe it's just too early to tell. But I think with how high Chinese savings levels are right now. I'm just wondering if you can provide any color around that.
Rob Goldstein : Yes. Yes. Yes. They're spending in retail, they're spending in gambling, they're spending, as we may have referenced so Steve, it's just the right customers showing up. And I think this is historically how it's worked out in the recoveries where those who are the most aggressive gamers and retail spenders show up first. And we're seeing that strongly in Macao. It's a very good audience, a very strong audience. You'll see the market numbers then come out.  It's really gratifying for those of us who wait along terrible three years to see these days return, and they returned. And I think the real question is these customers that are now the question is, how many more are coming behind them? Because to your point, visitation has been mediocre out of Mainland China, relative to what had been previously. We're not even there. We're getting some pretty big numbers coming out of Macao in the market.  So we're very enthused about it. I don't think -- it's not necessarily choosing gaming or retail, I think they're doing both, and then they're eating and shopping and funding everything. So -- it's very typical of these recovery situations where the people who wanted most to shop there and they're buying their spending enjoying life again. I think the Chinese are no different to the Americans who came to the U.S. markets and enjoy themselves. And hopefully, a party continues is just getting started, and we've got a very encouraging start to this reopening after the last three years.  Grant, do you want add some color to that, any issues you can raise that I haven't?
Grant Chum : No, I think it's just as you said. The nature of these reopenings, it will attract the high-quality customers first, and that's what we're seeing. And I think we saw that in Singapore in April as well. We had much stronger recovery in the Southeast Asian overseas spend in Singapore versus the recovery in the tourist arrivals. And I think Macao has also following something similar, except for the fact Macao has a much bigger advantage in being able to support visitation, not just by international airlift, regional airlift, but also by land and sea as well and domestic airlift then connecting through the Southern China as well.  So I think it's -- let's see how -- what the pace of visitation recoveries like versus the revenue recovery. But so far, I think the pattern that we've seen in CNY does support that pattern. Yes, you're getting a much stronger revenue. I think you are in visitation.
Rob Goldstein : I think that last comment of Grant's, that's a great one, in that this is on the air dependent market like Singapore. You'll need the airlines. You can come other ways, access to Macao is mostly vehicular or both. So I think it's a huge advantage for Macao that as the population conquers, the virus situation gets more confident, there's nothing to -- no impediments to massive growth in visitation coming to Macao from China. That's a very positive point.  But Steve, look, we just -- we are pleased we're seeing and they're spending in every direction. So we very -- we feel very fortunate. Hopefully, it just continues to ramp up from here.
Steve Wieczynski : That's great color. That's it for me, guys. Really appreciated. 
Rob Goldstein : Thank you, as always. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from David Katz from Jefferies. 
Cassandra Lee : Hi. This is Cassandra on behalf of David. Happy Chinese New Year to everyone. Yeah, I think a lot of my questions have been answered already, so I hope it's not getting repetitive. You've mentioned cost issues in all markets, especially in energy wages. So could you discuss to what extent are those permanent? And where we might be run rating in terms of EBITDA versus 2019 level today?
Rob Goldstein : We're not going to discuss EBITDA at this point, except for what you've seen in Singapore. I do think energy is a vast thing. It does vastly. It doesn't go one way, as you well know, whereas wages, I think, worldwide are going to be an issue for everybody. And I think we'll deal with that. They're not -- I don't see them coming down a whole lot. Again, our resorts and our capacity constrained ability to price up -- the rating at our business is you can price up and retain your margins. That, I think, will be our strategy in Singapore and also in Macao. I don't think wages are going to decline greatly. I think Grant alluded to efficiencies, and then that's important. We have a large workforce, in the tens of thousands, in Macao. So more efficient and better doing what we do, that should be helpful. But I think we're all going to live with at this point in the U.S. and Asia, higher wages appear to be in the structure for now. Patrick?
Patrick Dumont : I think the key thing is that by the nature of our business, we have resiliency in the face of inflation. As Rob mentioned, we have a lot of flexible pricing, hotel rooms, gaming pricing, the way we operate food and beverage, that we operate all of our non-gaming amenities. These are not long-term contracts. We have the ability to go with the market.  So while there are some structural increases around wages, around inputs that we use, at the same time, we have the ability to price because of the unique nature of our products the experiences we offer to be fair to the positioning of the products that we have. We've invested a lot over many years in both markets, the reason why they're so strong. So in our mind, inflation is a real thing. We have to take into account but we have the ability to work through it and actually grow the margins of our business over time.
Cassandra Lee : Great. Thank you. And shifting to New York, how do you share or disclose publicly what kind of investments you expect to make if you win the gaming license versus if you don't?
Rob Goldstein : Yeah, the current thought in our heads is about $4 billion to $5 billion. Again, this is not a regional casino. This is a full-blown resort. With MICE, entertainment, retail, restaurants, it's the real thing. It's not meant to be a small time investment. We're going all the way in and building something transformational that drives tourism. And we think will be the biggest, in terms of the casino business will be the biggest revenue generator.
Cassandra Lee : Great. Thank you so much for taking my questions. 
Rob Goldstein : Thank you, appreciated. 
Operator: Thank you. And the last question today will be coming from Dan Politzer from Wells Fargo. Dan, your line is live. 
Dan Politzer : Hey, good afternoon, everyone. And thanks for [Indiscernible 0:51:23] I guess, first on Macao. I know VIP was historically about a quarter of your total business. I mean, to what extent, if any, have you seen this customer return and in what form has it been more of a credit, a direct VIP type customer? Or is this customer showing up in premium mass?
Patrick Dumont : So one thing to note is the VIP contribution was much lower than that. So let's call it, high single digits, low double digits historically. We've always been mass and premium mass driven. So it's -- on a contribution basis because the margins in premium and VIP and, to be fair, junket business, were always structurally much different than they were for our mass business. So we've always been led on a contribution basis by our mass play and our premium mass play. And you can tell that by our asset base and how we speak to our customers and the type of tourism we attract. That being said, I do want to turn it over to Grant for some additional comments.
Grant Chum : Thanks, Patrick. Not a lot to add. I mean, all of our rolling business currently is in the premium direct program. And I think the second point is premium mass is doing recovering much, much faster than premium direct. I think that's what we're seeing right now.
Dan Politzer : Got it. And then just a follow-up on the New York investment, the $4 billion to $5 billion you mentioned, I mean, is there -- should we expect a commensurate return on that type of project that you've seen in your Asia-based investments or given the high density population, the spend curve per unit, is there reasonable to think that there could actually be upside to that kind of 20% historical return?
Patrick Dumont : I think for us, we're very focused on return on invested capital. So Rob and the rest of the team really looks everywhere that we can to try to best deploy capital in the highest return outcomes. And so we would be interested in New York, if we didn't think the returns were there. We think it's a very strong potential opportunity. And for us, it's going to be about the jobs we create, about the tourism we drive about the investment in the local community, the relationships that we have. In every market that we're in, we're typically the largest trade partner with small and medium enterprise. We're looking to develop deep community routes, so we can support the community and really show this industry is something that can benefit everyone. So we're very excited about it. We think the returns are there. Otherwise, we wouldn't be interested.
Dan Politzer : Got it. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time. And have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-19 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Sands' Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]  It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations at Sands. Sir, the floor is yours.
Daniel Briggs: Thanks, Paul. Joining the call today are Rob Goldstein, our Chairman and CEO; Patrick Dumont, our President and COO; Dr. Wilfred Wong, President of Sands China; and Grant Chum, EVP of Asia Operations and CEO of Sands China. Today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the results reflected in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we will discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. We have also posted an earnings presentation on our Investor Relations website. We may refer to the presentation during the Q&A portion of the call. For the Q&A session, we ask that participants please pose one question and one follow-up, so we might allow everyone with interest the opportunity to participate. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Goldstein : Thank you, Dan, and thank you for joining our call today. A few brief comments and we'll move to Q&A. The recovery of Marina Bay Sands continued during the quarter with property EBITDA reaching US$343 million. Relaxation of virus-related restrictions in Singapore and many of the source markets, coupled with the improvements in airlift, have enabled this performance and financial -- this improvement in financial performance. We expect a robust recovery over time as further relaxation measures in the region are implemented and additional airlift in Singapore comes online. Our $1 billion capital investment program currently underway at Marina Bay Sands has introduced exceptional new suite product in premium segment-focused amenities of the resort. The response to these initial offerings has been strong. Additional offerings, including spacious new suite products, will be introduced throughout the remainder of this year and 2023. We look forward to substantially increasing our investment in the Singapore market as we execute our expansion plans at MBS in the years ahead. Turning to Macao, the operating environment remains difficult. Importantly though, tourism with restrictions have been relaxed to customer demand and spending in Macao have proven resilient at the premium mass level from both gaming and retail perspective. We appreciate the opportunity to submit our tender proposal for one of the six gaming concessions in Macao in September. We are now in the consultation phase of the tender program. And as such, we won't be able to comment much further on the process at this time. We are big believers in Macao as a world center of tourism and leisure. We have been the biggest investor and operated non-gaming businesses over the past two decades in Macao. We absolutely welcome the opportunity to invest even more in the non-gaming products and offerings in Macao. We have great confidence in Macao's tourism recovery and its long-term growth prospects as we do most of our -- we'll do our utmost to support Macao's economic diversification and its evolution as Asia's leading destination for MICE and leisure visitors. We consider our existing portfolio of resorts in Asia to be an ideal platform for growth in the years ahead. In addition, we continue to pursue opportunities to develop new large-scale land-based destination resorts in both the U.S. and Asia.  We thank you for listening today, and I'll turn to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question today is coming from Joe Greff from JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff : Yes, Rob, Marina Bay Sands, you're run rating close to $1.4 billion in annualized EBITDA. And as you referenced in the investor slide presentation, without any contribution from a geography, namely China, given what you're seeing with improved easing regional visitation volume in, say, other non-China geographies, do you think you can get to 2019 EBITDA levels at some point in the next year or so without direct contribution from China?
Rob Goldstein: Joe, we think Singapore is in a very unique place. I think we easily achieved 2019 levels. And as you referenced, we have three great impediments right now. We have -- obviously, tourism to China is very limited. We also are running about 55% visitation into Singapore from the rest of Asia, which means -- and that may seem odd to reference that because you think, well, we're running at the high levels of occupancy. But keep in mind that, that residual tourist that comes in does not sleep at the MBS property, gambles there, shops there, eats there. So we're getting hurt, I think, on the table business by not having all the hotels in Singapore operating at full level. It's a big business for us because MBS is the first protocol from those visitors, whether they're sleeping there or not, they go there. That hurts our business. And despite that, we're achieving $700 win per units on the slots and huge retail numbers, but the upside is material. Third impediment is our sleeping rooms. We had about 400 or 500 units down right now. I think Singapore, it's just beginning. I always joke with the guys here, the party is just starting in Singapore. The truth is that Singapore is going to grow and for a couple of reasons. One is the destination is getting more powerful than ever. Our building is getting better than ever. And I think when you see a rebound from China and the rest of Asia, one, six looks very small in terms of our ability to grow with much larger than that. I think we can keep going to $2 billion the next couple of years if we get it right in the market for recovers. So as much as we like the numbers currently, we think there's much better days ahead for Singapore. That market and that destination has grown quite a bit in terms of the Asian tourism world. And I think our numbers will reflect that years ahead.
Joseph Greff : Great. And then switching over to Macao, I'm not going to sort of waste, I guess, my bullet of the question on concessionaire terms and other things I'd love to ask about. But maybe can you just remind us what your expectation or what your conversations during the consultation process, what the timetable is for the license renewals to be finalized? When would you expect to hear from the government and then the government's end result to be publicly communicated? And that's all for me.
Rob Goldstein : We woke our colleagues up in Asia in a deep sleep to participate. I'll let them answer that question. Gentleman, Grant and Wilfred, both online correct?
Daniel Briggs: Correct.
Rob Goldstein : Are you awake, guys?
Wilfred Wong : Yes, we're up.
Grant Chum : Yes.
Rob Goldstein : Answer away. Do you need the question?
Wilfred Wong : Well, we've been working with the government closely. And a couple of rounds of discussion has been held. We are waiting for the government notification, whether there will be another next round of discussion. And the timetable remains the same. Everything is in good progress, and we expect some notification towards the end of the month for us to know what's the next step.
Rob Goldstein : Grant, do you have anything to add, any additional commentary, Grant?
Grant Chum: No, I think that's right. And we obviously welcome the smooth progress in the process. And we still do expect the entire process to complete by the end of the year, as previously stated by the government.
Operator: The next question is coming from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. .
Carlo Santarelli : Obviously, Rob or whoever wants to take this, you guys had a significant boost in kind of hotel revenue out of Singapore and namely in ADR. Any color you guys could provide? I mean, I know strategically, you're looking to put the best customers in that building right now from a gaming perspective. And obviously, that's showing up in the numbers, both on the VIP segment roll and mass segment roll. Anything you could provide as to kind of how the mix has changed at that property? I assume some of that ADR is just kind of casino comp room and that's kind of what's making that sound so significant?
Rob Goldstein : I think, Carlo, one of the most significant things is what's not there. We're running like 96%. You see on Page 14, the reference page, ADR $515. I think, again, we're just beginning. We only have half the recovery in terms of -- China is not there, most of Asia is not there. Our point is, the mix gets better and better because demand gets higher and higher. Our problem there's going to be enough rooms to service all the demand FIT casino.  And I think we pointed two great variables: one being retail, which is that mall just keeps getting better and will keep getting better. And then our win per unit on the slot side looks strong. But I think the refocus on Singapore as a destination market, as a market in great ascent illustrates what the upside could be in the -- on the tables, the non-rolling tables. Rolling tables will probably get the whole new level, but demand for the non-rolling tables is what I'm waiting for recovery. And that's where you see China and the rest of Asia full lift comes back. So right now, we're just faced with -- the sad reality is we like to have a lot more rooms in Singapore because that $515 is a real number, it could be a lot higher as demand keeps lifting. We can sell hotel resolve there longer at top dollar rates from the FIT side. We have great demand, much better than pre-pandemic demand from the rolling side. So again, the 343 is a very nice number, a good print in lieu of what's happening in that market.  But I think the best phase of Singapore next couple of years as we keep growing -- and you're going to see our refocus on our mix in the retail segment. Our room mix, we're going to continue to focus. I mean the right room mix, top-tier rooms, the right food and beverage product, we've got to work harder because Singapore as a destination is growing measurably. We want to be a part of that. So we're just in a very good place in Singapore. I think looking back, we always thought one, six was a very nice number. Hopefully, obviously a small number in the future.
Carlo Santarelli : Great. That's helpful. And then if I could, as you guys have talked about in the past and the thoughts on development, clearly, the New York process is kind of underway. Could you perhaps maybe share a little bit of your thinking around your approach and perhaps how you're thinking about the broader process timeline in general for New York?
Rob Goldstein : Waiting for a Governor Hochul’s advice to how that's going to process will begin. As you know, we've always been focused on the market for many years. We have a bid we're putting it right now. We have property we're put together right now. Very bullish on New York as a market. Tough because one really, I think, one available license at the end of the day, I think it's been a very -- a dog fight. And hopefully, we have a bid that gets attention. But other than that, time table looks like January for the RFP. I think sometime in '23, maybe you see a decision. And we'll put our best foot forward, that's for sure. It would be a perfect market to be in with the density of population and ethnicity.
Operator: The next question is coming from Robin Farley from UBS.
Robin Farley : Can you give us a sense of when -- what your expectation is for a more open border and whether there's still an expectation that November would see the package tour visas and electronic visas, is that something that you feel like is still moving forward and will still allow for increased visitation to start?
Rob Goldstein : I'm going to ask your former colleague, Mr. Chum, to answer that question, Robin.
Grant Chum : Sorry, Robin, I couldn't quite hear the question. Can you repeat that?
Robin Farley : It was just about your expectations around timing for the border to be a little more open in Macao and specifically anything on the changes that were planned by early November for visa applications to be electronic and packaged tour visa to restart?
Grant Chum: Yes, sure. I mean I think, Robin, there has been a positive announcement on the relaxation with regards to two groups as well as the electronic Visa application in four provinces and also in Shanghai expected to commence end of the month or early November. And so that's obviously going to be a very positive signal for a gradual recovery in the visitation especially from these key provinces and municipality. And obviously, we welcome the development. Clearly, in the past few weeks and also months, it’s still being relatively impacted by the COVID cases in different provinces as far as the non-Guangdong visitation is concerned. So what we're seeing right now in Macao is predominantly coming from the Guangdong province. But hopefully, as we get out further into the fourth quarter with these recent measures, we're going to start to see a more well-rounded mix of visitation building up towards the end of the year.
Robin Farley : Okay. And then also for my other question on Singapore. I know you’ve said that the deadline to start construction was extended to April 2023, and that's -- you had said that before this quarter. Just wondering if you have anything more definitive about when that would happen?
Patrick Dumont: I think -- it's Patrick. I think the great news is, as Rob said in his opening remarks and the questions, our performance in Singapore is very strong. It's a privilege market and now tourism there is really remarkable given some of the constraints. The spending power of the consumer there is tremendous. We're really focused on high-value tourism and you're seeing the results of that in our results. And I think the Tower 2 in our [IR 2], in our mind, has just tremendous potential. We're very excited about it. But unfortunately, we don't have any update right now about the timing. So we're working on it. We're in process. And as we make a little bit more progress on our work there, we'll be able to disclose further about where we're headed. But as of right now, we're very optimistic about it. We're excited about the project. We think it really will speak to a very powerful part of the market. Now we don't have an update on timing.
Robin Farley : Can I just ask one clarifying question on that? It had sounded previously like the timing of the budget and all of that was because of the pandemic and the disruption from that. If your business level has sort of fairly recovered, is that still the kind of uncertainty in the commencing construction? Or are there other factors that are more of a gating issue at this point?
Patrick Dumont : It's really just process. I think there's a certain number of steps that we have to go through to be able to build. And so those processes were delayed because of the pandemic and because of some of the government agencies that we have to deal with being focused on very pressing matters. So now that they're able to reengage, we'll start that process again and begin on the path. And as we follow sort of the steps necessary, we'll be able to provide an update. But it's really just timing related to things necessary to begin. There's a lot of things that have to happen to make a building of this scale and complexity in the location that it's in, get all the approvals, go with the steps necessary to begin.
Rob Goldstein : And Robin, I would say, the process for us is a learning -- is an evolutionary process. We keep thinking how about this market differently as we learn more and see more. And so our thinking has changed, there's the size of on gaming capacity, who the customer is. Singapore is morphed from what it was five years ago to hold it in place now. And I think it's affected our thoughts on what we build and so forth and how good should it be and how powerful it should be. And I think it's slower we want to be, but it's been the end of a very, very important product.
Operator: The next question is coming from Dan Politzer from Wells Fargo.
Daniel Politzer : So just -- you guys are seeing a lot of strength in terms of the room product right now. You're doing the $1 billion project renovation on your room product and MBS. I mean how do we think about the return of that given this should be fully online next year? And do you think you can get to that typical kind of 20% return historically or maybe higher even in the absence of the Chinese consumer coming back?
Rob Goldstein : I think we need the Chinese consumer. We -- a couple of these to happen, let's be clear, we need to see China return at some point to achieve our goals. We also need to see the balance of Asia open up and come back at. Again, as I referenced earlier, the 55-or-so percent number, which is compared to 2019 isn't good, we need Singapore full on because our building, if you walk through there, when there's tens of thousands, hundreds of thousand people there, they're all staying there. There's the other hotels from the business. So these other hotels are very important to us.  So we need two things happen. Our innovation will complete in late '23. The balance of Singapore -- of Asian tourism into Singapore should be hopefully by Q2 complete. And that leaves the one barrier we can't answer as to China return. But when all that happens, do we think we can get you a very fat return? Oh, yes. I'd like to believe we can -- our goal is to get to $2 billion in Singapore. And we believe that's not difficult if the market returns in full.  So keep in mind that we went into Singapore with a very different mentality a decade plus ago. The evolution of Macao into a really the premier FIT gaming market probably right now in that region is MBS. And I think we're experiencing the beginning to return, but it's not nearly where it needs to get to for us to get to $500 million a quarter. But I think that -- we'll hopefully see that in the years ahead. So we feel very bullish.  And I can't think of a better place to invest our capital than Singapore and Macao, and Singapore has proven to be terrific opportunity. We put a lot of money in Macao. That will open up the fence and be a good opportunity. But right now, Singapore is very, very exciting for us. And yes, we're very confident the returns will be there.
Daniel Politzer : Got it. And then just pivoting to Macao. Another one on the group tours and the e-visas being resumed. I mean can you maybe frame how big these components work for your business in 2019? And then secondarily, if we think about these parts of the business returning and coming back online, is there a path to Macao getting to positive EBITDA in the fourth quarter, assuming no major outbreaks? 
Rob Goldstein : I'll ask Grant to reference that. But I think we should be careful. We don't -- it's very hard, as you know, right now, predictions of Macao had been erroneous the last couple of years because we don't know who's going to come and we don't know when they'll close the market. It's been stopping the start for so long. It's kind of silly for us to pontificate on exact gains in EBITDA. Could be EBITDA positive? Sure, these positive tomorrow if things open up and visitation returns. And that's going to happen at some point. But I think it's not -- it's difficult for us to tell you fourth quarter could be EBITDA positive without knowing what effect the visitors team will have in November and then also not knowing how zero COVID in force will happen. So there's certainly unknowns in Macao is very difficult to guess. Grant, Wilfred, any commentary?
Grant Chum: Yes, Rob, I think Rob is right. I mean, the prediction of the future is tough. I think what we can say about the past is the group package tours represented roughly 1/4 of the visitation before the pandemic. With respect to electronic visas, we don't have those numbers. Obviously, it varies significantly from province-to-province. But clearly, the provision or availability of that node of application absolutely is helpful to facilitate the visa application for those relevant provinces.
Operator: And the next question will be from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley : Maybe just to stay on Singapore, my first question is just to ask a little bit about trying to triangulate a little bit more on sort of what you're seeing behaviorally. When we look at RevPAR, for instance, I think it's about 6% versus 2019. Is that a decent gauge of, let's call it, the consumer and the, let's call it, the spend per person or per head. Is it better than that? I'm just trying to kind of think about pent-up demand or what you're seeing on kind of a core visit-to-visit basis versus what we've seen in some of the Western markets because we don't have a great proxy in Asia yet about sort of how pent-up demand is going to play out and just trying to kind of see what you're seeing a little bit more.
Rob Goldstein : I'm going to ask Patrick to take that, but I want to say one thing, it's critical to understanding is that Singapore is much different. I think this is the obvious response to that. Singapore is much different than Las Vegas or U.S. regional because of the obvious that you got to fly to get there, so you had to take other countries opening up and it's like buying wine in Burgundy, a lot of different regions in Burgundy. Well, there's a lot of different regions in Asia that don't open, haven't opened, airlift is a problem. So we're really hampered. As nice as what 340 is for the quarter, I think you're not getting the full power. It's hard to differentiate versus other places. The truth is that Singapore remains really held back by no China or little China and the regional market there, depending on airlift. The difference, Macao will be -- when Macao opens up, it's like Las Vegas or regionals. You can come right in without airlift. You're not airlift-dependent. So I do think Singapore right now is in kind of unclear, uncertain environment. It's nicely making 1.4 billion, whatever the number annualizes. But we won't know the full power of this market. We see it in retail. We see it in local slot play is still strong. We see it in rolling volumes are strong because everyone is coming to Singapore, especially the F1. But I think what you're not seeing yet is unleash the full power of this destination and what's happening. Patrick?
Patrick Dumont : It's a very interesting question. I think the key thing to note is that it's a data point for the quality of tourism coming into Singapore. And the high amount of consumption that's there when tourists visit, there are constraints and there were constraints from during the quarter. So as Rob mentioned at the beginning, you see from the deck, we had approximately 500 rooms out of inventory during the renovation, the rooms that are coming online are probably the best products we've ever had. We're very proud about that. We think we'll be able to trade up in terms of the quality of the tourism that we get out of those rooms once the completion is there. One thing to note is that we'll be done at the end of '23. So we're going to have a few more quarters of disruption as we take rooms out of inventory to complete the renovation process and rebate Sands. The other thing to note is that the airlift is not there. And some of the other hotels around the Singapore market do not have the full capacity because of labor constraints. So once these things are removed from the market that act as limiters, then you can get an idea of what the true potential would be in a run rate environment. But I would still call this a little bit of a recovery quarter. So we think there's more potential to run as we fix some of these things that are sort of limiting the way that we can earn. And to be fair, the market can earn.
Rob Goldstein : If you look at our sales in the retail mall on Page 31, it gives you some indication that we're running at $2,300, $2,400 a foot at Marina Bay Sands from the third quarter. I also think if you look at the rolling volumes as they start to kick in, I think those are great data points as you get quality coming. But again, it's early days. I think the recovery quarter is the right way of approaching it.
Shaun Kelley : Super helpful. And sort of want to go down the same path, transitioning over to Macao. And I'm not sure it's the exact right way to look at it. But here, you do this slide on Slide 12 where you kind of break down the mass win per visit, which I find to be very, very valuable. Just as we think about that level, and we saw the sort of pullback from what was probably a very premium mass driven business back over the -- like last eight quarters or so, the last two quarters? Have looked a lot like where you were back in kind of 2018, 2019. Is this the right -- which one of those two, either the sort of pent-up demand we saw over the last eight quarters or kind of these more recent numbers is a better guide for what we think normal activity might look like in Macao?
Robert Goldstein : Grant, do you want to take that?
Grant Chum: Yes, I'll take that, Rob. Yes, thanks for the question. I think it's interesting looking at that trend as you highlight for the past several quarters. I would say the difference that you highlighted with the previous two quarters versus the prior eight, it's really just a function of the regional mix. So into 2022, we've had a much more Guangdong bias mix, if you look at the visitation data, and that's mainly a result of the various COVID outbreak impact on the non-Guangdong source of visitation. So if you're looking at the period post-pandemic, that's clearly the differentiator. And then if you compare with pre-pandemic, then it's, of course, still very much premium mass coming back faster. And I think that broadly stands notwithstanding or up Asia adjusted for the regional provincial mix. I think that's still a valid point, and it's borne out by the data series. So obviously, premium mass comes back first and then the mass comes back later. But this year, definitely, there's an impact from the regional mix as well.
Shaun Kelley : Very helpful. Thank you.
Rob Goldstein : I think we all agree to underlying demand in Macao's going to be there once COVID resolved. And no difference happened probably in the U.S. and again, with our footprint there, our size, our scale, we know the base mass, premium mass is going to drive this thing. The only variable we don't know is the missing junket segment, how impactful will be. But we believe -- again, when that door does open, I think the pent-up demand is going to be extraordinary.
Operator: And the next question is coming from Brandt Montour from Barclays.
Brandt Montour : On Singapore, can you guys give us the room rate differential between the finished room product and the legacy room product at run rate?
Patrick Dumont : I think the problem is the -- it's Patrick. I think the problem is there's so much noise in the comparison because what we would be giving you is 2019, and this is not a fully open market yet. What we'd like to believe is after the quality of the renovation to be fair, we were taking keys out of inventory to create larger suite product. The level of design, we have a new service model. We've changed out a lot of the team there in order to improve our service delivery. There's a lot of things that are going to be different. So I don't want to quote you a number until we get to the run rate. But the key takeaway is that we're very focused on high-value tourism. We're investing in room product, we're investing in personnel and training and in service delivery and in food and beverage and other amenities in the property to ensure that we can sort of capture that high-value tourist. And that's really what you'll see over time.
Rob Goldstein : I think one thing you just have to do, you want to understand this thing is you will have pictures listen to us, but jump on a plane some day and go see it. The product we're building there is unlike any haven't been done in Singapore, it is our spirit to what we've done the best in our competitors. And so I think when people -- our response has been across the board perfect in terms of be able to view this product. I think the impact is going to be much higher than we understand because you build something that good, people respond to it. I would encourage anybody who's in that part of the world to spend a day at Marina Bay Sands and we'll show you what we're doing is pretty impressive.
Brandt Montour : Great. That's helpful. And then as you -- again, on Singapore, one of the narratives on the early days of the reopening in that market was that Singapore was gaining share of groups and convention business from Hong Kong. As you talk to your meeting planners and bookers and they're looking out six, 12 months, 18 months. Is there a sense that with Hong Kong starting to reopen that, that market is sort of trying to regain some of that share? Or is that market too uncertain? And the momentum is being maintained for Singapore in that business?
Patrick Dumont : So Singapore is open for business. And so that means a return of leisure tourism, which we're benefiting from directly and the return of business tourism, which we're seeing in a strong way. I don't think we can draw a comparison with Hong Kong because access is different. So I think the way to look at it now is Singapore has always been a very strong MICE market. And I think it will continue to be so because of the investment, the high-quality tourism assets it's important as a financial center. We intend to invest behind this thesis. And so we think it's generally a very strong place to do business tourism. In terms of Hong Kong, I don't think we're at run rate yet to really understand sort of what that means. There's still COVID restrictions. There's still other restrictions in operation. So until those return to a more normal time, I think it's going to be hard to have any view at all.
Operator: And the next question is coming from Stephen Grambling from Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Grambling : You mentioned the trade-up and quality of the new rooms in Singapore. Can you just remind us of the cadence of rooms coming out and coming in over the next couple of quarters? And also talk to the net impact from these actions split across any uplift from renovated rooms versus the older rooms and maybe even tying in headwinds from those closed?
Patrick Dumont : So we're going to have, let's call it, anywhere from 300 to 500 keys out of circulation across the next five quarters. And then the room renovation will wrap up and the tower will be fully -- the 2 towers will be fully ready by Chinese New Year '24. And actually by the end of '23. So that's sort of the cycle. So we're going to have we're going to have not our full potential of room delivery during the next five quarters.
Stephen Grambling : Are you currently delineating between the new rooms in terms of pricing in the old rooms?
Patrick Dumont : There is some variability there, yes, but it also depends on which room within the segment so that we have certain suites that are out, certain rooms that are in, depends on the time. Yes, there is some differentiation. So there is a blend there.
Stephen Grambling : Got it. And then maybe turning to Macao. The market share there in mass has been quite volatile. How would you frame how your market share may evolve in a market recovery as different segments return, as you've described in a bit of a cadence premium mass and then mass?
Rob Goldstein : Grant, do you want to have that?
Grant Chum: Sure. Yes, thanks for the question. Yes, I think it is volatile right now because the volumes are so thin. So I'm not sure looking at this quarter or even the prior quarters is particularly meaningful at this point. But I think going forward, I think as Rob referenced, we expect a strong comeback of both premium mass and mass. And I think in those segments, we're going to perform very well. Obviously, there's a past history there. But also, I think looking forward, we are coming off these fantastic product investments that we've made during the pandemic with the $2.2 billion investment program that we've implemented and now coming out on the other side pretty much completing with the London arena being the last component. So with the Londoner and the Grand Suites at Four Seasons, we feel very strongly that we're going to perform very well in the market share front. Across all of these segments, not just because of the suites, speaking to the premium mass segment, but also for the mass segment, I think we'll end up with these three wonderful iconic destinations to follow on from The Venetian and The Parisian and now with the Londoner Macao, which is already starting to gain so much traction with the people who have been able to visit and also locally as well.
Operator: And the last question is coming in from David Katz from Jefferies.
David Katz : If you could just talk a little bit about what you may have learned past quarter or so about the mix of revenue in recovery in Macao, what should we expect? And what role does sort of VIP play in all of this? And I know obviously, premium mass is the focus. But help us break down the different streams, if you can.
Rob Goldstein : Mr. Chum, are you still awake?
Grant Chum : Yes, still going. Yes. I think as I referenced earlier, I think there is a mix between the business segment -- the matrix between the business segment as well as the regional breakdown. So I think if you're just looking at the business segment, then clearly, VIP right now is -- has very low levels of volume, especially versus premium mass and even mass. But part of this impact in 2022 is also the regional composition of the business where we're obviously very Guangdong-dependent right now and have been for most part of this year. But I think going forward, it should be like how we've been seeing, which is the premium as we'll come back first and more strongly and then followed by the mass. And this is also true if you look at the retail numbers, what we've seen is 2021 very, very significant performance in the luxury retail segment. And of course, 2022, less so. But again, it's really impacted by that regional difference. And then going forward, yes, similar trends, we expect the luxury retail to come back first and the fastest and then you follow through with the mass retail.
Operator: Looks like we lost David. We did have another question come in, from Ben Chaiken from Credit Suisse.
Benjamin Chaiken : Just kind of want to level set as we close the year. I think we mentioned tour groups and e-visas for a few provinces in Shanghai, either at the end of this month or early November. Is it possible that Macao could have breakeven or positive EBITDA as we go into the end of fourth quarter? Or do you think that's out of the realm of expectations?
Patrick Dumont : Yes. I think the difficulty is, we don't know. We've been in these conditions for 2.5 years. We're very hopeful. We're going to continue to invest in Macao. We feel very strongly about Macao's future and the opportunities that exist there for leisure and business tourism but we just don't know. So as of right now, we're just waiting patiently, and we're going through the process, and we're looking forward to the opportunity for the upcoming concession.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-20 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Sands Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. So we will open the floor for your questions and comments following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations at Sands. Sir, the floor is yours.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you. Joining the call today are Rob Goldstein, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Patrick Dumont, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Dr. Wilfred Wong, President of Sands China; and Grant Chum, Chief Operating Officer of Sands China. Today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the safe harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures that's included in the press release. We have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the Q&A session, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so we might allow everyone with interest the opportunity to participate. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rob.
Robert Goldstein: Thank you, Dan, and thank you for joining our call today. A few brief comments than we move to Q&A. The recovery in Singapore at MBS accelerate during the quarter with property EBITDA reaching $390 million. The relaxation of pandemic related restrictions in Singapore and many of its source markets has enabled this encouraging improvement in the financial performance at MBS. We expect the more robust recovery over time as additional airlift in the Singapore comes online and further relaxation measures in the region are implemented. Our conviction the long-term opportunity at Singapore might remain steadfast. Our $1 billion capital investment is underway at Marina Bay Sands as introduced exceptional new suite product and premium segment focused amenities the resort, more offerings will be added throughout the remainder of 2022 and '23. And this one has the properties appeal to premium customers seeking the highest level travel experiences. In addition, we look forward to substantially increasing our investment in the Singapore market as we execute our expansion plans, and Marina Bay Sands in the years ahead. Singapore remains in an outstanding market for additional investment. Let's turn to Macao. The operating environment there remains very difficult in periods when the restrictions have been lifted. The customer demand and spend in Macao have proven resilient at the premium mass level from both a gaming and a retail perspective. As the market eventually recovers our $2.2 billion investment program at Four Seasons in London, we'll provide outstanding growth opportunities in both the premium and mass customer segments. We appreciate the clarity of the revised gaming law in June. We look forward to participating in the concession re-tendering process as it proceeds. We continue to have the largest footprint in this incredible market. We retain great optimism and our ability to perform to pre-pandemic levels and beyond the Macao, once visitation returns. We would welcome the opportunity to invest billions of additional dollars in Macao. We continue to believe Macao is now outstanding market for additional investment. We can see our portfolio of resorts in Asia to be an ideal platform for growth in the years ahead and additionally continue to pursue additional other opportunities in large land base destination resorts in the U.S. and Asia. Let's go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. And the first question is coming from Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Joe, your line is live.
Joe Greff: Hello, everybody.
Robert Goldstein: Hi, Joe.
Joe Greff: Love to start with Singapore here. When you look back at trends within the 2Q, which were obviously encouraging. And you look at the premium mass in the VIP segments, was there anything notable in one segment versus the other throughout the quarter? How even with the recovery month-to-month in the segments throughout the quarter other than seasonality. You talked about source markets driving improvement? What geographies are driving that improvement? And then lastly, with my multi-part, question number one here can you talk about what you've seen so far in July in the first 20 days here? thank you.
Robert Goldstein: A lot of questions there, Joe. We're not going to break out the quarter. I think we'll be -- it’s suffice to say we're pleased that we back in the strong position in Singapore. And the fundamental growth there comes from obviously both base and premium mass, I don't think either one outshine the other is consistent movement in the right direction. I think the biggest thing we're seeing is the airlift is opening up. And that also remains to be the -- remains to be the most challenging part of the Singapore recovery. Airlift is still a challenge. You were getting a lot of good business out of the region, especially of Indonesia, Malaysia, but I think there's a lot more opportunity as the airlift returns. And I think you'll see that in our deck, the Changi monthly visitation numbers are still relatively less than 50% of what they were at pre-pandemic. So although we're delighted with Singapore, and the numbers reflect that. We think it's really optimistic in the months ahead.
Joe Greff: And great to make follow-up…
Robert Goldstein: [Indiscernible] question, Joe. If you want to just keep that's where I think I heard you say, is there more to it?
Joe Greff: No, I mean, I, can you just talk about what you've seen so far in July? Has that trend continued?
Robert Goldstein: I think, we're not going to do that. We're not going to talk about July, I think, but I think the numbers or deck gives you a real good sense of what happened in Q2. And I, again, I think the story in Marina Bay Sands is a regional story and Singapore Story as that, as that place gets more visitation. I think if you look on Page 16 of your slide presentation deck there, you'll see that we've not even reached 50% capacity, and in Changi it's like 46%, but it was May of '19. So we're doing these numbers with a still very, very distressed airlift. And I think, unlike the U.S. where there's unfettered ability to get to regional markets, airlift is back transportation, this is still a place you need to fly to. And so the airlift story can use to hamper the recovery. So I think the $300 million plus quarter is a pleasant upside to what we've thought we do. But there's I think a lot more room to run, as this market opens up in -- into places like Japan, Korea, and more travel. We're really more dependent right now on the closer in foreign markets.
Joe Greff: Got it.
Patrick Dumont: And Joe, one other thing it's Patrick, I think one thing to know when you look at Marina Bay Sands, is that we're not at capacity. And what I mean by that is, to Rob's point, if you look at the amount of airlift coming in to Singapore, it's not where it can be. But we're at levels that are very strong relative to 2019. If you look at, our not only volumes, which are really speaking to the premium mass segment from the catchment area, this is only going to grow. And the good news is we have our team together. One of the things that's been slowing some of the growth coming out of the pandemic, and really capturing some of the pent-up demand and return to normalcy is the fact that many operators on luxury segment didn't necessarily keep their team together throughout the pendency of the pandemic. We were fortunate enough to do that. And so now our team is ready to respond. So we have plenty of capacity to absorb the growth as it comes in. So our view is that this is a good start, but we have more room to run.
Robert Goldstein: To Patrick's point, Joe, one more things to make you aware. We were there, I guess a month or so ago. One thing is disturbing is the hotel business. They even the luxury brands haven't been able to get open 100%. So I'm running at 40%, 50% capacity, because they don't have adequate personnel. And that obviously feeds into Marina Bay Sands. So as they get open fully this year, as that market returns, as employment grows, I think we'll grow with that. There's a lot of room to run here if we get that place fully open, and airlift returns to pre pandemic numbers.
Joe Greff: Great, thank you for your thoughts there. Switching over to Macao. Can you just talk about what your average daily operating expense? Average cash burn rate has been during this most recent casino closure there.
Robert Goldstein: Grant, are you awake? Grant?
Grant Chum: Yes, we're here.
Robert Goldstein: Got it?
Grant Chum: Good morning. Sorry. Just momentarily lost you. Yes, Joe, I think obviously, second quarter, we were running at this $110 million EBITDA loss. So we'll basically just over a million a day. Now as we went into the second half of June, we have a local outbreak of COVID in Macao, and therefore, into the third quarter. Clearly the revenue environment is slower than it has been in the second quarter, especially with the last weeks [indiscernible] casinos as well. So I think you can look back to where we were in 2020. In a very, very low tourism environment in the middle of that year. And take it from that in terms of the actual daily cash burn rate, although I think our operating expenses have moderated a little bit since then. But that's the ballpark region.
Joe Greff: Thanks, guys.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is coming from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Shaun, your line is live.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon, everybody. Rob, just sort of going back to Singapore for a moment. The Changi numbers are really interesting. Is that a pretty good guide for, I guess visitation levels of the property and sort of where I'm going is, thinking about spend per visitor, right. We've obviously seen the pent-up demand, and that those numbers rise across U.S. regional gaming Las Vegas strip. And I think we're all struggling a little bit to know exactly what Asia is going to do, but we can all I think do the math, if visitations down 50 and obviously, you're 75% or 80% of your productivity levels already that's just very good spend per visit levels, but obviously, don't want to extrapolate just from the airport, if you could give us a little bit more guidance.
Robert Goldstein: Well, I think it'd be careful here in terms of extrapolating, without recognize we are running high occupancies already at Marina Bay Sands, where I think you struggle a bit is to factor in when the rest of the market recovers. That's why I referenced the other high end luxury hotels are lots of sleeping rooms, who we benefit from, they come to shop, eat with us, gamble with us, we're not getting that lift, I think that's the -- could be a very impactful down the road, we're very happy to spend levels we're seeing, and we're happy with the occupancy we're getting, but we're not getting that extra people don't sleep in our hotel unnecessarily coming over to gamble, shop, et cetera. So I think that's where we're trying to point out the visitation levels. I also think there'll be helpful in driving better levels of play and spend as these other markets. So you can't lose three million people in a month, like May and not have some impact in numbers. The question you raise is how high is up? And I don't want -- I'm not prepared to answer that, I don't know. But you can't ignore the fact that you're losing 10s of millions of people versus pre-pandemic. The point here is just to make it clear how different is over there versus in the U.S. where visitation levels are back and access these properties is back here in Las Vegas and regionals. It's not the case yet in Asia, and I think will benefit as that rise in spend will get better. There are retail numbers that you might look here on Page 31, as some indication is how powerful the recovery is happening even without full visitation, you can see the sales per square foot MBS and the power what's happening over there. So the good news is we're getting we're profitable, we're seeing growth, the better news is there might be a lot more ahead of us if we can access more people into Changi. So have more hotels around our hotel and see a full visitation inventory. It's not there yet.
Shaun Kelley: Great and maybe just my follow-up thinking about margins in Singapore, right without the revenues being back online, it's been hard to analyze, but can you just talk a little bit about puts and takes there now as we get back to very recovered levels on the revenue side, about some of the, kind of on a stabilized basis as different segments come along? Because I think, there was a tax change there that impacted the market and some other things. So, could you just help us think about pros and cons or segments of business that could impact margins on a stabilized basis?
Robert Goldstein: Pat, you want to take that?
Patrick Dumont: Yes, sure. So a couple of things to think about. First off, just as you mentioned, after March 1, our gaming tax increased both by 3% in the Premium and the non-Premium side. So that 3% does impact margin. Now I think there are some other things going on in Singapore, there's some higher expenses that is used, there's utility costs that have gone up. There's other costs to operate in the market that have gone up inflation that you've seen in other markets are impacting some of the things that we buy. There's also some wage inflation because there's scarcity of labor in the marketplace in Singapore, so a high quality environment to work in. It's just a high demand as our economy continues to grow for high quality labor, so we've seen some labor increase. So there's some things that from a cost basis side are impacting our margins. But the flip side of this is we're not at full revenue yet. So as we grow revenue and as we make investments in these higher value suite products and as we grow some of the services that we offer to our patrons in the long run, we'd like to believe our margins return back towards where they were before, we just need to be operating under normal environment. So we still have some start-up, what's called fits and starts related to some expenses. And I think our goal is to get our margins back to where they were, but it's going to take some revenue growth for us to get there.
Shaun Kelley: Great, thanks. That's very clear. Thank you both.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is coming from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Carlo, your line is live.
Carlo Santarelli: Thank you. Hey, guys, thanks for taking my questions. Well, Rob maybe you could help here. Just in terms of the -- at Marina Bay Sands, obviously, I think VIP recovered to close to 75% of Q2 '19 levels, as you think about that kind of moving forward are clearly some channels, as you mentioned, Korea, Japan, and I would assume to some extent Mainland in China is curtailed to say the least. But when you think about like the stability of that, in the current environment, does it feel as though that's a number that that's kind of a new baseline, thereabouts, at least as we move forward?
Robert Goldstein: You mean, this current quarter's results being a baseline?
Carlo Santarelli: I'm referring more to VIP ownership volume and kind of the stability of that segment of the market?
Robert Goldstein: I think there's room to run, I think there's room in there. I mean, look at what's happened in Singapore, let's begin with we glossed -- I glossed over the beginning, but we're putting $1 billion in that product. It'll be very blunt about it. It's always been a very appealing building, but it's never had the FF&E component in the suite and room product, I think it deserved, it now has that and over the next 18 months, it'll finish. We were there and the product we're putting together is as good as any place we've ever operated. And I think that's going to be very helpful. To us be clear that Singapore is more desirable than ever as a destination is growing in appeal to a lot of people for a lot of reasons. We referenced the airlift, you referenced China, you're absolutely right, China's obviously not there. But I think you add these things together, the desirability of Singapore as a destination, the rethinking of the FF&E in that building, the return of a lot more airlift than there was hopefully in 2019. Yes, I think that segment can run, yes, I do. I think we can, we also have less competition in the region. Obviously, Macao is not operating at this point. But I think this Singapore business is going to continue to grow because the region, the City state of Singapore is very desirable, and more and more people come to us. So you add our better building with a more desirable Singapore with the airlift, with the opening of China, with the opening of Japan, Korea at all, I think the cumulative impact here is every segment can grow. I have a lot of belief that we can drive -- we have to drive it because there's cost size as it was referenced by Sean and Patrick in the previous call. So we will drive revenue in all segments and we'll be very attuned to it. But I think we were in a very, very privileged position in Singapore right now. And what's happened there, both our building and with the destination itself.
Carlo Santarelli: Great, that's helpful and then just as it pertains to the expansion that the 1000 new rooms, I believe you guys had the construction start, kind of, I guess it was an extension on what you had to begin construction into Q2 of next year, if I'm not mistaken. Is there anything firmer that you guys have around cost and our plans there that you'd be able to share?
Robert Goldstein: Yes, Patrick, do you want to?
Patrick Dumont: Sure, absolutely. So, Rob referenced our visit to Singapore, it was a great visit on a lot of fronts, I think we spent time in the building. And we had the opportunity to continue our dialog around the IR2 expansion. We're very excited to begin, I think one of the things that the pandemic did unfortunately was slow down that process. There's just a lot of things that have to be considered to fit it in to this very complex and very busy environment to make it sort of fit all the requirements that are necessary to get the approvals to begin. And so I think we're working on that now. And it's something that we hope in the coming months that we'll be able to get more firm about a start date, but we're excited about it and working with the Government currently and hopefully we'll get a chance to begin soon.
Carlo Santarelli: Great, thank you Patrick. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is coming from Chad Beynon from Macquarie. Chad, your line is live.
Chad Beynon: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Wanted to ask about M&A in this environment. And I know that's not a normal question for you guys. But given your strong cash flow, position, your balance sheet and just compressed multiples kind of across the gaming lodging leisure space. How are you thinking about maybe considering some opportunistic looks across the world? Thanks.
Robert Goldstein: Patrick?
Patrick Dumont: So, I think one of the things as a company that alternative pandemic, and part of the pandemic we've always focused on is how we allocate capital, and how we drive the highest returns for shareholders. And you may have heard in the past say that our highest and best use of capital do new development from the ground up. And that's really what we're focused on. If you look at the history of the company, and success in the way it's delivered outside shareholder returns is exploiting a strategy of building large scale integrated resorts in new jurisdictions. And that's what we're focused on. And so for us, I think we have opportunities unique to who we are, we have a long track record with Rob and his decades of experience, the rest of the team has decades of experience in developing these resorts. And so we're going to look to do that, before we look to buy anything, I don't think the idea is that we would never look at something, I think we're always interested, I think we're interested in seeing if there's a way to create greater returns for our shareholders. But as a practical matter, we're not an M&A driven business. And I think for us, our priorities are going to be look for new markets, develop, build and scale, and invest over the long-term to create sustainable and durable returns. And that's really what we're going to look to do. So I understand that there's variability, particularly in the digital side, there's a lot of things that have valuations now that may people see them as compelling for the long-term, there's perhaps some land based opportunities that may come up over time. But as a practical matter, like everyone else will look at it, see if it makes any sense for us. But we're really going to be focused on ground up development. That's who we are.
Chad Beynon: Thank you. And then on MBS again, just on margins, you kind of touched about some of the different pieces of that, because the promotional environment between you and your competitor in the market changed versus pre-pandemic, or does it feel as rational as it was at that time? And do you expect anything to change from a promotional environment once Macao opens back up? Thanks.
Robert Goldstein: We've always been lucky that environment is not driven. I don't think it will be in the future either. And I have to wait and see what happens in Macao. But my sense is Macao when opens will not be a challenge either. There'll be plenty of demand and usually promotional activities, got to controlling his lack of revenue, I don't think we lack revenue in Macao or Singapore. So I feel pretty good about it.
Chad Beynon: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Patrick Dumont: Thanks, Chad.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is coming from Brandt Montour from Barclays. Brandt your line is live.
Brandt Montour: Hey, everyone, thanks for taking my questions. First one was on Singapore I'll follow-up on that the last question. But more just for the Singapore market, specifically. And we've heard a bunch of chatter out there in terms of potential interest in your main competitor in that -- in the Singapore market? Is there any scenario in which, a different operator would come in and take that over? And that would change the way you look at that competitive landscape?
Patrick Dumont: We'd already have been without it, that's up to the government make that decision. But it's a duopoly market. And I don't see it having impact either way.
Grant Chum: Yes, I think one thing that's important to note is that we view Marina Bay Sands as the best building in the world. And in our mind, it's just an unbelievable opportunity to continue invest and operate the building and grow it over time. So I don't think we view it any differently. We think the market opportunity in Singapore is absolutely unique. And, we're very committed to long-term investment there. So for us, I'm not sure it matters, who operates it, that's up to the Singapore government and to the owners of that business. But for us, we're just focused on, continuing to develop our property and grow the market as best we can.
Robert Goldstein: What I would say about Singapore, we said before, we'll just reiterate is that that place has evolved even better than was we started years ago. And it keeps getting better. And if you look at Changi running it such a still 40%, 50% capacity. Look at the desirability at market, the things we're doing, I'm sure again, thing is as well to improve the product, it just feels like that mark has a lot of room to run, and to grow from us and for our competitor. The offerings get better, our Phase 2 will be even stronger. So to me, that's the market just beginning to feel it's muscle.
Brandt Montour: Okay, great. Thanks. That's helpful. And then just as a follow-up on that, as we sort of think about how to think about the constraints, for how fast that that MBS property can recover. The Singapore Tourism Board recently put out a number for 2022 international visitation that are some something along the lines of $4 million to $6 million for '22. That it doesn't seem like that would incorporate a ton of ramp from here, and I know that's not necessarily exactly what you guys would see. But does that is that make it seem like the Changi airlift is for the rest of yours baked into the cake now or is there can that be flexed up do you think?
Robert Goldstein: I'm not going to speak for the government or what their numbers say. I think the capacity opportunity speaks for itself, I think it's more depended not on Singapore but on the airline themselves and the other countries wanting to reengage and to open them. I think the airport can obviously have the capacity. I'd be surprise if Singapore wouldn't welcome more, more access more flights. It's question of getting the requisite employees in these airlines to get the lift going and open up these countries in a major way. I think it's hard to forecast we're in a world of change every day is different. And I'd like to think there's a lot more opportunity than that, but remains to be seen. If the government's want to engage and if the airlines can get the employees make it happen. I think demand -- underlying demand is absolutely there just gained the ability to get there.
Brandt Montour: Great. Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is coming from Robin Farley from UBS. Robin, your line is live.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. Hi, just a quick one on I don't know if I'm missing your introductory comments, any comments on what you've talked about in the past related to online gaming and sports betting and kind of more looking at B2B investments. I didn't catch if you had an update there? Thanks.
Robert Goldstein: We didn't have enough there. We didn't mention, we're focused right now on what's happened. We remain committed to our digital investments and looking at that market. But right now, the story for us is this land based recovery, which we're dealing in Singapore and we made some major strides in this company in terms of liquidity. The reopening of Singapore, and we think the upside potential of Singapore. The licensing process and Macao are focused on that. And of course, most importantly, the return to a normalized operating environment in Macao is paramount. We just been so busy without your focus wasn't on digital. Right now, we continue to look at that opportunity. We continue to invest, we made a few investments, as you know, in the past, so just simply a focus right now on land based.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. And then also, has there been a change in what you expect for timing and spending a potential New York project, since last quarter?
Robert Goldstein: I'm sorry, I missed you -- about New York.
Patrick Dumont: Timing of spend.
Robert Goldstein: Oh, timing of spend? No, I think we remain a believer in that market. And the process is taking longer than I thought it would. But hopefully it'll come to -- hopefully this year or early next, we'll know what's happening there. Now it's still the density of population and the ethnicity. And the access in New York makes it very appealing and lack of capacity still remains a premier market in my mind, if we can get there is a lot of competition. We're one of many in the hunt there. So nothing new report, we have a plan in place we're executing to it want to wait for the RFP to unfold. So we're nothing new in New York.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you.
Patrick Dumont: Thanks, Robin.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is coming from Steve Wieczynski from Stifel. Steve, your line of live.
Steve Wieczynski: Yes, hey guys, good afternoon. So this will probably be for Grant, and it's probably going to be a difficult question to even answer. But, Grant, I guess for us, non-Chinese citizens, it's extremely tough for us to understand, where China is with respect to the reopening process. But I don't know if you can help us understand, maybe what you're hearing around the zero case policy, which I mean, I think the rest of the world probably fully knows at this point is never really going to work. And if some of these harsher stances toward the virus could start to get relaxed before. Maybe is there a timeframe you guys are watching? Or is there anything you've heard? Maybe it's at the October election? I guess, anything around that would be very, very helpful? Thanks.
Grant Chum: Yes, thanks for the question. I think as you alluded to, there's not much that we can help with in terms of any speculation on timelines or changes. I think what we're focused on is, what was happening in Macao. So I think, the things that we can effect is to make sure that we do help the prevailing government policy so that we can actually get Macao reopen back with Zhuhai that's a neighboring city in Mainland as quickly as possible. And that means, I think aligning ourselves fully and safely with the overall COVID policy. And that's what's happening right now. And so hopefully, in over the coming weeks, we will be progressively reopening all of the facilities that we've had to close in the past week. That's what we're really focused on. And it's really not a place to speculate on future changes on the overall health policy. I don't know if Wilfred has more to add on that.
Wilfred Wong Ying-Wai: No, I think Grant, you're right. At this stage, I think the whole country is also employed in this COVID situation. And obviously, policies will evolve. And we in Macao is trying our best to support that local government in order that Macao can return to normalcy.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, great. Thanks for that guys. And then Rob, obviously, there's been some it's been some movement with regards to the new Macao gaming laws, regulations, whatever way you want to think about it, which actually seem pretty favorable. But wondering how you guys are viewing those regulation changes, and maybe any of the pros or cons that you see emerging from those?
Robert Goldstein: Well, we're grateful for the clarity from the government. I think the process is moving very well. And I think a lot of concerns, some people haven't been eliminated. So we're just going to go into process and hoping to complete this thing in due course, but obviously, we're all pleased. I think all the operators are pleased how this is playing out. And we're hoping for a positive conclusion. I think a lot of the fears have been erased. Grant or Wilfred is going to comment, that's as far as I can take it.
Grant Chum: I think that's right, Rob.
Wilfred Wong Ying-Wai: Yes, absolutely. Grant, go ahead.
Grant Chum: Yes, I'll just going to add that, obviously, we're very appreciative during this difficult time on the COVID front, that the government and the legislature were able to move forward to complete the passing of the revised gaming law in towards the end of June, and that we were able to also execute the six month extension that takes us to the end of this year. So I think the whole process is moving forward expeditiously. And as Rob said, we look forward to participating in the tendering process.
Patrick Dumont: Steve, one thing I would say our company, as you know, has been through it's been an awfully difficult couple of years more than most because we're Asia focused. But we've now completed the sale in Las Vegas gives us more than ample liquidity. Now what happens? Singapore is up and making money and there's more to come. It's a very, we're very grateful for what's happening in Singapore. We see a lot better days ahead. The Macao licensing process is the same way it feels like we've survived it was a lot of people are concerned.  But in the end, it's worked out for everybody in a positive manner thus far. Hope that continues. And we're just waiting for the thing you referenced initially, which is when does Macao, when does the government rethink the zero COVID or how that play out? We don't know. Don't pretend to know. But that's the last thing waiting for it to get our company back to a much better place, but three of the four have been achieved. So we'll continue to press on with a license and wait patiently for the government to advise us on the reopening of Macao.
Steve Wieczynski: Okay, great. Thanks, Robert. Appreciate it.
Robert Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from David Katz from Jefferies. David, your line is live.
David Katz: Hi, afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Number one, I wanted to ask about just the physical plant in Macao. And recalling that, those are have a significant number of private rooms that were historically used for VIP. How do we think about kind of that spatial layout and planning going forward and then I have a follow-up in another direction?
Robert Goldstein: Grant, do you want to take that because I have my own views, but I think you should.
Grant Chum: Yes, sure. I think we've been watching as the market has been evolving and also planning for the future. I think a lot of the salons and suddenly that applies to the new salons that we've developed as part of The Grand Suites at Four Seasons, and the London and Macao projects. I think they're really premium salons, premium gaming salons that could be applicable and used by the different segments whether that's the VIP rolling or the premium mass. So, clearly I think Macao overall, may be relooking at how each operator redeploys their assets. But as far as we're concerned especially the new products that we've developed over the past two years, we feel pretty positive about redeploying a lot of those gaming spaces for the premium mass segment. But also over time, as we look towards the future also the premium direct segment and attracting the overseas markets in the Rest of Asia, into those products. So we've been currently going through a planning exercise on the future deployment of those areas. But as the market evolves and as things normalize, we'll be able to get more definition around that. But even as of the past 12 months, we've been redeploying some of those rooms that were assigned to the Rolling segment, to the non-Rolling segments.
Robert Goldstein: Hey David, no ever thought the additional gaming space in Macao is a bad thing as we focus more on base mass and premium mass, I think actually expands our ability to make more money, the junket business, we always know is a margin challenge business. I feel grateful, we have all this new space coming back to us that we can redeploy. And we're still going to the world's biggest gaming market, real land based and one of the biggest footprint. So as this as we as Grant and Wilfred and the team, rethink that space, I think it adds all kinds of premium opportunities for base mass, premium mass and direct premium as well. So to me, it's a very valuable transition to a higher focus margin business, that enables us to again, Singapore, I mean, Macao, the penetration is Chinese still, I think sub 3% for the China population, there's going to be a growth market, capacity will be an issue down the road, because there are new casinos opening. So I think that space may prove be very valuable as we get back to work in Macao, hopefully this year, or next. But I think we're lucky to have all that extra space, we can redeploy in a more profitable way down the road. So happy to have it back.
David Katz: Understood. And as my follow-up, you've done obviously, the Singapore MBS did a lot better than what we had. But just looking at the ADR of, I think 330 and I'm not sure that you cover this directly so far when we look back to 2019, it was there's still some headroom there. It was about $90 ADR higher. How do you sort of see that evolving as we roll forward?
Robert Goldstein: Pat, you want to take that?
Patrick Dumont: Yes, sure. Happy to, I think some of it has to do with sort of startup across the quarter, I think one of the other things to note is that it's not fully recovered in with all the different segments, because there is sort of not as much FIT and MICE demand as we had across 2019. So you're going to see some ADR spread from that. But I think the most important thing to note is we're making as Rob referenced a $1 billion investment in our product there, over time, our ADR will be higher. So across the next six quarters, and let's sort of focus on at the end of '23 in time for Chinese New Year of '24, we are going to have 400 new suites that we've never had before. And they're the highest quality suites we've ever done as a company. And we're going to drive different ADR. So while we're out a couple of 100 suites now we've got rooms out of inventory, we've had a lot of things going on through the building, it started period, I wouldn't look at this ADR is representative. And so over the next couple of quarters, as we have rooms out of inventory, it's going to -- there's going to be some choppiness, but by the time we're done getting into '23 and getting across '23, when the project is completed, then you'll have a good look what ADR can really be under the value of the full investment, which is substantial. It's basically a complete redo of Towers 1 and Towers 2 and some of the common spaces and amenity spaces that we have. It's going to be a fundamentally different experience for our guests. And we hope and believe very strongly, they'll pay a lot more for it, because it will attract a higher value tourist and that's really our goal.
Robert Goldstein: Our biggest problem in the days ahead in MBS is as that Changi recovery continues, and passengers come back as our game, our biggest problem won't be ADRs can be putting have enough rooms to accommodate all the demand, ADR will climb either to casino direct or through cash customers or to convention. There'll be no problem getting back. That's not the issue. The issue as always been it'd be where capacity constrained in MBS, we need more sleeping rooms. And we'll get the ADR that markets, the recovery you're seeing here is in its infancy it's just beginning. And be assured that we can get the ADR back to pre-COVID levels and above in fact, I hope we can do much better with casino demand and driving casino ADR as well.
David Katz: Perfect, thank you so much.
Robert Goldstein: Sure, thank you.
Patrick Dumont: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. And last question is coming from Dan Politzer from Wells Fargo. Dan, your line is live.
Daniel Politzer: Hey, thanks for taking my question. So, given the momentum you're seeing in Singapore and the recovery is still in its infancy, how do you think about the long-term path to getting back to pre-COVID, the $1.7 billion of EBITDA in the event China doesn't open, do you need China to reopen to kind of get back or get close to that level or given what you're seeing now, do you have a line of sight to getting near there in the absence of China reopening?
Robert Goldstein: It's good question. And we're watching like you are, I think, let's not ever dismiss the importance of China in any of our businesses, China's still a powerhouse as a consumer market. And we should never dismiss it as powerful till we get to $400 million a quarter without China, I mostly would think not. But then again, I would have thought we wouldn't have done this well, with Changi still having underperforming in terms of visitation. So, depends on like the U.S., I think you have to question what were the over indexing come from will Indonesia, Malaysia and other source markets over indexed and that's the question, we don't know the answer that, will there be pent-up demand coming out of Thailand and Vietnam and Indonesia. And could they -- could Korea outperform, I just don't know what the wait and see if those markets open up again, we're in uncharted waters here. It's new. But I would never dismiss the importance of China as a market for anybody in our retail business, or hotel business, or casino business. China is very, very critical to everybody in Asia. And you can see that in any market, we participate in. But how high is up without China returning, I do want to wait and see together. There's a lot of good drivers here that make us feel good, the visitation makes us feel there is opportunity there. Our renovation, it feels like it's been very impactful as comes online. The over indexing of non-China markets feels like it's coming on strong. But I think we'll revisit that and we'll have a better answer for you next quarter, we print our numbers.
Daniel Politzer: Got it. And then just a follow-up. I know COVID cases in Singapore actually have been rising lately. Given your experience working with the government and your perception, and I guess other than their standard of living with COVID and the stage of reopening, do you see any risk with additional restrictions coming back or being put in place?
Robert Goldstein: Patrick, do you want to grab that?
Patrick Dumont: Yes, sure. Happy to, I think at this point, all we can do is be optimistic about the public health posture that Singapore shown, they have shown a lot of leadership, they have a significant history of investment in their hospital system and their public health infrastructure. And I think they're proceeding as they've said, I think they broadcast it all along, and they followed what they've laid out. So as we sit here right now, I think they're moving in the way they said they're going to do, which is continue to have visitation, continue to be involved in the growth of their economy and move forward with this is an endemic situation. But we don't know. And I think this is something where we've obviously shown flexibility to respond as needed to support the government their initiatives, but at this time, it seems like we're heading in the right direction. But could that change in the future? We don't know.
Daniel Politzer: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Sands First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]  It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations at Sands. Sir, the floor is yours.
Daniel Briggs : Thank you, Paul. Joining the call today are Rob Goldstein, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Patrick Dumont, our President and Chief Operating Officer. Also joining are Dr. Wilfred Wong, President of Sands China; and Grant Chum, Chief Operating Officer of Sands China. Today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the safe harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements.  In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release. We have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this presentation is being recorded.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Goldstein : Thanks, Dan. Good afternoon, and good morning to our colleagues in Asia. Some brief comments, and we'll go to Q&A. Our results continue to reflect the pandemics impact, the travel restrictions to press visitation, our financial results in both Macao and Singapore this quarter. We did generate positive EBITDA for the quarter in Singapore and for the company in total. The [business] in Singapore as the travel corridors established last quarter have been replaced with an introduction of the backdated traveler framework, which allows backdate travelers to enter Singapore in much the same way as prior to the pandemic. In short term, as we are open for business in Singapore.  Our conviction and long-term opportunity in the Singapore market remains steadfast. The $1 billion capital investment currently underway at MBS introduced luxurious new suite product and amenities that disorder. In Macao, our considerable investment Londoner are nearing completion. As the market recovers 4 Seasons, Londoner will provide growth opportunities in both premium and mass customer segments. We continue to have the largest footprint in the Macao marketplace, and we appreciate the opportunity to provide input in the public consultation process, and we look forward to participating in the retendering process as well. While the current quarter results in Macao were impacted severely by the enhanced travel restrictions in China, customer demand and spending Macao have proven resilient at the premium mass level from both a gaming and retail perspective in periods when the restrictions have been relaxed. We remain confident that we return to positive cash flow in both Macao and Singapore in the future as restrictions are eased and travel and tourism recover. We consider our portfolio of resorts in Asia to be outstanding the platform for growth for the years ahead.  In addition, we continue to pursue opportunities to develop large-scale resorts in both the United States and Asia. The sale of Las Vegas was completed this quarter, which creates additional liquidity and optionality. Lastly, we can build out our digital presence and to explore multiple opportunities. We will provide additional color at the appropriate time. Let's go to your questions.
Daniel Briggs: Paul, we're ready to go to questions. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question is coming from Joe Greff from JP Morgan.
Joe Greff: Rob, I love to get a little bit more detail on the recent experience in Singapore with the VTL framework? And can you tell us or share with us business volumes, visitation improvements in March and April to date? And when we kind of look at the first quarter and looking at the $121 million of hold normalized EBITDA. How much of that was sort of the last month of the quarter, given the benefits from more international inbound tourism?
RobGoldstein: Yes. Joe, it’s a fair question. The core to MBS was clearly driven, it moved upward as you went along. I started $17 million in January, went to $46 million in the hours of February. We had $58 million of EBITDA in March. And that trajectory is continuing the momentum is going upward in April. I think – look, Singapore is back, and it will experience the same post-COVID numbers as you see in the U.S., in my opinion. The question is how fast does it get there? The demand is there. It will continue. Assuming there’s no more surprises from the COVID situation. We like to think that Singapore returned to $1 billion run rate in this year. So $58 million in March feels pretty good, and that momentum is continuing.
Joe Greff: Great. That’s helpful. And hopefully, I’m not going to follow up Macao-related question but is much to ask. Can you talk about Thailand and sort of that as an integrated resort opportunity and what the latest is there? I know there have been press reports with your efforts and that as an opportunity.
RobGoldstein: Yes, I think it’s premature, Joe, and we’re looking at a lot of different things in Asia, and that’s certainly a list of things, but I think it’s premature to get ahead of ourselves there. I’ll pass on that.
Operator: And the next question is coming from Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling: Maybe sticking with new development opportunities. There's obviously been a lot of back and forth in New York, specifically New York City, different boroughs, you've been seeing some headlines around Times Square. Just curious what you're seeing there, how we should think about that as an opportunity?
RobGoldstein: Well, New York has been on our radar for a long time. We continue to be in the hunt there. I don't want to get into static borrowers locations. I think that's proprietary. But we remain interested. I think it's a huge market for us. We've been very clear about that in the past. The process is quite a long way to go. And we'll just keep you posted as we hear and learn things, but we're in the hunt and we'll see how it works out for us.
Stephen Grambling: And then you did mention you'll discuss digital when the time is right and they obviously say patience is a virtue, which is clearly paid off looking at some of these stocks. So as you think about the opportunity set in front of you, has anything changed in terms of your thinking of what areas of the industry might be more or less interesting to dig into even before considering where the investment might end up?
Patrick Dumont: So it's Patrick. So I think nothing has really changed in our view. We take a very long-term perspective on digital. I think our comments have been pretty consistent across the quarters. We're really in a growth and investment stage. So it's very early on, and we have something to talk about, we'll definitely start discussing it. But at this point, it's a very early stage. We're building a team and looking forward to the future.
Stephen Grambling: Awesome. Maybe one last one if I can sneak it in then. So since the development opportunities feel like they're still pushed out and you've gotten some proceeds in from Vegas. I think you maybe have mentioned this in the remarks, but just remind us in terms of thinking about capital allocation priorities. I mean is buyback something that's on the table that you'd be thinking about with some of those proceeds? Or do you feel like there's enough other things to spend the money on the near term?
Patrick Dumont: No problem. This is a question that I think we get pretty often. I'll refer to the answers that we gave in our last quarterly call. But I think the key thing to take away is we're very focused on new development. The sale of Las Vegas was really to reinvest capital in high growth opportunities that we think are unique to our company. We feel very strongly about our development capabilities and our ability to execute large-scale developments in new markets. And we think there's a lot of them out there, a lot of potential. And so we're waiting to see this 1 come forward. And as Rob said, where we can invest to get the highest returns. In terms of return of capital, I think we've always said that the dividend is really the cornerstone of our turn capital program. It's something that we want to look at in terms of really long-term operational cash flow growth, and then we'll size it accordingly and look to that to recur before we actually start the dividend again.  In terms of share repurchases, we've always said we've been opportunistic to return capital that way as well. If you look at our past, we've actually returned a fair amount of capital through share versus when we felt that we had the excess liquidity. So I think at this point, our priority is to make sure we get out of the pandemic, make sure we have ample liquidity and a protected balance sheet to ensure that we recover from our pandemic operations. We can support a local host market, support our team members as we go through that process. Then we're going to focus on new development and growth and investment in our existing markets, which we've been doing throughout the pandemic and then we'll look to restart the dividend as operating cash flows recover. And then lastly, I think we'll look at share repurchases where the opportunities arise.
RobGoldstein: Let's not forget that we are investing $1 billion currently in Singapore. We're trying to invest more in Singapore. And we think Macao when things reopen might be opportunistic as well. People forget how much capital we could put to work in our existing marketplaces.
Operator: And the next question is coming from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Just maybe to actually touch on Macao for a minute. Rob, there have been some different starts as it relates to the reopening in Hong Kong, and I think some positive progress there as case counts have come down. Any signposts maybe out of that market and maybe reconnecting that with Macao that the local team could give us some color on?
RobGoldstein: Sure. Grant, do you on the call?
Grant Chum: Yes. Thank you for the question. Yes. I mean at this stage, there is no new information or news in terms of quarantine-free travel from Hong Kong to Macao. I think Hong Kong cases have been improved. But we're not at the point where there's any change in the quarantine policy.
Shaun Kelley: Grant, maybe just to clarify, is that specifically as it relates to its interaction with Macao? Or what about for visitors coming from overseas possibly opening up a corridor to Singapore? So maybe help us think a little bit more broadly, if you could?
Grant Chum: I'm sorry, are you referring to overseas visitors from [indiscernible]
Shaun Kelley: Yes. Either, I think arriving in Hong Kong and then, I guess, coming in from inbound places or leaving Hong Kong going to places like Singapore.
Grant Chum: Sorry, you're asking a question about people going to Singapore or to Macao?
Shaun Kelley: Well, specifically talking about -- just is there any sign that Hong Kong is loosening of its overall visitation policy because it's been pretty closed from the external perspective. I guess that's where I'm trying to go.
Grant Chum: Sorry, I'd be asking about Hong Kong. Yes, they have relaxed. So non-residents can now travel to Hong Kong from the 1st of May and that was -- that hasn't been possible for some time. So you can go to Hong Kong from next month overseas into Hong Kong, but you would still have to be subject to the quarantine policy once you enter Hong Kong.
RobGoldstein: Something more to say, Glen, I'm going to cut you off, more to say?
Grant Chum: No, that's it. That Okay.
Operator: Next question is coming from Robin Farley from UBS.
Robin Farley: I wonder if you could talk a little bit more about Singapore and any change in the composition of business there in terms of what's coming back? Is it more mass? Is it more VIP? Is it higher win per visitor than what you saw before or just more absolute number of visitors. Just kind of what are you seeing sort of come back first?
RobGoldstein: The answer is yes. It's all coming back. I mean it's demand over there for -- in the month of March, we saw outsized demand from free independent travelers on the pure leisure side, we saw premium mass. We saw high-end plate coming out of over the relm. I just think Singapore is a unique position. It's -- obviously, in Macao is in a difficult place right now, so people are going to gravitate to other opportunities. They want to travel. They're no different than what we've seen here in the U.S. I think our MBS products as a very, very unique opportunistic window here. We're hoping Macao's up obviously sooner. But until it does, I think you'll see a lot more demand than typical. I think it's from all segments, the team there is being very good about what happened in the month of March. And again, it's leisure travel, it's casino, it's is VIP casino, it's premium mass as casino. It's universal. And it feels like renewal very positive beginning. And hopefully, without a COVID interruption or a change in policy, I believe MBS is going to be very productive '22.
Robin Farley: Great. And then my follow-up question is about you had an announcement a week or 2 ago about it's probably a small investment, and I think it was sort of an integrity-related business for online sports betting. And I wonder if you could just talk about that because it seems like there are some B2B online sports companies that already sort of provide that kind of for free as part of their services between the leagues and the sports books. And so I just -- I wonder if you could talk about what interested you in that angle or what's different about that? And kind of what's offered almost for free really by the other OSB B2B providers?
Patrick Dumont: Sure. It's Patrick. And I think what you'll see over time is us make investments in small companies where we think they have a competitive advantage in the B2B space that has a lot of growth potential and also where we think over time we may form it to a larger platform. So from our standpoint, we're looking at a variety different businesses that are in start off or early stage in order to make sure that we stay in front of technological innovation in our industry. And so this is part of a broader strategy. It is a relatively small investment relative to Las Vegas and -- we think over time, this investment in others will help contribute to our overall digital efforts. So I'm not going to get into the exact thesis behind every investment that we do. There's a long-term plan for what we're approaching. And I think over time, you'll start to see how that evolves.
Operator: And the next question is coming from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli: I just have 2 kind of time line-related questions. And I don't know, Rob, maybe answer the first and then perhaps something on color on Macao and the time line there. But just in terms of MBS, obviously, construction and things along those lines in this type of environment is very hard to predict. And I have not gotten a chance to get through the slides yet to see if there any changes to kind of your expectations for the time line there. But what are some of the goalposts in terms of construction on that? And then secondarily, as it pertains to the tender process and whatnot in Macao. How do you guys see the time line for that shaping up as we move through the rest of 2022?
RobGoldstein: Carl, in Singapore, as you know, we're underway in a rather extensive renovation, $1 billion-plus renovation in Singapore that's underway as we speak. And it's going to take a while. It won't complete until the '23 but it's going to be a very encompassing. We've had -- as everyone in the world has been impacted by COVID, both getting supplies and labor has been issued, but it's happy it's underway. We're still working through our issues with IR too. We were not ready to talk about that today because we're still working through issues there. Same issues supplies, labor costs, et cetera. We intend to complete IR 1, again, '23 IR2 is token for interpretation. As for Macao time lines and the retendering, I'm going to turn it over to Wilfred or Grant to take that question. Maybe Wilfred, the best suited.
Wilfred Wong: Thank you. The time line for retendering of the concession is progressing according to the time line announced by the Macao SAR government. Now currently, a few things are at play, 2 bills relating to the gaming law is -- has been approved by the legislative assembly and will be approved in full after the panel discussion before the end of this legislative session in August. And we are hearing all kinds of suggestion that it will be earlier than August. At this stage, we are going to be granted an extension of the current concession until the end of 2022. And that is the time that we expect the retendering exercise will be completed. And so after the amendment of the law, then the retendering procedure will start a lot of information about the retender will come out. We are in the process of preparing for that retendering exercise and hopefully, everything will be done before the end of 2022.
Carlo Santarelli: That's helpful. So just so I'm clear, in August, you'll more or less have everything you need from the gaming law perspective? And then that period from, say, August, if not maybe earlier through December will be the formal tendering process when everything is more or less buttoned up. Is that the right interpretation?
Wilfred Wong: That's right.
Operator: The next question is coming from George Choi from Citigroup. George?
George Choi: A couple of questions from me. Firstly, Macao. The Macao Corp has recently ruled that a couple of your competitors are joining and separately liable for some illegal deposits for I guess, how do you see the likelihood that you guys will also be found liable for this potential liability after the recent close down of the major changes there?
RobGoldstein: Grant, do you want to handle that?
Grant Chum: Sure. Thanks, Josh, for the question. I think, as you know, the cessation of operations of all of these fixed-room junket promoters, obviously happened fairly recently in December of last year. And as a result of that, obviously, there are some new court cases being raised by various stakeholders and participants in that system. Currently, there is nothing material to report from Sands China perspective. There are a few cases ongoing, but none of them are material, and we will continue to monitor the situation and obviously report back if there any changes.
George Choi: And my second question is on your balance sheet. Now clearly, the first quarter was quite difficult for your Macao operations is putting a lot of stress on your balance Sands China. When it gets to a point where Sands China needs to raise funds, could you guys consider equity as option or is because of that still cheap enough that you would continue to look to response from the decapital market?
RobGoldstein: Patrick?
Patrick Dumont: It's Patrick. So a couple of thoughts here. I think we're very optimistic about the long-term future of Macao. We understand there's articles out about concerns around liquidity. I think we have a very strong balance sheet. Yes, we've received some stress over the last few years under the pandemics tough operating conditions, I think we all have. But the good news is that our company as a group has a lot of liquidity a lot of different options. I think the good news is also that we were an investment-grade company during the pandemic, which does a lot about the market's view about our ability to raise additional capital. So from our standpoint, I think we have a lot of flexibility.  Our balance sheet was designed to withstand shocks and a lot of variability in our respective operating markets. I think we've proven that. And I think where we are today is we'll look to see how the operations continue coming out of the pandemic, which hopefully soon, look at our liquidity to review. I think we have cash of the parent, we have cash around the system. We have an investment-grade credit rating. We have access to credit markets. And I think the good news is we position ourselves well to benefit from the recovery on the other side. So I think we have a lot of flexibility, and we'll use it as net
Operator: Next question is coming from Chad Beynon from Macquarie.
Chad Beynon: I wanted to ask about inflation. I know it's obviously something that people are a little bit more focused on here in North America and it's different in different regions of the world. But wondering if you could kind of talk about the labor inflationary environment or employment situation in your key markets, Singapore and Macao? And how that could potentially impact margins when the business is fully recovered on the revenue side?
RobGoldstein: I don't want to say one thing about our business. Obviously, margin is inflation. It's a question we're anticipating. But I would say that I believe the revenue side of the equation is going to more than take care of itself as far as margins. We're going to be really -- I'd be shocked if will see a big return in Singapore this year and then hopefully a big return in Macao in '23, hopefully, maybe '22, I don't know. We don't have any visibility more than you do about what's going to happen in China, to be clear. But I do think, just like here in the U.S., margins have gone very powerfully positive because the demand is there. I only think Asians are different. The equation is going to be driven by excessive revenue, I think, in Singapore, we'll see it this year, I believe, and hopefully see in Macao this year or next. As for the operating entities, Grant discussed as you see as far as Macao, for example, in wage inflation, I don't know how to address that question.
Grant Chum: Sure, Rob. I think right now, Macao is a slightly different situation. If you look at the wage trend, it's very moderate, if not flattish in terms of wage inflation. But obviously, that's for reasons that are not hard to discern because there is pressure on unemployment since it's such a tourism-dependent economy. And then interestingly, in terms of construction works costs are, again, either in line with prior years or if not going down somewhat, again, because of the demand supply situation that's specific to Macao as a lot of large scale works have moderated, they being completed. So at this stage, we're not seeing any significant signs on the inflation front.  Of course, there are some supplies such as food and so on, where we do experience inflation, but obviously, thoughtful for the totality of our business, this is not going to be material. But I think the important point is what Rob said, I think you also have to consider for our type of business, the revenue side of the equation, which I think is going to be the more dominant driver. -- is obviously prices tick off
Patrick Dumont: And just to sort of 1 other thought. I think -- the important thing to note is where you'll see the impact of inflation is really in construction costs and in materials that go into construction inputs for large-scale projects. You see that in the U.S., you'll see it in Singapore and you'll start to see in other markets in Asia. As people come out of the pandemic and really there's a pent-up demand pipeline of things that needed to get done as well as a shortage of labor and a shortage of labor movement related to pandemic restrictions. So that is something that is a likely thing to be seen, you're already experiencing a little bit of it in certain markets. I think the other thing is, the good news is that inflation also comes pricing. And so our business is not tied into any long-term contracts. We have the ability to operate within the market. Singapore has always been a very high quality place for labor. It's been an expensive labor market. It's always been very tight, and we've always managed it. So I have faith in the team take on our execution capability to maintain margins through the cycle. And I think that's really the nature of our business that we have pricing power. We have the ability to change rates as a hotel as a consumer products company and really work through the changing inflation and in effect, make that part of the business margin.
Chad Beynon: And then separately, just on -- kind of back on the digital portfolio opportunities that you talked about just given the current valuation change that we've seen in a lot of the public companies, has anything changed just in terms of the total amount of money that you want to invest in this space given that there might be some really good opportunities in the near term just because of a valuation disconnect? Or are you still kind of disciplined in terms of the total amount that you would put forward towards this effort?
RobGoldstein: I believe we have to be disciplined. And the reason I say that is our core business, and let's be honest, our balance sheet is what it is. It's in a pretty good place. If our business returns in Singapore, like we anticipate, -- and then behind that comes to Macao, we get back to $4 billion or $5 billion, $6 billion EBITDA. Our investment portfolio approach may change as it relates to digital. But at this time, we're going to stay doing what we're doing now, which is being very disciplined waiting for our core business return because there's no 1 like us. If the Macao comes back and I think it will be back hopefully sooner than later, Singapore is coming back, we'll be in a very different place in 6 months or a year and that may change our thinking. I think it's pretty simple. We want to get back to our core strength and then we visit other things at that time.
Patrick Dumont: And I think 1 other thing that's important to note is we're very much focused on building rather than buying. We want to make sure that we create a lot of long-term value. Our company has a history of being a platform of development in entrepreneurship, and we are taking that approach through our digital efforts in several different areas. And we think over time, that will provide the most reward for shareholders. So we're very patient. We're thinking long term. And yes, there are cycles in valuations across the digital space. In our mind, we'll execute against our long-term strategy and take advantage where we can.
Operator: The next question is coming from David Katz from Jefferies.
David Katz: With respect to the U.S. land-based opportunities that's out there. If you sort of have your druthers or how your wishes come to pass, what does the LVS U.S. land-based presence look like over time?
RobGoldstein: Any place there's very large-scale buildings that can create large EBITDA. We're not looking to be a small regional player obviously. So that limits the opportunities doesn't to Texas, New York. We failed in Florida recently, but we're not done with Florida. We're still looking at that. And there thereaf places we can go and invest the kind of money on investment, the kind of returns we want, we're not going to be buying small businesses. So I think at this point, as you talk to you today, it would have to be Texas, New York and perhaps Florida.
Operator: And the next question is coming from Steve Wieczynski from Stifel.
Steve Wieczynski: Just 1 question for me. Rob, you talked about getting to that $1 billion EBITDA run rate in Singapore by potentially by the end of the year. And I'm not sure you're going to answer this. But is it fair to say that March and maybe more so April on a monthly run rate basis is enough to get you to that $1 billion run rate level? And I'm just really trying to understand a little more how strong recent trends have been?
RobGoldstein: Yes. Well, I guess, looking at March, you're at about $700 million run rate if you take you annualize March, and April looks better at this point. So I don't think it takes a lot to get there. I mean, to be honest, I don't know why we wouldn't get there. We won't get into specific numbers in April, but the trending Singapore, as I referenced earlier, Robin, someone asked the question about what's happening it's outsized demand in all segments. So why wouldn't it happen? I mean I think it's going to blow past the $1 billion, frankly, I think it should. It just depends on if we see any pushback COVID restrictions. I mean we have an outsized opportunity.  Singapore is the best product at all in the market today. Macao essentially is not available. I think we compete very well anyway in Singapore, but it's unique now. And I think it's -- it should at $1 billion and better. The only negative there, as you well know, is China is still relatively close to us. So that's the market we'll miss but we feel very confident about our prospects. In the last month, things have gone from hesitancy to full-bore excitement about what's happening in Singapore. And I think the government -- I think I hope they show our enthusiasm.
Operator: And the final question is coming from Ben Chaiken from Credit Suisse.
Ben Chaiken: I guess just 2 or 3 follow-ups on Singapore. You mentioned $58 million in March. Can you remind me, is that -- I believe there was some tax changes coming into play, I guess, simplistically, VIP and mass each go up roughly 300 basis points. Is that -- was that in March already in the numbers you mentioned?
RobGoldstein: Yes, it was as of March 1, that was - were impacted as of March 1 by the changes you referenced, yes.
David Katz: Cool. And then two, I think in the last few days, there's been some changes in Singapore regarding travel restrictions -- can you remind us maybe -- can you just refresh us where we are today versus where we were in March?
RobGoldstein: Where we are today is if you're a vaccine, you can get into Singapore pretty easily. There are still restrictions and you've got to be -- if you're in the casino, you've got to be smoking or drinking water or something to I think your mask off. But pretty much, it's -- if you're a vaccinate, you have full access to Singapore. It's a very different place than it was a month ago. So that's why we're still bullish in Singapore. It basically is quarantine free entry for all vaccinated traveler. And no quote on number of daily arrivals is no more strict. So we're back in the business in Singapore in a very positive way.
Ben Chaiken: Got it. And then just last quick one, not to get ahead of ourselves, but -- you mentioned $1 billion a few times. But why not, I mean you're doing $1.7 billion, right, pre-COVID and the new hotel coming, like what's -- is the billing just a round number to --
RobGoldstein: There's no new hotel coming. We're not building any hotel yet. So there's no new hotel. There's a renovation of a current hotel. Look, we just see $1 billion of benchmark. We think that's attainable. We're not trying to oversell it or over -- get too excited ahead of ourselves. Let's see where it goes. We're looking at the results in the U.S. We're very excited what's happened in the U.S. The demand is there. We've seen a reason why Asia shouldn't just keep ramping more positively. And again, as we referenced, that's a very unique asset. $1.7 billion at the peak was the performance of MBS. We get back to some time Yes, I think we will and then beyond that, but it won't be this year.
Operator: There were no other questions in queue. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Las Vegas Sands Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker for today, Mr. Daniel Briggs. Thank you, sir. Please go ahead.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you. Joining me on the call today are Rob Goldstein, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Patrick Dumont, our President and Chief Operating Officer. Also joining us on the call are Grant Chum, our Chief Operating Officer of Sands China; and Dr. Wilfred Wong, who are about to get connected and I apologize for starting late. Before I turn the call over to Rob, please let me remind you that today’s conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company’s actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release. Please note that we have posted supplementary earnings slides in our Investor Relations website. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the Q&A session, we ask that you please respect our request to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so we might allow everyone with interest the opportunity to participate. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you, Dan, and good afternoon and good morning to our colleagues in Asia, a very good morning for our colleagues in Asia. Thank you for joining our call today. We will have some brief comments and then we will go right to Q&A. Our results continue to reflect the pandemic’s impact. Travel restrictions continue to affect visitation and our financial results in both Macao and Singapore this quarter. We did generate some positive EBITDA for the quarter in both markets. We remain confident in the eventual recovery in both Macao and Singapore. The good news in Singapore, the travel restrictions and travel carters were established with many important source markets during the quarter. Indonesia, Malaysia, South Korea, Australia, Thailand were all part of the initial rollout of the DTO program. And obviously, emergence of Omicron variant impacted the DTO program in late December. The DTO should contribute to a more robust recovery over time. Our confidence in the long-term opportunity in Singapore remains deep, and I am pleased to announce we have embarked to a $1 billion U.S. renovation project at MBS that will introduce luxurious new suite product to the resort. The program will meaningfully expand our room suite offerings and significantly enhance our appeal to premium customers. In Macao, the Londoner is near completion. As the market recovers, both the Four Seasons and Londoner will provide growth opportunities -- material growth opportunities in both the premium and mass customer segments. We continue to have the largest footprint in the world’s greatest market, Macao, and appreciate the opportunity to provide input in the public consultation process ongoing. We look forward to participating in the tendering process as it proceeds to fruition. Customer demand and spending in Macao have proven resilient at the premium mass level from both a gaming and retail perspective, as outlined, I think, on pages 29 and 30 in your deck. We continue to have great optimism about our ability to perform to pre-pandemic levels once visitation returns. You may know our company is divided primarily into three material areas, the most important being Asia, the portfolio in Macao and Singapore. We remain confident we will return to strong positive cash flow in both Macao and Singapore in the future as restrictions are eased and travel and tourism recover. The sale of Las Vegas creates liquidity and optionality as we pursue additional large-scale, land-based destination resorts in the U.S. and Asia. And we continue to build our digital presence. We are exploring multiple opportunities at this time and we will provide some color at the appropriate time. So let’s go to your questions and thank you for listening.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon. Good morning, everyone.
Rob Goldstein: Hi, Joe
Joe Greff: Rob and Patrick, I’d like to start off on the topic of capital return and how you are thinking about that, particularly in light of $5 million in gross cash proceeds coming in the next couple of months. Does that cause you to probably rethink that capital return is more of a near-term event? Or do you really need to see a recovery in both Macao and Singapore before you initiate some sort of capital return? I know you mentioned liquidity/optionality for new jurisdictions in the U.S. and Asia, so in that that’s part of the calculus. But if you can refresh your thinking on capital return, I think, that would be helpful for us?
Rob Goldstein: Patrick?
Patrick Dumont: I am happy to. Yeah. Hey, Joe. I appreciate the question. I think we have been pretty consistent in our thinking. It’s been part of our long-term strategic plan, how to create additional capacity to really grow this business. Sheldon has really started from the beginning as you know, you followed us since day one that he’s really been a developer of large-scale projects, and I think that ethos continues today within our company. And I think we are very excited about some of the opportunities that we have in front of us. Rob and the rest of the development team and our entire group has been working very hard. It’s great opportunities to grow with large-scale development in the future. So I think the way we see the capital that’s going to come into our system from the consummation of Vegas sale is really to grow the business. As we have always said before, the dividend and share repurchases really do represent part of our shareholder return strategy, the dividend being the cornerstone. We are looking forward to the opportunity of restarting the dividend program. But as we have said, and I think, we have been consistent about the idea that we really want to see a steady return to operational cash flow, understanding what those cash flow levels are from a trajectory, and call it, a sensitivity scenario perspective and then make an assessment about the profit return of capital at that time. We really view the dividend as something that needs to return on a stable and long-term basis. And so that’s something that we will look to do when our cash flows return and we get out of pandemic operations, which unfortunately, during this quarter we were still in.
Joe Greff: Great. That’s helpful. And then maybe the gentleman from Macao can chime in on my follow-up question. Just a clarification on the draft bill on the amendments to the gaming law. Can you talk about how the government is thinking about you and others in the market maintaining specific levels of gross gaming revenues in order to maintain your table count? Can you talk about how they are broadly or specifically thinking how this will work and what the broad framework is here? And that’s it for me? Thanks.
Rob Goldstein: Grant, you there?
Grant Chum: Yes. Sure. Thank you for the question. I think the amendment to the gaming is still work in progress. It’s working its way through the legislature. We need to wait further details in terms of the final form that the amendments would take and there will be additional regulatory measures that will be potentially issued thereafter. So, in general, to your question, we have always efficiently used our table allocation, and in general, we welcome the direction of linking table allocation with productivity, but specifics, I think, are yet to be outlined.
Joe Greff: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, guys. Thank you.
Rob Goldstein: Hi, Carlo.
Carlo Santarelli: Rob, maybe if you could kind of shine some light, I know Singapore, obviously, it was kind of a tale of a couple of months. But as you have seen things starting to normalize over the course of the period, could you comment a little bit about how you felt during the better periods of the quarter as it pertains to restrictions and stuff like that when some of them were more loose?
Rob Goldstein: Yeah. We were very excited to see when there’s rays of light and you can get in and the VTL is established, it was extraordinary. And I think it indicates -- it’s a real predictor, Carlo, what’s going to happen. That place opens back up. Hopefully, we see it in the first half of the year. Clearly, demand is going to be there. The VTL -- the government’s thinking is very positive for us. I think Singapore probably gets there quicker than I think Macao might be later. But citing Singapore, the demand is clearly evident when the VTLs were open. It’s a shame. I think we had a real - a positive momentum going that got crushed by the Omicron concerns. But I think that’s just inevitable. The market is around us. I mean the important source markets are opening up, Japan, Korea, Indonesia, Malaysia, all improving. So we have a lot of hope to see a big bounce in Singapore. I would like to reference we had some non-recurring income in that quarter you should be aware of. Patrick, can you illuminate, just we are clear on the numbers on the…
Patrick Dumont: Yeah. Sure. Happy to do it. So…
Rob Goldstein: …Singapore, of course?
Patrick Dumont: Yeah. Of course, happy to do it. And Carlo, thanks for the question. One thing we did want to highlight is that we were positively impacted by approximately $70 million of non-recurring items during this quarter, including bonus reversals, job support scheme and some other items. So I wouldn’t look at this as a run rate quarter. I think I would point you back to some of the comments that Rob made on some of our prior calls about that run rate envelope during these conditions, call it, the $500 million run rate EBITDA context. The real problem is things have kind of been switched on and switched off so much. It’s hard to get a real read on the quarter. I think what is really encouraging is the vaccine travel lanes, the public health posture of the government, which really has been a leader in both vaccinations and the way they approach public health. And we are very encouraged about their approach towards long-term tourism and we are very excited to see how that plays out in the upcoming quarters. But I think, overall, the vaccine travel lanes were a big step.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Patrick, thank you. That’s helpful. And just one point of clarity, that $70 million, was that all in the EBITDA result for the quarter?
Patrick Dumont: It was. It was. That’s why I referred back to the run rate that we talked about previously.
Carlo Santarelli: Yeah. Thank you.
Rob Goldstein: We…
Carlo Santarelli: Thank you, Pat.
Rob Goldstein: We have referenced $0.5 billion run rate until things get better over there. Until these travelings become real, we are still in the same range as our point not to get over exuberant about the $170 that it was. It is impacted by non-recurring?
Carlo Santarelli: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you. 
Patrick Dumont: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could talk about, you have said for a while you are evaluating online gaming and sports betting options and there’s been a little bit of a change in valuation over the last year. Can you talk a little bit about how kind of what your current thoughts are and how that may be impacted by changing valuations?
Rob Goldstein: Yeah. I think we have said in the past, we have always been interested in digital and all these interests that’s happening in the market. But two things are happening at the same time. Our business, I think, is coming back to a stronger place. I think 2022 finally, especially in Singapore, and I think, as well in Macao, we will see that getting better. Our balance sheet speaks for itself and we have all followed what’s happening in digital equities and the struggle there. So I believe there will be a day when sports betting and online gaming are very successful businesses and we will continue to look at the opportunity. We will wait patiently. It hasn’t been a bad idea to wait for the last six months to eight months to see how this shakes out and there’s done a lot of blood spill. But I think we will continue to evaluate is there an entry point that makes sense for LVS. We remain consistent, Robin, as you know and you have known for years, our bread and butter is still going to be Asia land-based as we will make -- we can’t replicate a $5 billion business, which we think will come back in place in next year or so. So that’s our first order of business and making sure our balance sheet is pristine, which now will be following the closing. But we will continue to monitor as the difficulties continue, the equity markets and the valuations change. The question is when does that situation get better? And I think it will and is an entry point for us and we will keep our eyes and ears open for that possibility. But waiting hasn’t been the worst idea to see things shake out.
Robin Farley: Yeah. Definitely not. Also a follow-up question is, can you remind us what your kind of latest thinking is on the size of the investment when you go to re-bid for the new license term? At times, you talked about things in the past, obviously, you are looking forward to investing more in Macao. Can you kind of remind us what your latest thoughts are on the size of that? Thanks.
Rob Goldstein: I am not sure I understand. Patrick, I may have been missing it. I don’t think we have a -- I mean we continue to be very bullish on Macao market despite the last 24 difficult months. We like what we are seeing, the retendering process. We are respectful of the process. We are continuing to help and be involved with the government. I don’t think we have a dollar amount in mind or a specific approach at this time. Patrick or Grant, do you want to chime in?
Patrick Dumont: Yeah. I will just say one comment and then I will turn it over to Grant. But I think the important thing to note, it’s still very early stages yet. So I don’t think there’s any details that we can really talk about in terms of our approach, because it’s not known sort of where things are going to shake out. Grant, I don’t know if you have any other comments that you want to add.
Grant Chum: No. I think that’s right. I think we just reiterate our general approach, which is continued reinvestment in our asset base and it’s worth reminding ourselves we are coming to the end of our $2.3 billion CapEx program in Grand Suites at Four Seasons and The Londoner Macao. And we have really stayed the course during the pandemic. We have accelerated the works where we can, we have overcome all the challenges related to supply chain during this pandemic and we are coming well within budget. And we are delighted with the outcome. So I think that gives you a pretty good indicator both of our appetite, but also of our resolve to continue to reinvest, in particular, in the direction that the government is pointing towards across the various domains of diversification.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Rob Goldstein: Thanks, Robin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling: Hi. Thanks. I guess two follow-ups. And the first is really a follow-up on Robin’s question and Joe’s earlier question on the legislative proposal. You mentioned it is still a work in progress, obviously, but I am wondering if you could just walk us through where you feel like you do have incremental clarity and where specifically there may still be pockets of uncertainty based on the language and your conversations.
Rob Goldstein: Grant, that’s yours.
Grant Chum: Thank you for the question. I think the main -- the key aspects of the legislation have been laid out in terms of the number of concessionaires and the duration of the future concession. But there are a lot of details in that to be worked out through the legislature. We just encapsulated one through the first meeting with the legislative, but firmly and we are now moving to the winning stage. So I think we can say at this point that it is still in draft form, but we really welcome the progress that’s been made. So issue in so rapidly since the launch of the first public observation in September, it’s only been a short 12 months since that time and we are already at this stage where we are going into the committee review of the draft. So I think the government has done an outstanding job in getting us to this stage of the process so quickly with a lot of framework being clarified. But it is important to remember that this is still draft legislation and we await the final outcome, hopefully, in the coming months.
Stephen Grambling: Fair enough. Maybe as an unrelated follow-up here, you continue to have impressive cost control despite a pretty difficult environment. How are you thinking about margins and labor inflation in Macao, as well as Singapore as we think about ultimate recovery versus maybe some of the cost reductions you have made?
Patrick Dumont: So, hey, it’s Patrick. It’s something that we look at a lot with our team. And I think one of the focuses that we had during this pandemic over the last really two years has been to keep the core team together. So when we do recover, we have the ability to service our customers and get right back to business. And I think it’s to credit to Grant, to the team in Singapore and really to everyone at the local teams that we are able to keep the group together, continue to focus, continue working and keep everyone healthy and safe. And I think where we are today, as we look about -- look at margins upon the recovery, we were in a pretty efficient business both at Sands China and in Singapore prior to the pandemic. If you look at our margins in the years leading up to the pandemic, Sands China team did an unbelievable job taking a lot of costs out of the business and becoming more efficient as we grew our business there. And so I think if you look over a series of years, we have always been cost focused. I don’t want to say that there was really room in the prior operating level. What is true is that I’d like to believe that the run rate margins for the business will be consistent with those margins prior to the pandemic. The one thing to note is that in Singapore, there is going to be a tax rate change, which will impact -- a gaming tax rate will impact margins at Marina Bay Sands when that happens. There will be some slight margin impact from that going forward. But as a practical matter, we would expect to have the same margins given the same level of volumes even taking into account mix. Because if you recall in Macao, our exposure to lower margin business such as junket and VIP is less, we are more premium mass focused. So we would like to believe our margin structure will be fairly consistent upon the recovery.
Stephen Grambling: Helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: Hey. Thanks. Can you just talk about potential future investments? I know that you have been looking at Florida and New York, any comments on those markets? And then when announced the project in UAE yesterday, have you considered that market? Thank you.
Rob Goldstein: I will take the U.S. and I will leave Patrick to discuss the UAE. Tom, as you know, we have been for years talking about -- maybe four-year time it’s been so long. New York, we are big believers in that market. The recent announcement by Governor Hochul about three licenses is encouraging. We are in the hunt. I wouldn’t want to overplay our hand, so we have -- what opportunity it might be. But it’s a massive market underserved by the current product and by any metric that should be a massive market for us. So we are deep into it. We were there last week. We have a team on the ground working through it and we are hoping to get a license. That’s all I will say about that. You have followed in the newspapers our efforts in Florida. We are in a signature gathering mode. It’s a struggle down there. It’s not an easy process to go through. But we are trying very much to be in the hunt in Florida. We really appreciate how underserved that market is and the material opportunities exist for a top-tier land-based opportunity in Florida would be wonderful. Same goes for Texas, all Texas a few years away from it. We have been down there. We have spent time in the market. We have people trying to find our place in that market if it does happen, but I think that’s probably the farthest away from the decision. Patrick, do you want to address the Wynn [ph] that you raised the UAE, what happened over there yesterday?
Patrick Dumont: Sure. Happy to. So a couple of thoughts. First off, as someone who’s in the tourism business, our company is very focused on looking at markets, evaluating them and what different markets present in terms of both competition and things that customers like. And I would tell you, if you go to UAE and you go to -- and you see the investments that are going on there, it’s really remarkable. The scale of investment, the quality of the investment is really unique to the world. It’s a very special place. And I understand why Wynn would have interest going there. It is a tremendous tourism market, has a lot of potential. And to be fair, it is an economic center for that region. So in terms of opportunity, we all understood why there would be interest there for them to go. So it’s something that we will continue to watch and look at. But there are a lot of high quality markets that are available to our company, Rob just referenced a few. And we are going to keep all of our options open and continue looking for opportunities for Las Vegas Sands to deploy capital in high quality developments. So that’s really sort of our view on that situation.
Thomas Allen: Perfect. Thank you, Pat. And then just on the MBS $1 billion renovation. It’s something you guys have been talking about for a long time, but you just added it to your slide deck this quarter. Is that just because now it’s ready, any more details on the potential disruption or time line? Thank you.
Rob Goldstein: Yeah. Well, it’s a step that it’s moving forward. I think the point we talked about a long time, Thomas, we have underinvested at times in these rooms and suites are deep into the renovation. I think we all know with the COVID environment. You always have the risk of either labor or supply chain risk. But we are moving nicely and the team, we have not been there, so I can’t say we have seen it. But the images we see are very positive and I think it’s moving at a really good pace assuming that there’s no interruptions we can’t control. Patrick?
Patrick Dumont: So, I think, what’s interesting about it and you have heard Rob reference it before, and I think our team is very focused on using this time to the pandemic to enhance our product offerings and our attractiveness to our customers. And we have always been working with the Singapore Tourism Board to help achieve their goals while we invest. And I think there’s been a focus in Singapore over the last few years on increasing high quality tourism and we believe the MBS is a leader in that area. We wanted to reinvest in the property to really enhance our suite of products and some of the other amenities that we have for our customers while we have some downtime. And so this is something that we have been looking at for many years. We have a high quality design team that will really create some of the best suites we have ever had in our system. We have had some great success with some of our efforts in Macao and some renovations with some of the new products we brought online during the pandemic and so we feel like our design level is really at a high level now and we are really looking forward to investing this amount of capital into Marina Bay Sands to create a level of suite product we never had there before, both in terms of account and in terms of quality. So this will address some of the goals that have been laid out by the Singapore Tourism Board and the government there, as well as help us address and grow our business in high value tourism. So that’s really the objective. It’s something that will happen really over the next two years. We are underway now and we hope to be complete as soon as possible. But in reality due to the labor and materials it looks like it’s going to take two years.
Thomas Allen: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Hi. Good afternoon and good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just one, because it actually hasn’t come up, I guess, it’s a sign of the times really that, I was just wondering from either Grant or Wilfred if we could get a little color. Just on the COVID conditions and signaling on the ground in terms of possible reopening milestones you might be looking for? I believe there was actually a little bit of press from the government talking about the tourism industry and its importance. So maybe just a couple of your high level thoughts about things we can look forward to there?
Grant Chum: Sure. Thanks for the question, Shaun. I think in the last few months, if you could describe it sequentially, we have come through some local cases on COVID that occurred in Macao at the end of September to early October. So obviously, the business environment was heavily impacted during the month of October. In fact, that was the lowest month in the entire year for the GGR for the city. As we move toward the end of the year, things improved in terms of the travel board policies around Zhuhai and Macao and then you saw the business volumes and visitations recouped accordingly. Most recently, we have had some local cases in Zhuhai, which has impacted the border again, and hopefully, we are going to be coming through the other side of that as they get that under control and as they have done. So I would describe it as not a lot has changed in terms of the overall environment. The government, both central government and local government continue to control the COVID cases exceptionally well in accordance with their policies. And as we move forward, we obviously have the Chinese New Year and also the Winter Olympics. And understandably, everyone is being more cautious in terms of traveling, and obviously, it’s possible that beyond these events, as things improve in terms of the domestic cases in the various provinces and these big events are out of the way, we can look forward to a more positive picture in terms of travel.
Shaun Kelley: Great. Thank you. And then, just one probably for Patrick. But Patrick, you mentioned the Singapore tax rate. I think we picked that up in some of the local press as well. Just I was curious if you could give us a little bit more color on how that plays through. Is this the change that was actually tied back to the license extension or is this something that’s incremental or different from that, because I think there was a tie-in to that, if I recall correctly, but it’s -- frankly, it’s been a couple of years?
Patrick Dumont: Yeah. It’s just been a couple of years. This is the implementation of what was tied into the development agreements. So nothing has changed consistent with prior disclosure or prior discussions. But I just wanted to highlight it as something that may have an impact on margins going forward. That’s all.
Shaun Kelley: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Politzer with Wells Fargo.
Dan Politzer: Hey. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. So a quick follow-up on just the sports betting and i-gaming endeavors or analysis that you are doing. Have you given any thought or consideration to opportunities that would involve markets outside the U.S., such as Europe, are you really just focused on U.S. sports betting at this point?
Rob Goldstein: We consider all markets, yeah. We have markets that are on the table.
Patrick Dumont: Yeah. I think one thing to highlight…
Dan Politzer: Okay. And just...
Patrick Dumont: Yeah. Sorry. One thing to highlight. So I think we are not just looking at sports betting. I think we are looking at a variety of opportunities in the digital space. And to Rob’s point, in a variety of different markets, but we are not rushed. So we are building teams. We are making long-term investments. We are thinking about opportunities. We are focused on return on invested capital. And we are really looking at it through the lens of a long-term strategy that can blossom into something meaningful. And so, we are not just sort of chasing certain specific areas that may have valuations that are peaked at the day. I think we are looking for long-term high growth opportunities that present really positive returns. And so it’s not just in sports wagering, it’s a variety of different things, we are looking at different markets.
Dan Politzer: Got it. And then just a clarification on the capital allocation question from earlier and as you think about a repurchase versus the dividend, I mean, do you really need to see a more sustained recovery in Macao before returning capital or is there a scenario where you get the proceeds from the Venetian sale and Singapore starts to recover and you could be more active on that front beforehand?
Patrick Dumont: I think from our standpoint, we sort of view return of capital for a very long-term shareholder enhancing process. And I think for us, we are going to want to see a return in our markets with a stable level of cash flow and post-pandemic conditions, where there’s operational clarity before we begin return of capital. I think it’s very important for the sustainability of any dividend and a return of capital program and it’s something that we hope will come soon. There’s been a lot of investment in public health initiatives and a lot of things that are incrementally making progress in both of our markets, and we are hopeful that this occurs in the near-term. And so, once that happens, we will start to evaluate potential return of capital. But, again, we sort of view the proceeds from the Las Vegas sale as permitting us to develop large scale destination resorts in new jurisdictions to help grow our business.
Dan Politzer: Got it. Understood. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of David Katz with Jefferies. David, your line is open.
David Katz: Just I am doing myself…
Operator: David, your line is open.
David Katz: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to, if I may, follow-up on two of the details from earlier where you talked about the $70 million and that sounds like it’s in the EBITDA line. Is that solely in Macao, is that spread, does that include Singapore…
Rob Goldstein: It’s just Singapore.
David Katz: …and it just, Rob, with respect to the $500 million run rate, which is Macao, that is excluding what may or may not have occurred with respect to Omicron in January, correct?
Rob Goldstein: Yeah. I think, Dave, we mentioned apples and oranges [ph]. I think, first of all, the $70 million Patrick referenced was solely at MBS. And my $0.5 billion reference was on previous calls, I said, I think, the current situation which runs up and down every day. We -- I think in Singapore today is $0.5 billion EBITDA annual run rate until we get further VTL and stabilization. My point is I want to -- as you are aware, we are running that same $0.5 billion. We have a lot of optimism that that will change in 2022, perhaps, first half. But that’s all Singapore related, the one-time non-recurring and that $500 million was referred to Singapore as well. We are not making any -- it’s impossible in Macao to rationally predict anything until the government makes decisions on the visitation. It would be silly for us to speculate something that’s so speculative. We have no underpinning of fact. I think once, look, we believe that market will explode when it opens back up again. But I think it’s more of the second half of the year, but then again, who’s to know? So we are not making any speculative decisions on a run rate in Macao.
David Katz: Understood. If I can just follow-up very quickly, with respect to the makeup of business in Macao, not looking for a guide or a range, but any insight around…
Rob Goldstein: Yeah.
David Katz: … how VIP business, which may go away, could be recaptured through premium mass? Any tools or thoughts and perspectives to help us think about what portion of that would be really helpful?
Rob Goldstein: Yeah. I will just give you my quick look, and I want Grant to opine as well. I think we all believe that the junket -- having done this for many years in Macao, in the U.S., these customers in that segment are going to just disappear and when they read the other junket businesses not happening. Therefore, demand will go away. It’s not going to go away. It will just resurrect in different segments and find new ways of materializing in the casino and it always is that way in any business. It goes back to any segment doesn’t necessarily just go away, because the mechanism goes away. It just evolves to a different segmentation. So we are pretty bullish that a business that was yielding 8%, 10% could be much more positively profitable as a resurrection of the segments and so that’s my take. I think any belief that the junket business segment is only just not thoughtful. Grant, do you want to add?
Grant Chum: Sure. Yeah. I think, Rob, has just spot on on that, because you have to distinguish between the end demand and the distribution of it. So, I think, clearly, some portion of the end demand and we are not going to get drawn into exactly what the proportion will shift into the other segments and that’s just natural because the end demand is there. Now, will some portion of it also dissipate and disappear. Sure, but that’s probably the portion that was not in the first place, that’s sustainable in any event. So I think the core underlying end demand that will find its way through other segments over time and we should distinguish between the end customer as opposed to the distribution system.
David Katz: Perfect. Thank you very much for taking my questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation today. This does conclude the Las Vegas Sands fourth quarter 2021 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-20 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Las Vegas Sands for Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Mr. Dan Briggs. Sir, the floor is yours.
Daniel Briggs : Thank you, Operator. Joining me on the call today are Rob Goldstein, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Patrick Dumont, our President and Chief Operating Officer. Also joining us on the call are Dr. Wilfred Wong, President of Sands China, and Grant Chum, Chief Operating President of Sands China. Before I turn the call over to Rob. Please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we're making under the safe harbor provision of federal securities laws. The Company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures, a definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release. Please note that we have posted supplementary earnings slides in our Investor Relations website. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in Q&A session, we ask that you please respect our request to limit yourself to 1 question and 1 follow-up, so we might allow everyone with interest the opportunity to participate. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Goldstein: Thanks, Dan. Good afternoon and good morning to our colleagues in Asia and thank you for joining our call today. I'll provide some brief comments then we'll go to the Q&A. Our results continue to reflect the pandemic's impact. Heightened restrictions directly impacted our results in both Macao and Singapore this quarter. We did generate positive EBITDA for the quarter in both markets. We remain confident in the eventual recovery in both Macao and Singapore. Singapore gaming operations are closed for a portion of the quarter, enhanced restrictions were in place throughout the remainder of the quarter. The good news in Singapore, the travel quarters are being established with the number of source markets, which hopefully will contribute to the strong recovery of the time. Our considerable investments in Macao continues to take shape. As the market recovers, we believe that Four Seasons in London will present a growth opportunity in the future. The spend in Macao has proven both resilient, the premium mass level from both the gaming and retail perspective you can see on Page 29, 30 in your deck. We have great optimism about our ability to perform to a pre -pandemic level once visitation has returned. Our Company is divided in 3 areas. Most importantly, the Asia portfolio, Macao and Singapore, remain confident we will return to a strong positive cash flow in both Macao and Singapore in the future as restrictions or fees in traveling tours recover. The sale of our Las Vegas assets create liquidity and optionality as we pursue large-scale land-based destination resorts in both U.S. and Asia. We will continue to build out our digital presence and we're exploring multiple opportunities we'll achieve in the appropriate time in future. So thanks for your time again, say let's go to the questions. Dan?
Daniel Briggs : Operator, we're ready to go.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is coming from the line of Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli : Hey, everybody, hope everyone's well. Rob, obviously, not going to spend a lot of time discussing the results as we all know that numerous impacting results right now. But what menu -- when you think about the progress as it pertains to Macao and what you're hearing around potential using of Visa stuff, whether it's on a province by province basis or whatever the latest is that you could share would be appreciated.
Rob Goldstein: Sure. We woke up 2 guys and they were nice so I'll let them speak to it. But, Grant and Wilfred, why don't you take that since you're on the ground, living and breathing them -- these issues every day.
Grant Chum: Yes, let me do that.
Rob Goldstein: [Indiscernible]
Grant Chum: Thanks, Rob. On the basis -- I think the main point is the Visa channels for the individual business game remains open. I think if you look at the quarter in the third quarter, what really impacted results during the quarter, month by month is really the conditions on the ground in terms of domestic COVID cases. So you will see that in July we had at 1 point for about 3 weeks in July, we had a pretty significant recovery in the visitation and also room occupancy. And we were starting to get a good momentum for the summer after the issues we had in the Guangdong outbreak in June. And then as we moved into late July and early August, we had more local cases starting with the Nanjing airport outbreak. And eventually in early August, we did have 4 local cases. So that obviously curtailed the traffic immediately. And as we move into September, again, we were recovering well, especially in the second and third week of September. And we were building up, ready for the October Golden Week again. And unfortunately, we did have some local cases towards the last week of September, which, again, reduced the traffic immediately as it led to additional restrictions around the border. So that really explains how the traffic flow evolve during the quarter.
Carlo Santarelli : Great. Thank you. That's helpful. And then just as a quick follow-up. Rob, you guys, did disclose, and I think this is different from how you've disclosed historically around capital expenditures in the period. The one line in there was $24 million of Corporate and Other. Does that -- what exactly does that pertain to and does that have anything to do with the comments that you made on the digital piece of the business?
Rob Goldstein: Sure. Pat, you want to take that?
Patrick Dumont: Sure. I think there's a bunch of stuff in there. Some of the stuff relate to digital, but some of it relates to Capex associated with moving.
Carlo Santarelli : Got it. And could you just update your latest thoughts on the learnings of the last couple of months, quarters as it pertains to the digital initiative to any degree, Patrick?
Patrick Dumont: Yeah, sure, happy to do it. I think for us, we take a very long-term approach. We mentioned it last quarter, I think this is something that's going to invest over quarters and years. We're really investing for the future. I think for us, we're looking to be mindful of the way we deploy capital. We've always had a history of investing in things that we think provide a very high level of returns in the future. And that's where we're thinking about it today. We think there's a great opportunity in digital and a variety of different areas. You see some of the valuations that the market is giving to certain areas today. We think it's very compelling, especially for the long-term. So right now we're just sort of moving along slowly and when we have more things to report, we will, as Rob said, his opening remarks, but we're very confidence. We have capital to deploy against that. We're excited about the future. And we have more things to talk about. We certainly well for right now, it's very early stages.
Carlo Santarelli : Understood. Thank you, guys.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you, Carlo.
Operator: Thank you.Your next question is from the line of Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs, your line is open.
Stephen Grambling : Hey, thank you. Maybe changing gears to look at Singapore, It looks like that market was also obviously impacting the quarter VIP, particularly soft. If we look out further once restrictions ease, I guess, how do you think about the potential EBITDA potential of that asset if VIP in Macao remains pressured. In other words, what kind of overlap do you typically see in Singapore from the Chinese traveler, and could that be impacted if VIP is permanently restricted?
Rob Goldstein: Sure. First, I think the fascinating part to me is we operate in 3 markets currently and Las Vegas is the blueprint and include recovery of Asia. We said -- about a year ago, I was coming to work and someone told me, here in Las Vegas we wouldn't see normal returns here, total revenue till '24, '25. We are already in the fall of '21 and the market's loan wide open. And what's the path? The path is pent-up demand vaccinations and doors get open. And I think Las Vegas will be the blueprint release, that's the path. So vaccinations in Asia are booming. If you can look at the what's happening in Singapore, Malaysia, Japan, China, Korea, it's all above the percentage-wise what's happening in the U.S. So first, we have extremely strong vaccination rates in Asia, surpassing U.S. Number 2, I think you've got, obviously, the government that wants to open the doors in Singapore as evidenced by their actions they want just that. I think you'll see a big turn in '22. Your recovery will begin in '22. When do we get back to 1.7 and maybe beyond that EBITDA, I don't know. The exact date I can't tell you. I can tell you this, it's going to be a lot better in '22, if the government continues their path, which is shown a lot of leadership and thoughtfulness, the acceleration --vaccination rates, I think are actually approaching 80 plus percent. The market over there feels it's ready to come back in '22. As the government opens those travelings and we look at, again, the demand issues here in Las Vegas have been I think very instructive. It's great to walk through it and see the numbers that's kicking out through the city. Why wouldn't that happen in Asia? If Singapore has been a hugely important market to us. Your point about Macao versus the Chinese market, obviously, part of our business is dependent upon access to Chinese market, but it's not dependent. In fact, it still make a lot of money, maybe as much as a billion net dollars without a lot of Chinese inputs. So if Korea opens up and Singapore opens up, Malaysia opens up and Korea -- and Japan, those markets are very, very fat and happy for us. And I believe, the scenes are opening up throughout '22. That's the pick. If a vaccination rate is slowing, its open traveling, it's open your doors up and then watching what's happened in Vegas happen in Singapore. And I feel I don't want to identify a month or a quarter, but I think you're going to see a nice turn in '22. And then the same will happen in Macao when the government decides to open those doors up. I know there's people are -- people are saying '25, Macao opens up '27. But the truth is, Vegas has put about 30 minutes. Once they open their doors up, it just recovers. And base recovery is not a convention bank was based recovery out yet to come. I think the future in Vegas remains, as we voiced that very bright. And there's no reason why it can't be anyway it, in both Singapore and Macao as vaccination rates takeoff and government get more confident and travel lanes re open. So we're highly confident this will happen in Singapore in '22. To what degree? I don't I won't predict, but it's just a question for MVAS goes right back where it was pre - COVID it's just another -- so we're very confident.
Stephen Grambling : That's helpful. And perhaps as a follow-up, going back to Macao, what -- we'll love it just if you could provide any additional color on the consultation process. And what are the key points of clarification that you are watching for as you think about how to strategically position the business? Thanks.
Rob Goldstein: Yeah. We've been -- I've been involved in, well, my colleagues in the country over two decades. We've seen, I mean, we've been through everything and starting 20 years ago, and people tell you, you can't do business in Macao and then Cotai wouldn't be successful. Now, we have the incredibly crippling crisis in the 8 and 9. We had smoking issues. It always worked out. And we're very proud of what we've done in Macao over the years. I think our activities, our investments speak for themselves. I have faith in the process. They've always treat us fairly, and we responded with the largest investment in any gaming market in the world. So we believe -- we remain believers. We wait for the government's advice in direction. We've submitted our responses. But looking at our history on success, I believe, will be instructive to the future of our business in Macao. And so no more beyond that. I think it's clear to say that we have a lot of lead in this market.
Stephen Grambling : Fair enough. Thanks so much.
Rob Goldstein: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Joe Greff : Hello, everybody. Rob and gang --
Rob Goldstein: Hi, Joe.
Joe Greff : On Macao 's recovery and the potential for more meaningful, increased travel and mobility between Mainland China and Macao, do you get the impression, whether it's from conversations with the government and otherwise, that this is more likely after the Olympics in Beijing in February?
Rob Goldstein: I will defer them to the fellows in the ground up. I don't think we heard these points of Golden Week and it's going to happen when the Olympics are -- I don't think we know. I think it'd be silly for us to predict, Joe. I don't think we can really give you confidence that we have great insights when the doors will reopen. But we just know they will at some point. I think '22 will be a turn year. But I don't want to get into the game of saying it's to happen this date. I think we said in previous calls, we don't know when, we just know when it does happens to be very powerful and it's going to limit Las Vegas. I mean, anybody hasn't seen that, hasn't spend time in Macao. It's going to be quite a storm of activity over there. But I don't want the Olympics or Golden Week or -- because we -- obviously we've been wronged by those who predicted has fallen on a sort is no reason to. Grant, Wilfred, do you have a different approach to this? Speak up.
Grant Chum: Agree.
Rob Goldstein: Sorry Grant. Go ahead.
Grant Chum: Sorry Rob go ahead We see we see underlying demand continues to be very strong when the opportunity arises. Now, the opportunity has -- maybe has been relatively brief, one month here, a few weeks there. we can definitely see the underlying demand actually across all the different segments as very strong. And I think Rob referenced the pent-up demand that we've seen in Las Vegas coming through. And I think it's not going to be dissimilar in Macao. But I agree with Rob that we can't be really drawn into predicting timing. But we definitely see the evidence on the pent-up demand for sure.
Joe Greff : Great. And then --
Rob Goldstein: Wilfred?
Dr. Wilfred Wong: And I think that China will open up to the world when they feel confident that they can control any community outbreak situations. And that depends a lot on the vaccination rate, which at this stage stands at about 80% and the availability of medicinal cure. They are now testing with all kinds of cure methods including Chinese herbal methods, and there's a lot of research going into it. So we're quite hopeful that very soon with -- they are vaccinating at about 1.3 million, 1.4 million people a day. So if they continue like this in another 200 days, it will be another 10% of the population. So I think as China's vaccination rate goes up, the government's confidence increases. And we are hopeful that Macao, as part of China, adopting similar policies will benefit from the opening up.
Joe Greff : Great. Thank you. Patrick, on the investments on the digital side, can you talk about how you envision maybe the size of those investments over the next couple of years, are we talking about relatively small, more modest investments or could we see investments in hundreds of millions or a billion-dollar range, depending on what's available and what you like.
Patrick Dumont: So it's something we talk about a lot internally. I think some of it's going to be related to the value of the opportunity that we see. I think it sort of our thoughts right now is that we're really thinking earlier stage or mid-stage. But again, it was fit into a larger strategy and that's kind of how we'll think about being effective for the long-term and how we think will create long-term value. I don't know that we'll necessarily look at something that's transformational right away. That's something that we may consider in the future depending on where things go and what market opportunity we see. But I think the good news is we've got plenty of firepower. We've got a strong management team and expertise in the industry and we think we can be really helpful to grow in technology. So from our standpoint, we're going to be opportunistic and we'll see how it goes. But in the beginning we're going to start small and sort of build from there.
Joe Greff : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robin Farley from UBS. Your line is open.
Robin Farley : Great. Thanks. I wanted to ask about one of the proposals in the new legislation. Is that it would require government approval for dividends. And if that were enacted, I realize it's just in the discussion stages now. But if that were enacted into law, would you think twice about investing if you -- if then there would be a chance that you wouldn't be approved to get a return on that investment? In other words, how much of a concern would that be for you? Thanks.
Rob Goldstein: Patrick, you want to take that?
Patrick Dumont: I'm sorry.
Rob Goldstein: Patrick?
Patrick Dumont: Grant, yes. I think from our standpoint, I think we're obviously very much focused on building on our past. As Rob mentioned, I think we have a great track record of investing in Macao, in scale and non-gaming amenities. And I think from our standpoint, we have confidence that we'll ultimately will result from this process will be a good path forward. And so we're very confident, we're eagerly waiting instructions on how to proceed. But in our mind, Macao is the best market in the world, we continue to invest. We're very excited about the long term in Macao and wait and see how things go. But from our standpoint, we're very confident about the future.
Grant Chum: Rob, one thing I think we tried to reference is, after 2 decades of being there, we've never found the government to be not thoughtful. They're very thoughtful, and they're going to take these issues and make it reasonable for all of us. We're not that concerned. I mean, I saw initially the response was putting like that, they're concerned. We don't have this concerns, and yes, we're eager to reinvest in Macao. We were assuming that the process will be fair and equal, and we're also assuming that they want us to invest as well. The government there wants the growth in Macao. So we're not that concerned about that issue at all.
Robin Farley : Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And maybe just a quick follow-up. Just in terms of timing or potential extension of your existing concession, is there a point at which you feel the indication is that it's going to be extended for at least another 12 months? I mean, just given the timing already seems would be -- seems very challenging to do anything before June of '22, given the inability to travel into the country. Is that safe to assume that, at this point, it's not something that you would expect to come up for bid before June? Thanks.
Rob Goldstein: I don't think -- we're not going to voice their opinion because we just, again, we remain confident the process will work out. Again, we have 2 decades of history with this government, and it's been a very good 2 decades. This Company built a great business base on it. We've had, like every business you have stops and starts, and good days and bad days. In the 2 decades since we started doing business in Macao, we've always found the government very reasonable, very thoughtful, and very fair. And we're not concerned when they make that decision next month or month after or make it in June. I don't know when they're going to make that decision. I'll let them make that decision and tell us. We'll respond accordingly, but we have no trepidation or bring fear that will be an issue to us. We knew this was coming. I mean, it is a lease, so we knew this day was coming and we're prepared for it. And we're also prepared to wait till the government tells us how they want to proceed and will respect for that process.
Robin Farley : Okay. great. Thank you very much.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Shaun Kelley : Hi, good morning and afternoon, everyone. Just to maybe follow-up on the whole licensing process. I mean, I think one thing we've all thought about is the requirement or the idea that they're probably incremental capital that would need to be invested either in Macao, theoretically in non-gaming amenities which you knew well, or in somewhere in greater Mainland China, I just wanted to ask about that last point. Any thoughts on your desire, your ability to invest directly in mainland China? Is that something you'd be prepared to do and sort of how would you kind of underwrite returns or thinking about underwriting those given some of your return focus. If that was the ask.
Rob Goldstein: A lot of other factors, but I'm going to preempt up by saying we, again, you know we have the ability to invest as clear based on our balance sheet. We have the appetite to invest. We have a track record that was -- that obviously we invested 15 billion. We invested a few billion dollars right before the pandemic hit, which people thought, oh gee, you want the clarity of the license, we did it. So we remain willing and eager to invest in Macao and perhaps other parts Macao, and just waiting for that day to happen. Patrick, you want to jump in?
Patrick Dumont: Sure. Thanks, Rob. We're very happy, very proud of Sheldon's long-term vision for Macao and for our Company's investments. We're proud of what Sheldon and the Company in the team has accomplished over many years there, the amount of investment, the high-quality of tours and assets that we've created, the tours and drivers, the non-gaming diversification. And really to be fair, a lot of the tourism innovation that we brought to Macao we've all been saying things that have been complementary and follow through with the original goal of the first concession. And so we're very proud about that and we're very confident about the future and our ability to invest in or support these long-term goals of the government and for the Company. And so I think as we look to potential things that we may have to do in terms of future investment, we welcome the opportunity. We would love to invest more. We're very eager to deploy capital into these markets. We think they're very high quality and we really believe in the future. So there's just been a lot of commentary around things that may happen to occur or may have to occur. I don't think anyone really knows. I think the only thing that we're very confident about is our ability to invest, to innovate from the tourism side, and to drive really the support of the initiatives that have been asked about. So from that standpoint, we're ready to do it. But until we have clear direction, there's not really much more we can say.
Shaun Kelley : Great. And maybe just as the follow-up, sticking with the investment team, probably for you, Patrick, but just thinking about the same question for Singapore. Obviously, there you have a little bit more of a developed path on dollars that have been allocated and when you want to get going. But can you just give us the latest on when you think you'd actually be moving on some of the investments you, guys, have committed to make there and building out the additional hotel tower and expansion?
Patrick Dumont: Sure. As we've said before, I think we're very excited to do it. It represents a tremendous opportunity to support Singapore 's goals, to deploy a significant amount of capital in the most privileged market in the world, which is really one of the great cities in the world. Singapore is growing. It was growing tremendously before the pandemic and they've really been leaders in their public health initiatives to support their population during the pandemic. So we're very proud to be there. I think we would love to get started soon as possible. But right now they're dealing with a lot of things that have a higher priority. So we're waiting patiently. We have a long-term partnership with the government and we're looking forward to working through new open remaining items so that we can begin. But our plan is to begin and we're very excited about it. So the question is when and I think that's going to be dictated by necessary public health responses around timing and opening.
Shaun Kelley : Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question -- your next question is from Ben Chaiken from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Benjamin Chaiken: Hey, everyone. There's been lots of -- there's been lots of conversation understandably about investing in digital and 2, to investments that maybe required in Singapore and Macao. But at the same time, you spoke about pent-up demand in Macao and Singapore, which seems to make a share buyback at these levels, potentially a more compelling ROI. I guess, how do you balance the optionality of those different options, I guess? Yeah.
Patrick Dumont: So we think about this a lot. We spend a lot of time on it as a management team. We run a lot of sensitivities and scenarios around potential returns. And it's interesting. We have a lot of opportunity as the Company, we're really excited about it. And I think our highest and best use of capital and to create the best shareholder returns really is to develop new projects from the ground up. That's how we built the Company. That's how we've always created the return profile that has made our equity very compelling. And so from our standpoint, that's our focus. Rob and the rest of the team spent a lot of time looking into development opportunities in many different jurisdictions. And so we're focused on deploying capital into those jurisdictions to grow the business. At the same time, we recognize there's opportunity in the equity. And in the past, we've always returned excess capital through share repurchases. And so that's something that we'll look to do in the future. But at this point, I think we're evaluating a lot of opportunities for real growth. And so from that standpoint, we're very excited, but we'll always look at the return potential of buy equity. Do we believe the equity is at a compelling level? Absolutely. But at the same time, we also like to believe that we have some real significant available opportunities in the future that will create very significant returns as well. So to your point, it is balanced. But we look at it and we're trying to allocate capital in the best way that we can.
Benjamin Chaiken: Thanks.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dan Politzer from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Dan Politzer: Hey, everyone. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. So on Singapore, how do you think about margins for this property over the next couple of years? I think there is a higher tax rate that goes into effect and potentially impact from construction disruption, and possibly some of the costs you were able to optimize over the past 18 months. Going forward over the next couple of years, how do you think about that given the expectation for pent-up demand to come back in 2022?
Rob Goldstein: Firstly, I look at what's happened. Again, it's instructive look in Las Vegas. The so-called four-year recovery took again about less than a year. I think Singapore is in arrival. Las Vegas becomes the pre -COVID recovery being stronger, which means stronger margins for us and bigger growth. I think -- there's this market in Singapore is proving very resilient in the past, especially when the government's come to open traveling, to open the doors up. I think margin will be just fine. We didn't -- by the way, we didn't furlough people or lay off. Lots of people -- we didn't squeeze people out the door. We stood by our employees and I think we didn't necessarily maximize -- we could have, we decided not to do that. And I think that's to our credit. But on the other hand, I think our business there will currently reoccur back to pre -COVID levels and probably beyond pre -COVID. And again, if Vegas is instructive and I believe it is, the demand is going to be extraordinary in Asia. The Lock down here in Las Vegas is much shorter. than the lock-down in Asia. Yet the gaming proclivity for lot of Asian countries is solid in Las Vegas. So anybody things Singapore is not going to come back with a vengeance, I think is mistake, the same Macao. And of course those revenues will drive our margins. So I have no fear that were returned to pre-COVID and margins and pre-COVID revenues exceed both. Really voice on Singapore will be the first and the best place open next year for the gamer, or for the tourist or for the leisure leisure travel is going to be exceptional plans to revisit. You see where the government is going. They've indicated they're anxious being open. Their vaccination rates are soaring. The traveling is being established. The neighbor is getting better in Malaysia, Korea, Japan. Indonesia is still lagging, but coming on. So I use this question time, '22 is return year till we see margins and revenues, and EBITDA has been much more back to normal than they've been the last 24 months.
Dan Politzer: Got it. Thanks. And then just one more on Macao. I mean, when Macao does eventually recover, how do you think about your share of GGR evolving given the opening of the London area, which we didn't have back in 2019? And also, I know how to target different customer, but how do you anticipate any impact from Lisboa Palace on your properties? And if so, if there's an impact, which ones?
Rob Goldstein: Yeah. Mr. Chum, are you still here?
Grant Chum: Yeah, Rob. I think history of Macao shows every time we have large-scale high-quality product coming in on Cotai, it helps the market. And I think when the demand comes back, it's going to be to the market's benefit and to the whole industry's benefit that we've got good new product that customers can patronize. And that applies to Lisboa Palace, that applies to with some buck, other competitors will be -- will have open by then. And, obviously, we think first and foremost is going to apply to what we've completed in Grand Suites at Four Seasons, and also to London and Macao. So we're very excited and confident that when the demand returns, all these new projects but I would say, especially all projects is going to be a growth driver for the industry. And by implication, we hope that we will achieve good market share. But I think it's much more about as the history and 2 decades of shan growing the overall pie. And I think in terms of segments, again, I wouldn't hesitate to say that it's going to be positive across a very broad base of segmentation of the mass -- the premium mass and so forth.
Dan Politzer: Got it. Thanks so much, guys.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Katz from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Rob Goldstein: Hi, David.
Patrick Dumont: David, you there?
Rob Goldstein: David? We lost Mr. Katz.
Operator: Okay. We'll go to the next question. It's from the line of Steve Wieczynski from Stifel. Your line is open.
Steve Wieczynski : Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Just one question here for me -- good afternoon, Rob. Just one question for me. And Rob, I know you're probably tired of answering a bunch of hear-say questions about the renewal process. And this one is probably going to be a bit more direct. I guess the simple question is, do you guys see a scenario out there where you are not operating any casino assets in Macao at some point in the near future? And I'm sorry to be so blunt, but it's a question I think a lot of investors are pondering right now given the bigness that has come out of the Chinese government about what they're actually looking for.
Rob Goldstein: I do not -- I see no chance of that whatsoever. I think we're -- but I -- I'll refer as I -- I apologize by singing a broken record, but the truth is we've been doing this for a couple of decades, we have unparalleled track record. The whole Cotai development would be -- one guy did that and it's Sheldon. One guy put $15 billion around the non-gaming and gaming assets. One Company made almost $4 billion EBITDA, and I think we have been stellar with our employees. So I remain beyond confident that we'll be operating in Macao. I don't think chance whatsoever that we wouldn't be. I'm not saying that rhetorically. I mean that sincerely. Our -- every indication we have gotten is to the opposite. So we, again, I'm very proud of our track record throughout profitable development, profitable investment, but I think the government is recognize we've been a lawfully good licensee and partner and friend China and Macao. And we're eagerly back there. So no, I don't believe that's a possibility.
Steve Wieczynski : Okay. Great. Thanks, Grant and Rob.
Rob Goldstein: Sure. Anything else?
Operator: Your final question is from the line of David Katz from Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Katz : Hi, can you hear me now?
Rob Goldstein: Yeah. We thought you fell asleep on us because you're in Macao.
David Katz : There is no sleeping at Jefferies. What I was really hoping to have the team's perspective on is really VIP gaming. Because we do spend a fair amount of time talking with investors, with people on the ground, et cetera, around what the VIP -- what the future of the VIP business really looks like. There have been some public pressures on it. Talk about currency, changes, and things like that, that presumably would have some impact. What is the real growth solid recovery core look like in VIP?
Rob Goldstein: I just want to let Grant take that question, you listened and read. You talking Macao, I assume in the whole track of this discover, right?
David Katz : Yes.
Rob Goldstein: Okay. So let's begin with a little bit of historical perspective. Again, for the 20 plus years we've been doing business in Macao, we incurred this, this isn't going to work, that's not going to work. The revenues will never go anywhere. I believe this is for off one. Segments are going to fall apart. The latest thing is to say the VIP is not always the junket side. I just remain a huge believer in that market of all segments. Obviously, we've made our strength in the mass -- premium mass has been our bread and butter and will continue to be. But I don't think you'll ever discount, those who have discount, this segment has done it at their own parallel. I think it can -- it could move to a different channel, the different way of being available. But gamers are going to keep happening in all segments in Macao. I just -- as a precursor to Grant's comments, I think you have to realize how awful this market has been, the growth has been unbelievable. Those of us who started back in 2002, 2003, and 2004, never dreamed the way every segment just developed in the 2010, 2011, 2012 era. It was the junk as we drove Macao to sent and morph into our premium mass market -- our premium mass market. And again, our Company has been more focused on the base mass and premium mass segments. But the VIP had served the market very well. So I think it will re-merge in different form with different channels of distribution. And that's my take. Grant, you're much closer to this, so please speak up.
Grant Chum: I think you said it very well, Rob. I think it's important to remember, again, the proportion of profit coming from that segment, especially, I think, you have more referencing the junket segment versus our own VIP business. It's very, very small. It's really low single-digit pre-COVID. So I know people spend a lot of time talking about it, but our business is really geared to that large scale destination resort with premium mass, mass, the leisure, the FIT, and the future is going to be that structural growth in those segments, as well as the non-gaming, the retail, the MICE. And so that's where really our re-investments and asset base has really focused on.
Rob Goldstein: I think the driver gets Grant's point -- the driver that market is always going to be or work focuses lifestyle. Extraordinary entertainment, restaurants, retail, rooms, that's where investors -- we see the London, that's where the focus was. The Four Seasons is more towards the very high-end premium mass. But no matter what form it takes, the gamble is that it'll just keep growing over there and the desire to come to will grow. So whether it be the new -- as we built another Company, it just enhances the market. And I don't think there'll ever be a lack of customers, a lack of visitors to Macao. The problem's going to be when the market comes flooring back in, whenever, it's '22 or whenever. I think the problem's going to be lack of capacity, going to be lack of rooms. That part is always going to be burdened by needs new capacity, needs new lodging because whether it be based mask, pre-mask, it is no longer a Hong-Kong dependent overnight market. It's a stay-overnight market, it's a leisure market, it's a business market, it's a spectacular market. And we're going to be there with everybody else, trying to get our fair share, and I think our new assets, if we ever get to see them,? next year, are going to surprise you. What we've done with the London or Four Seasons is the best thing we've ever done, in my opinion. So we look forward to getting back to Macao and getting back to business. Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you, speakers. There are no more questions. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. That you all for joining. You may not disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-21 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Sade, and I will be your event - conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Daniel Briggs.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you, operator. Joining me on the call today are Rob Goldstein, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Patrick Dumont, our President and Chief Operating Officer. Also joining us on the call today are Dr. Wilfred Wong, President of Sands China; and Grant Chum, Chief Operating Officer of Sands China. Before I turn the call over to Rob, please let me remind you that today’s conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we’re making under the Safe Harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company’s actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release. Please note that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website and we may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of this call. And finally, those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session we ask that you please respect our request to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question so we might allow everyone with interest the opportunity to participate. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you, Dan, and good afternoon, and a very good early morning to our colleagues in Asia. Just a brief comment then we’ll go right to Q&A. Our results continue to reflect the pandemic’s impact. We did generate positive EBITDA of $244 million a quarter, about the same as the first quarter. Our Macao performance reflected sequential improvement, but pandemic-related travel restrictions continued to impact our performance. We do remain confident in the eventual recovery in both Macao and Singapore, and we cannot define the timing of the full recovery, but it’s underway and will continue in 2021. Singapore remains in the $500 million to $600 million range annually, although the second quarter was impacted by heightened pandemic-related restrictions for a portion of the quarter. We will also be subject to closures of both portions of MBS from today to August 5th as part of COVID-19-related protocols. This will obviously have a negative impact on Q3 results. In addition, there remains no visibility as to when air traffic will return in Singapore. Unlike Macao, it is difficult to project additional EBITDA from MBS until the resumption of air travel. Our considerable investment in Macao continues to take shape. As the market recovers Four Seasons and the Londoner will represent growth opportunities, and we continue to have the largest footprint in this incredible market. China continues to demonstrate economic resilience. The spending in Macao is very strong at the premium mass level for both in gaming and retail perspective you may want to reference Page 29 and 30 in your deck. We do have great optimism about our ability to perform to pre-pandemic levels once visitation returns, and our company is dividing into three areas, the Asian portfolio in Macao and Singapore. While we believe Macao will accelerate in the second half of this year and lead the recovery, Singapore will follow upon the resumption of air travel. We are confident we’ll return to a $5 billion-plus EBITDA from Asia in the future. The sale of the Las Vegas assets creates liquidity and vast optionality to explore large land-based destination resorts in the United States and Asia. And finally, we’re in the early innings of building out our digital presence. We’re exploring multiple opportunities at the present and we are eager to have this effort become material to our company in the years ahead and we’ll update you at the appropriate time. Let’s take some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Robin Farley from UBS. Your line is open.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to follow-up on your announcement about your online strategy and kind of pursuing B2B investments? And just if you could help us think about kind of how the brand that you have would help in the B2B effort or how -- just in terms of what that does for Sands as well in a reciprocal way? And then also, if that -- is that going to be the full extent or are you still looking also at B2C options in the online market? Thanks.
Rob Goldstein: Pat, do you want to take that?
Patrick Dumont: Sure. Happy too. Thanks, Robin. So a few points. I think our brand is very strong. I think we have decades of established brand and high-quality operations and a great relationship with customers. We think that’s very powerful to your point. One thing we’re thinking about is we’re really investing for the future. We take a very long-term approach. We’re still evaluating a lot of different opportunities. I think B2B presents a very significant opportunity for us. Davis has a great history and we’re really looking forward to him getting started and we’re happy that he joined us. I think we’ll provide updates as we make progress. It’s still very early stages. But we’re looking forward to be able to deploy capital over many years and really look at this from the long-term and create a lot of long-term shareholder value. And I think in the future, you’ll see us looking at other things and other opportunities. As Rob said on other calls, we’re going to be very patient. We’re going to be prudent and we’re going to look for opportunities where we see ways to create real value in the long-term. So I don’t think this is the last thing you’ll see from us. But I think it’s really just the beginning and we’re looking forward to seeing this thing evolve over time. So as we make progress, we’ll definitely provide more updates.
Robin Farley: Okay. And I don’t know if there’s -- just as a follow-up, just thinking about the B2B, many of the B2B providers out there kind of working with those that would technically be your competitors in land-based. And so, I guess, how do you think about framing that, how they would see Sands’ presence in the online business as somebody that they would partner with versus a competitor? Thanks.
Patrick Dumont: It’s a very fair point. And I think, interestingly, our company has seen a lot of changes in the last 12 months. And I think one of the things that we thought about when we considered this is that we really are conflicting. The operation, which we -- the markets in which we operate going forward are going to be Singapore and Macao. And so from that standpoint, it’s really a limited universe of people who are our true competitive set clearly in some of the larger geographies where a B2B services model could really be productive. So I think from our standpoint, we are a little bit neutral. Like we believe we are from the sense that in a lot of the markets that we might look to target, we don’t have any land-based operations and don’t have any B2C operations where we could find customers from a B2B business model standpoint. So we feel pretty good about it.
Robin Farley: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Rob Goldstein: Thanks, Robin.
Operator: Your next question is from Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, guys. Nice to hear your voices. We probably kind of said it mostly, just in terms of Macao’s reliance on travel and mobility enhancing measures and timing there. So I am not going to waste my time on that. But I think that the last call, Wilfred gave a decent amount of detail and I would say a decent amount of optimism in terms of your license potentially markets getting extended sometime middle of this year and that timeframe has sort of passed with it. But now I was hoping you could just give us an update on your conversations or your thinking renewal/extension process in Macao?
Rob Goldstein: Wilfred, are you there?
Dr. Wilfred Wong: Yes. Thank you. Yeah. I think the situation has not changed. The -- obviously, the extension, it’s a very complicated issue. It’s something that the Macao Government and the Chinese Government will have to look at very carefully. They also have their own preoccupation at this stage. For example, the Macao Government apart from still working very hard on making sure that Macao remains a safe city in all the precautionary measures against COVID. They are now preparing for the mixed legislative council election, which is due on the 12th of September. So the government is operating at a pace where they feel they want to launch the public consultation for the concession renewal towards the second half of this year, which we believe might mean that it will only happen after the legislative council election. Now I don’t think the government is in a rush to renew the license, because they want to do things right. And as we all know, there are many legal issues they have to attend to such as the concession and sub-concession issue and this -- they can only go to the legislative council when the new council is in place. And then so, for -- at this stage, we are really focusing on doing our best, aligning our interest with the government, such as focusing on investment and reinvestment opportunities, building out our properties, improving our operational efficiencies, maintaining a stable workforce, which is very important during this pandemic. And I think that things will pan itself out eventually, because as we’ve moved closer to the expiry of the concession, naturally that the extension of the concession is an option, which the government will have to look at. But at this stage, there is nothing official and we have no privy information.
Rob Goldstein: And just to follow-up, Joe, on Wilfred’s comments, we remain very comfortable with our position. We have to be patient, but there will be resolution. As you know, we’ve said numerous times, we’ve led the efforts in Macao for a diversified approach to development. We’ve gone above and beyond. Sheldon was the guy behind the Cotai development. We invested US$15-plus and we continue to follow the government’s advice and direction. So we remain very confident and very patient waiting for the government’s decision. But no real change, nothing new, but we’ve not altered our belief that we’re in a very good position, very comfortable.
Joe Greff: I appreciate the thoughts. Thank you, guys.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, guys. Good afternoon and good morning. Rob, could you talk a little bit about the project at MBS, obviously, 2025 is the deadline or, sorry, is the expected opening. As you kind of have this amount of setbacks and acknowledging that you guys kind of pushed it earlier, given COVID back in 2020. Does 2025 still seem kind of realistic as a target? And what are kind of the goalposts for some of the construction work along the way?
Rob Goldstein: I am going to give it to Patrick, except for one. I’ll say this before Patrick jumps in. We remain very committed to Singapore to withstand our presence and footprint. Obviously, COVID has thrown a monkey wrench, a big monkey wrench in this whole thing. But this is an extraordinary market. We are going to invest in Singapore. We’ve done very well there and the addition is going to happen. I think the timeframe really depends on the ability to go back to work in the construction area and getting things back in line. I think we’ve lost 2021, we’re heading to 2022. So, again, we’re committed and I’ll ask Patrick to provide more color because he’s dealt with the government directly.
Patrick Dumont: Thanks, Rob. I think the key thing is what Rob just said, which is there’s a certain amount of uncertainty around the timing and availability of when we can actually get things done. A lot of the early parts of this project required us to work with certain government agencies to seek their approval and to work with them collaboratively to ensure that we fulfill the obligations and their desires as well as part of this project. It’s a very tight sight. It’s eight acres. There’s a lot of programming, a lot of density and a lot of things that have to be worked through, and a lot of things have to be integrated into the current environment to make it right. And so we’re starting to work with some of those things. But as a practical matter, the nature of the construction project of this complexity and size would always be challenging in a normal environment. So I think we’re just trying to be cautious and make sure that we understand all of the different parameters around labor and construction timelines before we say that this is a schedule that is not achievable or is achievable. I think a lot of it depends on the environment and how things go in terms of concession, excuse me, COVID recovery over the next couple of months. We’ll have a much better view at that time. But right now, I think, we’re just -- we’re cautiously optimistic. We’re going to continue to work with the government and hopefully have an opportunity to get going sooner rather than later.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thanks, Rob and Patrick. If I could just one quick one, has there been any thought, obviously, now given that the sale of Venetian Las Vegas and the proceeds that are on the comp for that, can you potentially revisiting the bidding process in Japan?
Rob Goldstein: Not at this time, Carlo. We’ve had inquiries from a lot of parties there. We tried very hard. There’s a lot of money and a lot of human capital worked there in the last 10 years, 15 years and we left with a feeling that there was just too much uncertainty for us. We can always revisit something based on a change in circumstance, but at this point, we remain on the sidelines.
Carlo Santarelli: Understood. Thanks, Rob.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling: Hey, thanks. Could you just talk a little bit about some of the different expansion opportunities for land-based resorts in the U.S. or even other broader markets that we haven’t touched base on so far and how you prioritize to evaluate those different markets?
Rob Goldstein: Well, in the U.S., you know of our efforts in New York, which we shutdown because New York did not resolve that issue. So that’s not available at this time. Texas, we remain very committed to pursuing. I think it’s a couple years away. But I think there’s a real chance down the road back in Texas doing something down there. There’s some recent news there in Florida. We put a new order in Florida. If we can get some opportunity, we’re going to look past there in 2022, because we’re successfully gathering signatures to get a vote in the fall of 2022 for a land-based opportunity. In the U.S., that’s all at this point we’re looking at. Obviously, we’ve discussed Japan, although, previously. Our best opportunities are to reinvest in Macao and Singapore because those places have proven huge successes. And I think when you’re as fortunate as we are to have made $5-plus billion when we build out there, who knows what, but there’s a lot of running room in both Singapore and Macao. Frankly, they remain our biggest focus, because they’re so extraordinary and hard to duplicate anywhere in the world. And I think that’s our focus right now is getting MBS things to up, and hopefully, late in the fall, we can invest more in Macao. The Londoner will be completed later this year or 2022, Four Seasons. We would love to deploy more capital in Asia. I think the broad opportunity is interesting. We’ll see when we have the ability to get there. But it’s hard to find things as extraordinary as the two places we operate today.
Stephen Grambling: Makes sense. Thanks so much. I’ll jump back in the queue.
Rob Goldstein: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Shaun Kelley: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Maybe a question for either Grant or Wilfred, but I was wondering, I think, we have a pretty good sight line on the core premium mass market and how that’s performing and how the spending behavior is going. But I was wondering if there’s any color insights you guys have gleaned just from what you’re seeing on more of the base mass or the lower end mass market. I am sure the sample set is small, just kind of curious on how the customer is behaving when they are in the market and what you’ve seen in some of your properties if you could provide anything there?
Rob Goldstein: Grant?
Grant Chum: Yeah. Hi, Shaun. Good morning. I think the trends have been pretty consistent in the last six months. You see, I think, very strong consumption propensity, great strength in spending power for those who have returned to Macao for leisure trips and I think that applies across the different segments. But, obviously, clearly, the premium mass, the segment has returned in greater volume, greater number of patrons. But when you go farther down to mid level and the base mass, the spending power is definitely prominent. However, we can see from the visitations, they are still around, let’s say, low 20% of where we were before the pandemic. So the base mass is clearly impacted by just the drastic reduction in the number of people visiting. But the people who are coming are actually staying longer and in most cases, more. And I think what was encouraging sequentially, although, June was somewhat of a temporary hiccup, what was encouraging was we saw the greatest amount of sequential growth in the base mass in the FRT segments versus Q1. Although premium mass continued to cover. The bigger bounce back was actually in the base mass. So we hope to see some of those makes encouraging trends continue into the summer holidays and beyond.
Shaun Kelley: Great. And maybe change here for a quick follow-up on the online topic, if I could. For Patrick or Rob, just kind of want to get your quick sense on maybe the build versus buy equation, right? So, obviously, some of these technologies and things are out there, but they could be quite expensive. Just how do you kind of weigh maybe some of the options that are around acquisitions and sizing relative to possibly things that could be done maybe more organically?
Rob Goldstein: Patrick?
Patrick Dumont: So it’s a very interesting question. It’s something that we’ve been looking at for a while and we continue to look at. It’s an interesting comment about valuations. I think there’s been a lot of optimism in the market, call it, the last six months to 12 months, and valuations have definitely moved around a lot in the last few weeks. I think the key thing for us is we’re really building for the long-term and so when we look at things we’re really going to take a long-term view of value and if we do acquire something, it’s going to be for the reason that it fits into a much larger broader strategy and something where we see long-term value creation by owning it. I also think we’re not necessarily looking to take big bites right away. I think this is something we’re going to look to develop it over time in the prudent manner and sort of build more and then maybe buy where it makes sense. I don’t think you’ll see us go out and make a splash by using Las Vegas sale proceeds in any large transformational acquisition unless there’s some really compelling reason why we have to do it. But that’s not our focus. Our focus is to build the product, get the culture right, get the opportunity right and then make acquisitions as they fit in with the overall strategy.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Thomas Allen: Yeah. Patrick, just a follow-up to that question. Respect that you’re not going to do a transformational deal, but how are you thinking about the size of the deal, like, are you thinking of being kind of an incubator for startups or are you thinking of like hundreds of millions, low billions, how are you thinking about the sizes?
Patrick Dumont: It’s a pretty broad range. I’ll tell you that, our goal is really, I don’t know that we provide a lot of value at the angel stage. We might be able to help some people, but I am not really sure that that’s where we provide sort of the most value. I think from our standpoint, if we can get kind of earlier-stage and mid-stage, but again fitting into a larger strategy, that’s where we’ll look to be really effective. I think things that are much larger that would be transformational in the $1 billion range. We would have to have a really good reason to do it and I think we would want to be operating for a while to understand why that would make sense for us. But I don’t think we’re going to buy our way into a business. I think we’re going to develop our way into a business and look to see how acquisitions help enhance that approach.
Thomas Allen: Helpful color. That makes sense. And then just on Macao and Singapore, respecting that the majority of your business and the majority of your future is really around the mass market. VIP came in really light. Only $600 million of rolling chip volumes in Singapore stood out. Just can you talk about what’s going on there and your expectations?
Rob Goldstein: Well, I think, you’re saying, you’re looking at Singapore as opposed to Macao you said right, Thomas? I think…
Thomas Allen: I think Macao was down quarter-over-quarter too, Rob, so like, I mean, Singapore was what really stood out, but just talk about VIP in general and kind of your expectations there?
Rob Goldstein: Well, VIP, as you know, right now it’s a closed market, just locals only. So you do trading mostly exclusively on people who are living in Singapore and that maybe people residing during the pandemic. You might get an extra push from some of the folks who have moved to Singapore to wait out the pandemic as part of the reason. But I don’t think you can look at our numbers at this point and really make a whole lot of inference as a future, because it’s so -- without having -- look at the slot business there, it’s so outsized and yet it’s surprising us how well it’s doing because that never was the case that kind of performance. You have people that can’t leave, they are stuck in Singapore. The same way people can’t leave, they are stuck in Singapore right now on the high end. So I think it’s hard to make inferences looking into the future. It’s probably a trend. It’s just an anomaly. I think that’s going to be the case until this thing resolves and there’s air traffic in and out of Singapore. You’ll see these trends both good and bad that are confusing. And I think in the case of it’s very difficult to look at Singapore’s numbers and come up with a clear direction where it goes and the slot performance confused all of us initially and now you realize a lot of people who travel outside Singapore are staying to gamble. The same probably holds true on the high end on the Chinese nationals to be residing in Singapore during the pandemic. So I am not sure you can make a whole lot of long-term trends based on what we’re seeing today in Singapore.
Patrick Dumont: There’s one other comment that might be helpful, which is the way we’re sort of thinking about it, is that the investment in the product really matter. And so if you look at what we’ve done during the pandemic, we spent a lot of time and deployed a lot of capital in sort of enhancing the offering that we have. So when there is a recovery, we have better capacity and a more competitive product. It is a product driven industry. And so from our standpoint, the way we think about the long-term is the level of investment that we put in during the pandemic, so we can position ourselves in a more strong way when the recovery happens. So I wouldn’t look at the rolling volumes now and you -- to indicate anything. I think you should look at the fact that we’ve been able to deploy capital, create higher quality products, create higher quality experience for our customers and that way we’re stronger positioned on the other side and that’s how we’re really approaching it.
Thomas Allen: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Wieczynski from Stifel. Your line is open.
Steve Wieczynski: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. So probably going back to Wilfred with this question, but I guess for Americans and investors that we talk to, it’s tough for us to understand where China is with respect to their vaccination progress. And case counts continue to look pretty promising, but China is still having issues. But is it -- China still having issues with lack of availability with the vaccine or is it the vaccine that’s being used hasn’t been effective or is it just something else? I am just trying to get more color around that if all that makes sense?
Rob Goldstein: Well, thank you for the question. Actually, China is not lacking in vaccines. Actually, they export quite a lot of vaccines. But the truth, if you look at the statistics, China today has already administered 1.5 billion doses of vaccine. Now that really means that over 50%, 60% of the population has been vaccinated and if you assume everyone has two doses, then that represents 53%. And they are still vaccinating at over 10 million doses a day. So what it means is, every 25 days, they can increase that vaccination rate by 10%. Now, that is also to some extent true for Hong Kong and Macao. Hong Kong already administered 5 million doses and its vaccination rate is already over 40%. Macao administered 460,000 doses. That’s also over 40% of the population. So we’re quite confident that if China continues in that rate and with the increase of vaccination rate by about 10% per 25 days, when you come to winter, almost the whole population like 90%, 80%, would be vaccinated. Now, I think once we reach that level, that travel bubble within China, including Hong Kong and Macao is really possible. Now what you have seen in the news is that because China adopts a non-tolerance policy towards COVID, so whenever there’s some outbreak in certain areas in the country, it’s widely reported and they immediately go back to lockdown. And that’s why I think the best scenario in the short-term is a travel bubble between China, Hong Kong and Macao, because they are so concerned about the importation of COVID cases, especially with the variant cases.
Steve Wieczynski: That’s great color. Appreciate it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your last question is from David Katz from Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Katz: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. You covered a lot of…
Rob Goldstein: Hi.
David Katz: You covered a lot of ground. What I wanted to ask was just kind of a broader question. You’re taking in everything about the U.S. and what you’ve said in Asia. If we were to think about what LVS looks like in say three years to five years out or two years to five years out. What’s that picture look like? What’s the vision for that? What are the -- and obviously that can be as qualitative and high level as you’re thinking about it? But I’d love to just hear your perspectives on that.
Rob Goldstein: Well, it’s pretty simple from our perspective. I mean, first and foremost, we return to $5 billion or $6 billion EBITDA in our Macao and Singapore markets. We see a renewed investment in both Macao and Singapore to grow that from $5 billion to $6 billion and beyond. We still see a one or two land-based facility in the United States [Audio Gap] maybe Florida and Texas and last we have a strong regional presence. And reflecting our balance sheet, we have the ability to do all these things. I think we’re convinced in Asia that the most important thing in this company is the timing is uncertain of a return to more normal environment in Asia, but the outcome is not uncertain, it’s going to happen. And I think it reflects what happened here in Las Vegas, which is people flock to these casinos, will make more money than pre-COVID and our business will boom again and I think, you are asking, clearly, asking about timing, but not of the outcome. And also we’re not going to invest heavily in both those places, because that’s our best path to $6 billion, $7 billion, $8 billion EBITDA. We have been very clear of these in both Texas, Florida, and perhaps, other larger jurisdictions in the U.S. We will be -- we have the balance sheet and the optionality to pursue those, and as Pat just outlined, we are very involved in the digital strategy. It’s pretty slow to get there. But I think three years to five years from now you’ll see a real positive outcome. And that’s where we think we end up. We feel pretty confident. We’ve been derailed the last 18 months by this horrific virus, this pandemic. But I think it’s clear we’re heading, to me it’s very obvious that we’re going to be patient and stay the course and I think we’re doing that. We have ample liquidity to do anything we want to do anywhere in a large scale. So that would be my thought three years to five years from now. Patrick, just go ahead with this [ph]?
Patrick Dumont: I couldn’t agree with you more and I think that the great thing about it is we have a lot of opportunity in front of us, right? I can’t tell you which one of these options hopefully all of them become available but probably. And the great thing is that we’ve just invested $2.2 billion in Macao. We feel very strongly about the market and the potential to invest more post-concession renewal. We feel very strongly about the expansion in Singapore and our long-term commitment. Singapore is a very unique tourist destination and a high quality of earnings potential that we’ll get from Singapore. And then looking to the U.S., these are just great locations. And looking at the digital opportunity, we feel really strongly about the returns and the potential growth that’s in this area. So from a company standpoint, five years from now, we could be looking like a very different company in terms of our scale. And to Rob’s point earlier, I think, our balance sheet and the capability that the liquidity from the sale of Las Vegas presents allows us to pursue all these opportunities. So we’re very bullish about it.
David Katz: And if I may just follow-up quickly and I appreciate all of that, with respect to the digital strategy, is -- the notion that it would be integrated with the company as it is today and branded as such or is it more of a sort of a separate enterprise or potentially either still at this point? Thank you.
Patrick Dumont: Rob, if you’re okay, I’ll grab that one.
Rob Goldstein: Yeah. Please. Please do.
Patrick Dumont: So I think the key thing to note is, we have a very skilled team and a great platform. We have a very strong corporate culture. We have just the ability to execute on a variety of different things and I think we have the capital to have patience and invest for the long-term. And so I think this is going to be a business that will require separate people, separate infrastructure and be distinct. That being said, it will benefit from being part of our larger organization. So much like Singapore and Macao are part of a global team, they have things that are specific to them that they have to deal with and so will this business. But it will benefit from being part of the larger organization.
David Katz: Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you, David, as always. Dan?
Operator: This concludes…
Rob Goldstein: That concludes -- go ahead.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-21 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Katrina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Daniel Briggs.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you, Katrina. Joining me on the call today are Rob Goldstein, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Patrick Dumont, our President and Chief Operating Officer. Also joining us on the call are Dr. Wilfred Wong, President of Sands China; and Grant Chung, Chief Operating Officer of Sands China.  Before I turn the call over to Rob, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the safe harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements.  In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release. Please note that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website. We will refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please turn the call over to Rob.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks, Dan, and good afternoon, and a very early good morning to our colleagues in Asia. Some brief comments then we'll [indiscernible] Q&A. Our results reflect the pandemic's impact. We did generate $244 million of EBITDA for the quarter. And we continue to have a strong belief in the Macao recovery because the March numbers were very different from those in January and February and the recent visitation numbers and [indiscernible] for April reflect continued acceleration. Obviously, we cannot define the timing of the full recovery, but it's underway and we will continue in 2021.  At this time, Singapore is in the $500 million to $600 million range annual EBITDA. There is no visibility as to when air traffic will return to Singapore. And unlike Macao, it's more difficult to project additional or incremental EBITDA from MBS until the resumption of [material] [ph] air travel. Our investments in Macao continue to take shape as the market recovers, Four Seasons and Londoner will present, I think large growth opportunities for us, and we continue to have -- we do have the largest structure in this incredible market of Macao. And China continues to demonstrate economic resilience. The spending in Macao is very strong [the premium mass] [ph] level for both a gaming and a retail perspective and referenced on Page 29 and 30 [investment] [ph] retail perspective, there's some pleasant surprises there. But again, we have no reservations on our ability to perform to pre-pandemic levels once visitation returns.  Our company today is sort of divided in 3 different areas: The Asia portfolio, Macao and Singapore. And while we believe Macao will accelerate this year and lead the recovery, Singapore follow-up on resumption of air travel and participate in the recovery as well, and we anticipate a return to a $5 billion-plus EBITDA from Asia in the future.  [On the sale] [ph] of Las Vegas assets enable us to have huge optionality to explore large scale land-based destination works in both United States and Asia. And finally, we have -- we're eager to have a material digital presence in the future. We are exploring multiple opportunities at the present time. This is obviously a departure from our historical approach, and we'll update you at the appropriate time.  So let's go to Q&A and have first caller, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. First question, we have Robin Farley -- I'm sorry, we have Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli: Rob, I appreciate there's probably some sensitivity around it. But in your prepared remarks, obviously, you talked about some of the Asia opportunities. And clearly, upon the completion of the Las Vegas sale, which obviously came at a very nice multiple for you guys, and I'm sure you're having very nice proceeds coming out of it. How do you think about the use of those proceeds in light of some of the opportunities? You're obviously kind of eyeing in Asia relative to, obviously, the return of a dividend, potential for buybacks longer term, potentially owning more [indiscernible] in China, all of the above? How do you kind of prioritize that pecking order and acknowledging you could do several of those things kind of what the balance sheet position that it's in?
Robert Goldstein: Sure. We're looking at -- obviously a great opportunity for return. I think we continue to believe there'll be something happening in Macao at some point in the future, which will enable us to reinvest in Macao on a non-gaming basis. We're hopeful that'll happen sooner than later. You know that our project in Singapore, our phase 2 project is -- we're still continuing to work through those issues there. We continue to look at other Asian -- large-scale Asian opportunities. And then, of course, we think in the U.S., there may be some opportunities for us here. And lastly, digital. I think we look at everything individually and look at the returns and -- but our priority remains getting back on our feet in Asia be back to a $5-plus billion EBITDA and maintain -- that's the backbone of our company. That's what we'll start first. If something opportunistic opens up in U.S., Bob is with the bat and if something opens up digitally, we're deep into a digital and deep dive to figure out -- have deployed capital and intelligently to get a return. And I think there'll be some nice opportunities in the future there. As far as the dividend, I like Patrick to address that issue and return of the dividend. Patrick?
Patrick Dumont: Sure. Thanks, Rob. So I think, as Rob mentioned, we look very cautiously at the way we deploy capital, and we're very patient and we look for the way to maximize our returns for shareholders. And so when we look at the dividend, it really was and hopefully will be in the future, really the cornerstone, and you've heard me say that before, of a return of capital program. And I think where we are today is that we're going to look for operations to return to a baseline level and get a sense of where those operations are trending and then make an assessment with the Board and with management looking at our long-term potential to where the dividend should be given our ability to reinvest and allocate capital to other projects that are higher growth. And so I think it's pretty consistent with what you've heard us say before in calls, and nothing's changed from that perspective.
Carlo Santarelli: Great, guys. And then if I could, whoever kind of wants to take this, it's more of an opinion question than anything else. But obviously, There is some consternation in the investment community around the status of VIP in Macao and the direction of the VIP going forward in Macao, whether or not if there's a perception that, that will have a positive or negative impact on the premium mass segment. One could obviously make the case that VIP customers who are having a harder time accessing capital, who do like to go -- could obviously move into the mass segment or premium mass segment, which wouldn't be the worst thing to happen or the fact that maybe some of that still overplay from VIP, if the VIP is softer doesn't show up in mass. Rob, maybe what's kind of your view and a view from your folks in Macao on how that -- how they would expect that to play out?
Robert Goldstein: I have a very strong view, but since I woke up Grant at 04:30 morning, why don't Grant take that call. Grant? Are you there?
Grant Chum: Yes. Thanks, Rob. Yes. We're here yes. Sure. On the question of VIP and premium mass, I think you've clearly seen the segments have diverged in terms of the recovery. Clearly, premium mass is -- has made a very significant recovery and already approaching 50% of pre-pandemic levels. VIP on the other hand, is still struggling at around 20% or sub-20%. So the segments are actually following very different trajectories, and we would expect that to continue for the time being. And of course, your question about whether there's spillover, whether there's migration I don't think those dynamics have really changed since a few years ago that there is a structural change over time, where more of the customers and more of the new customers are dealing directly with the casino operators program. And of course, the great assets on the integrated resort that all of the operators, including us, we've built up, have attracted more and more of these consumers to the premium mass program, and we expect that to continue over time as these non-gaming lifestyle assets and products continue to attract people to play in our programs.
Operator: Next question, we have Joe Greff from JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff: When you look at your advanced bookings for the Golden Week holiday in Macao, do these bookings suggest or imply a further acceleration in the visitation or mix quality might be tough on sort of spend or GGR level relative to April and March? And anything underlying that suggests that maybe people are anticipating any -- or Macao patrons are anticipating any further incremental easing of travel restrictions?
Robert Goldstein: [Indiscernible] to share with you our bookings for Gold Week. I just think we look at the -- I think the best reflection in the market right now is the acceleration in April. I think across the board, both visitation revenue is growing. And we remain convinced Macao is in a recovery mode already. I think the term came in March, very encouraging. I think it's foolish for us to try -- again, call the shots, so to speak, as when -- as this thing grows. I don’t think it might be a [indiscernible] to define it. I think, instead it's a slow process of gradual growth. And I think the market will be disappointed [indiscernible] inflection point was just like Golden Week pops the numbers to a materially different level. I think we're seeing a gradual growth. The easing restrictions, obviously, the government decision. People are getting there as evidenced by the numbers coming out of April and the revenues. And I think we believe that this will just continue to accelerate with the only caveat being -- hopefully, obviously returned any cases of virus. [Can you offer,] [ph] Grant, any thoughts on that?
Grant Chum: Yes. I think what Rob said is absolutely right. The term really started in March. In March, we started to experience a pretty meaningful rebound in visitations versus January and February. And as you've seen from the figures released by MGTO, that has continued on a similar momentum in April with visitations reaching post-pandemic highs in the mid of April. So the acceleration is seen across -- very encouragingly across all the different segments, whether you're talking about premium mass, mass. But the encouraging thing is that since March, we've really seen an acceleration in the base mass as well as the leisure FIT guests at the hotel, of course, retail, especially at the high-end consumption end of things. And we've even had an initial resumption of the MICE segment activity in March and bookings for Q2 look encouraging for the MICE as well, which is a surprise. But I think what you can see is a broad-based recovery in the different segments since early March.
Robert Goldstein: I don't think we're going to get very emotional if there's not as big a number comes out of the May. We -- I think it's more -- it's a slow but very steady road upwards. Here in Las Vegas, it looks like the weekend is pre-pandemic levels, it's amazingly busy year and demand is back. I think Macao is going to follow suit. Of course, Vegas is still leading to the return of the group business, but that's inevitable. I think the U.S. is obviously in a different place than Asia. But I think China and Macao are just going to continue to move forward, accelerate. I think you'll see a slow gradual return in the second half of the year it could be very positive for everybody over there.
Joseph Greff: Great. And then my follow-up question is maybe for all of you, those in Las Vegas and those in the ground early in the morning in Macao. And I just wanted to ask a question about a topic you guys love to answer is sort of your thoughts on the timing or process for the concession renewals. And I think I'm going to ask in a way that's answerable. If the government was thinking of renewing or extending 12 months in front of that expansion, right? And we're knocking on that and even if that was an extension for relatively short periods, would they have discussions for that with you by now? And maybe I'll have a -- I'll let you sort of open-endedly answer that question.
Robert Goldstein: Yes. Joe, I don't think we want to speculate because we don't know -- we're not [indiscernible] the government. We don't know what they’re thinking. But as we said, ad nauseam in the past, we remain strong believers is our position there. The story about the [ASEAN] [ph] and what we've done in Cotai and the $15 billion investment and the non-gaming assets we built back. We just aren't that concerned about - when the government tells us they tell us, but we don't have the insight and nor do we have any idea when they're going to do that. But we feel renewals will happen. We feel very confident of our position. And other than that, I don't have any other insight, unless Wilfred, anything you want to add to that? Is that fair to say?
Wilfred Wong: Yes. All the sixth concessioners are waiting eagerly for the government to make announcements as we draw closer to the expiration of the concession. But as ever, we stand ready to cooperate with the government once they announced the timeline and what they intend to do over the next 12, 18 months.
Operator: Next question, we have Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs.
Stephen Grambling: As a follow-up, I think, to Carlo's question on the proceeds from Las Vegas. I guess, where would raising your ownership of Sands China factor into that list? And can you just remind us what the process or limitations might be if you did want to go down that path?
Robert Goldstein: Sure. Pat, do you want to grab that?
Patrick Dumont: Yes, sure. So I think from our standpoint, we feel very strongly about the long-term future and success of Macao as the world's leading leisure and tours destination. And as Rob has said before and as you've heard on these calls, we're very interested in investing more there in non-gaming. We feel very strongly in the future of Macao. So it's definitely something that we think about and consider over time. I think where we are now -- we don't have the proceeds yet. We're looking at all the options, and we're going to consider everything. I think we're going to be very focused on returns. And so I think we're looking at new developments we're looking at how to increase and develop more in the markets that we're in. And I think that will be something that we think about. And I think really for us, there's a lot of opportunity in front of the company. And we're being patient. We're looking at it all. And we're going to look through the lens of maximizing return. So it's not something that I'm going to say we're going to do now, but it's something that is in the things that we consider as we look across the way we might allocate capital.
Stephen Grambling: And so just to clarify, is there a maximum ownership percentage that you can go up to for Sands China? 
Patrick Dumont: So I think technically they want to have 25% of the float outstanding for the exchange, but there are exceptions.
Stephen Grambling: Got it.
Patrick Dumont: Grant, I want to make sure that, that makes sense. Grant I just want to ask Grant Chum, I want to make sure I didn't [indiscernible] thing there, but ...
Grant Chum: Yes.
Robert Goldstein: That's correct. You're right.
Stephen Grambling: That's helpful. And then as we think about the model going forward, I realize that you broke out the Las Vegas assets within the EBITDA count. But is there any impact that we should be thinking about and it's more of a modeling question, but as we think about corporate expenses, going forward, is it basically what you reported this quarter kind of the right run rate to think about? Or is there other things that might be in there?
Patrick Dumont: No. I think what you should see over time is that corporate expenses should adjust post sale. But I think in the long run, we will continue to have a corporate office that manages the activities of the enterprise as a whole. So there's nothing in there that's noise right now, but you should expect to see some changes going forward after the completion of the sale.
Operator: Next question, we have Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: So just on Marina Bay Sands, the performance of the property improved quarter-over-quarter. Obviously, they're not getting any more Chinese visitors there. So can you just talk about some of the drivers of that?
Robert Goldstein: Yes. Surprisingly, our slot business there are exceptional -- the biggest drivers are slot performance has been outsized. It's been -- I mean we actually are not up against pre-pandemic levels, the slot floor. I think that reflects the comfort level with the team and other for the ability the to buy slot capacity without having a feel uncomfortable. It's more difficult on the table side to do that there's more spacing on the table side, which makes it difficult. But as you referenced, not having that fond of station is very hurtful because -- Singapore traditionally, the residents there and the visitors and the current residents all. It was a slot -- strong slot market before we he got there, just has gotten better over the years with the -- our ability to provide a good quality product. But that's the driver, no question about it. But without that foreign visitation, it's hard to grow the premium mass in the high-end table business.  So we convince struggle and I think we'll stay in this range until things improve. And unlike Macao, I think we're going to see a move in this summer and fall. I don't think you can see that -- any reason to believe that happens in Singapore. The neighboring countries are still struggling with the vaccinations, be it Malaysia or Indonesia or Japan, there's no real evidence that this is going to change in the short term. But it's a slot business over there that's been really exceptionally strong.
Patrick Dumont: The other thing to note, and this is Patrick, is just keep in mind that while the pandemic-related restrictions has eased, the actual activity levels of the people in Singapore has gotten more back-to-normal over time across the quarter, right? So as people get vaccinated, as public health initiatives bear fruits, people who are in Singapore are more out and about. And so we benefited from some of that as well. So it's not as if there's a change, to Rob's point before, it's not as if there's a change in visitation, but there has been a change in activity in Singapore as things return more to normal there.
Thomas Allen: Makes total sense. And then just as my follow-up, it seems like you're getting more and more serious about your digital strategy. Can you just elaborate a little bit more of that?
Robert Goldstein: I don't see anything because we're not very yet, Thomas. We have -- we're like the new guys with locker, I think the game is just beginning. And we're looking at it from many, many aspects. We've been a lot of man hours, a lot of people looking at the opportunities. We have a big appetite, but as you know, that market is still developing be it -- I think we're looking not just in the sports or the game, but all aspects of digital. We find it fastening and very, very complementary to our land-based business. But we're just not ready yet to disclose what we're going to do because we haven't decided. So not much color there, but I think you'll be hearing from us this year and next year about the direction we're taking.
Operator: Next question, we have Shaun Kelley of Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: I just wanted to go back to the kind of question around some of the possible reinvestment back into Asia as you've got so much cash or liquidity available on the balance sheet and obviously heading into the concession process. So my specific question was that there was some press recently about possible investment in the broader Greater Bay area being a potential criteria or a potential result of the concession process? And I would just kind of peaked my thinking around, would that be something that LVS would consider potentially investing in non-gaming, let's call it, in the broader region, but outside of Macao directly? Is that something you -- how would you react to that?
Robert Goldstein: Positively. And we are -- again, we're strong believers in the rebound of Macao. It's coming back and there are people who somehow don't believe it, that's -- we'll have to wait and see. But it's going to come back in a strong way. We'll be the leading site in that space, our Londoner and Four Seasons investments are going to be having very well received. If the government wants us to invest in the region, and it makes -- we'll do it. We have capital, we've appetite, and we remain committed to Macao in a big way. We believe it's going to grow and grow for us. And despite all the distractions and all the pandemic, all the issues, Macao still remains from a land-based perspective, the most opportunistic and advantageous market in the world. And we plan to be there for a long time and invest more capital. And again, the government's directions will be pound out to our thinking.
Shaun Kelley: Great. And just maybe as a quick follow-up. potential reopening of Hong Kong, just kind of curious on latest there. I think the case counts have been, I think, very low. And there's some positive news there, but I think the vaccination rate is also very low. So just curious on color from that part of the market and that as a possible avenue for reopening some of the travel in the region.
Robert Goldstein: Sure. Wilfred or Grant can grab that since you guys are right there at the middle of it?
Wilfred Wong: Yes. I think it is gratifying to note that the cases every day has dropped to single digit. And I think yesterday, there was no home case in Hong Kong. The -- both governments of Hong Kong and Macao have announced that if there is a continuing period of 14 days of zero cases, they would open or consider opening the border between Hong Kong and Macao. And I think the Hong Kong government is working very hard to achieve that. And hopefully, that if that happens, that's going to help our business a lot.
Operator: Next question, we have Chad Beynon from Macquarie.
Chad Beynon: I know it's early on the Londoner opening of phase 1 here, but just wanted to ask about the makeup of the customer or how you guys are running that right now between Londoner and Venetian? Is there a major difference in terms of the customers that are visiting 1 versus the other from a base or premium standpoint? And are you deciding to comp certain players into 1 versus the other? Just trying to get some additional color in terms of how that's running since it just reopened?
Robert Goldstein: Mr. Chum?
Kwan Chum: Yes, yes. On the subject of Londoner, well, I think if you take a step back, we opened our first new product in the Four Seasons, the Grand Suites last year, and that has progressed exceptionally well in terms of customer feedback. And so clearly, that is more targeted at the premium mass and the long-stay leisure family guests. And then when we got to early part of 2021, as you referenced, we opened the first phase of Londoner. That's really the main Londoner hotel and the north side of the building with the Crystal Palace Atrium and some of the signature food and beverage outlets and some other tractions that we've opened up so far.  And I think it's important to remember that a large part of the building, namely on the south side, the Sheraton side, is still under heavy construction -- actually both on the interior as well as the exterior side because we have been bringing forward the construction works on that side of the building to take advantage of the low levels of traffic. So in terms of your question about segmentation, it really follows the trajectory of the initial recovery that we see in Macao right now. Therefore, not very much in terms of base mass traffic, and that's both because of the demand side but also the fact that the south side of the building is undergoing large-scale construction. And it's really focused more on the premium mass segment as well as the FIT leisure guest. We've enjoyed a resumption of the FIT segment in the various hotels that we have in the Londoner Macao. But clearly, there's a lot more to come in the remainder of the year into early part of next year in terms of the products that are coming online. We've got second all-suite hotel Londoner opening up later on the year. The Sheraton side, we're going to have the second wow space, atrium Shakespeare hall coming online imminently in the second quarter. Obviously, we still have the London arena. and another, call it, 6, 7, 8 food and beverage outlets, together with the theme attractions in the property as well as the retheming of the retail shops. So hopefully, that gives you a sense of where we are today.
Chad Beynon: Okay. Yes, that's great. And then separately, just regarding your retail mall business in Asia, which is on Slide 29, you've outlined that rental concessions have come down sequentially, which should be a positive just in terms of the health of your tenants. Is there anything that's going to change dramatically going forward just in terms of a turnover versus base component of the makeup of this business or when visitation kind of gets back to more normalized levels? Do you still expect for the profits of the retail mall portfolio to kind of mirror what you saw pre-pandemic?
Robert Goldstein: Yes, we absolutely expect it to be very much like the pre-pandemic levels. I mean what you're seeing now is similar to the U.S. outside spending by affluent people driving these crazy good numbers out of luxury Four Seasons and others. But I think we expect a full recovery. We have no concerns in trepidation that as visitation in Macao returns and to Singapore, our malls are going back to pre-pandemic levels and perhaps even beyond that. So we -- I don't think there's any concerns that you've seen the correction on the rent concessions, you've seen it go the right direction. But we're very pleased with the caveat that we want to see a return to mass traffic as well as various people driving these large performances.  But yes, we expect it to look a lot like pre-pandemic levels, hopefully, as the year continues. And in Macao -- Singapore, the more difficult because, but again, until the resumption of air traffic and foreign travel. I think Singapore is going to lag their pre-pandemic levels. And again, we feel much more aggressive in the return of Macao than we do at Singapore at this time because we don't see the vaccination kicking as large in the region, nor do we see air traffic -- any visibility in the resumption of air traffic. So it's hard to see Singapore getting back to pre-pandemic levels this year.
Operator: Next question, we have Robin Farley from UBS. .
Robin Farley: A lot of my questions have been asked already. But I'm curious on the online strategy. It sounds like it's going to be a little while from your comment earlier before there would be some announcement about LVS involvement. Is it fair to say, given that there's so much activity around getting market share when new markets open, that if you're kind of maybe coming to the online markets a little bit later than others that maybe your strategy would be kind of M&A focused rather than kind of building from scratch your presence in those markets.
Robert Goldstein: Well, the thought is we can go either direction, we can go to M&A or we could build organically. But at this point, again, I think we'll lay low. I think the challenging businesses -- despite the valuation, there's still challenging businesses. And it's early innings maybe -- in fact national anthem on time in terms of some of these businesses. I mean online in the U.S. is still a very -- not online gaming, which has been the profited -- most positive still in a few states. And I think the sports betting remains a conundrum to some extent to what's really happening there.  So -- and there's also a lot of movement outside the U.S., there's Europe and there's North America, there's all kinds of opportunities. So I don't think it'd be that long, we'll come back to you, but we're trying to again assess how to be smart and targeted, not just -- obviously with the kind of balance sheet we have, the optionality is endless. And we'll be careful and do it the right way. We really have the finest land-based business. So we want to get back and healthy. But we'll come back at the right time and the right strategy and right thought process. And then we'd want to obligate ourselves to say it's going to be organic or it's M&A, but we'll get there. I promise you that. We have a pretty voracious appetite to be in that world. And it may be different than you think it's going to be, but we'll let you know, and we're going to talk about it.
Operator: Next question, we have Steve Wieczynski from Stifel.
Steve Wieczynski: So the guys on the ground earlier in the call, touched on the favorable -- talked about the favorable case counts they're seeing in Hong Kong. But I guess the question is, can you guys provide any color around the actual vaccinations process -- or progress in your key feeder markets like Macao, Hong Kong, Guangdong? Obviously, it's very tough for us over here to get a good understanding where they are today versus maybe somebody like the U.S. is right now. So any color there would be pretty helpful.
Robert Goldstein: Wilfred, Grant, can you help me on that one?
Wilfred Wong: Yes. I think the situation on the ground in China, they have started the vaccination program, but there's no -- really no hurry for people to get the vaccination because China has been very safe for the last months. And for Hong Kong and Macao, Macao has no incidents for over 380 days. So the feeling of comfort is causing a lot of people to adopt the wait and see attitude. But it's getting there, people are slowly ticking up the vaccination. Same with Hong Kong. I think Hong Kong is -- there's, unfortunately, a few cases of people suffering after the vaccination so again, there are people adopting the wait-and-see attitude. But slowly, slowly, people are beginning to realize the importance, especially if they are thinking of traveling overseas that the travel bubble may require vaccination certification. So I think people are beginning to take up vaccination.
Steve Wieczynski: Got you. And Rob, there's been some talk or some rumors out there about Macao potentially moving to a digital currency down the road at some point, try to combat money laundering. Do you have any high-level thoughts around something like that being implemented? And then if something like that would get implemented, maybe the impact you potentially could see across certain business segments?
Robert Goldstein: I think a couple of thoughts to that. One is, I don't -- some people are concerned, we're not -- we think it's an additional form of liquidity into the market. Two, it won't preempt other currencies, there are ways of having funds to gamble. But also, I think some of the problem we have in our industry we think that everything is done in Beijing, they're actually thinking about casinos in Macao. I'm not sure if the case is a different thought process there. Sometimes we very limit our thinking. I don't think Macao is a target or as you mentioned anti-money laundering, much as a digital currency strategy by Beijing. And I don't think it's hurting Macao whatsoever. I think it's just a traditional liquidity. And Grant, do you want to weigh on this at all?
Grant Chum: No. I think you said it well, I think it's a big and complex topic. It's really more about the digital currency strategy of China more broadly. And also how Macao can fit into that. So probably most helpful is to refer to the comments by the Chief Executive recently in the question-and-answer session in the legislature, basically, this digital currency China has been looking at since 2014. And so Macao will also adjust and adapt in order to accommodate this broader strategy on digital currency. But a prerequisite of that is also getting prepared in terms of amending the existing relevant legislation. So this is still an early stage process from the perspective of Macao.
Robert Goldstein: I think the assumption has been by a lot of people, this is a negative thing. We view it as a positive as again, we would love to have more cross currency and more cross-border currency. So to me, the long to protect the Hong Kong dollar and the renminbi, it's another form of currency. And I should only be concerned, our business is not built on money laundering or on necessary junket profile. We're looking to focus on the mass customer, premium mass -- that's our bread and butter, that's who we are, where we want to go in the future. And we can build a business that keeps growing on the back of that. More visitation more penetration in China, more ways we're getting people to gamble and visit Macao is we're looking for. [indiscernible] is another value add to it. I think it's positive. I know the common wisdom is always going to be turbulent. I don't want seeing people think that way. It's not an immediate concern nor I think it's a long-term concern. It may be a very positive thing for Macao market as it becomes more traditional, more integrated into China and more consumer-friendly, it will be very positive for us.
Operator: Our last question is from David Katz from Jefferies.
David Katz: Rob, I just -- you used the term voracious appetite for digital before. And I wondered -- I appreciate it and wondered what intelligence you have or what survey work that gives you a sense that your people, your customers here in the U.S. or you have an audience in the U.S., particularly in the context of Las Vegas going away that, that audience is there for you?
Robert Goldstein: Well, I think [indiscernible]. And Mike, I guess, more voracious is a description of how we feel about that digital market, and you look at it. You can't deny the cumulative power of all those different businesses. And I think we have to do know which 1 we want to enter, which few want to enter. I'm not that concerned about the fact where some people were late to the party or who don't have a sports betting presence because I don't think it's all that difficult to enter them. We want to buy something we could we want to build the platform could. But I think we're looking at -- right now, it's a good kind of to reflect on what's making money, what's going to grow. And I don't think it necessarily in our thought process -- just simply in the U.S., it may be outside in Europe, it would not be in Asia because we would not do something that upsets the governments we do business within Asia. But it could be in Europe, it could be in South America and North America, there're a lot of markets after -- beyond the U.S. And it could be in the U.S., it could be B2B, it could be B2C. I just think the market -- we are spending a lot of time leading and learning.  And with our balance sheet with the sale of Las Vegas, again, we have outsized capital to look at these things. When we build organically or buy something remains to be determined. We won't do something just to do something. It'll be something that's intelligent, well thought out and profitable. And I think we all see -- not just LVS, but we can see the opportunities there for digital market that goes to 20%, 30%, 40%, who knows the numbers. The numbers keep growing in people's minds. And I think there is a belief that the digital market will become probably the hugely opportunistic for people like us, but we plan be part of that. But again, it's growing in each for us. We're just learning the business. And I don't think it's a question of selling Las Vegas takes off the table in fact. I think the sale Las Vegas puts us again even further because it provides the capital and the incentive to grow.  At the same time, I think people have this speed and work concept or if you're a land-based, you can't be digital, you have to be -- we're not either we're going to be a land-based player for years to come, making probably $5-plus billion in Asia in the near future. We're going to be a digital player and we'll still look at -- there's some speculation we want to lead the U.S. market, which is absolutely untrue. We just felt it was a better place to earn more returns on our capital then in Las Vegas. And we think we can be in multiple businesses. We need digital, land-based, Asia, U.S., where the opportunities grow that's where we'll grow. And we're not tied to any one strategy and one thought process.
Operator: Everyone. That's all the time that we have for today. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-28 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Katrina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. Daniel Briggs.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you. Joining on the call today are Rob Goldstein, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Patrick Dumont, our President and Chief Operating Officer. Also joining on the call are Dr. Wilfred Wong, President of Sands China; and Grant Chum, Chief Operating Officer of Sands China. Before I turn the call over to Rob, please let me remind you that today’s conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the safe harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company’s actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in these forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release. Please note that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The last two weeks have been the most difficult in our company’s history as we mourn the loss of our Founder, Sheldon Adelson. Sheldon, as you know, was a visionary. He led the transformation of not one but three integrated resort markets, that being Las Vegas, Macao, and Singapore. He offered the MICE-based Integrated Resort model in Las Vegas. He pioneered the development of the Cotai Strip in Macao and reimagined the skyline of Singapore to the iconic Marina Bay Sands. His audacity to challenge the status quo transformed the entire market. In Las Vegas, Sheldon originated the convention-based Integrated Resort model when no one, and I mean no one, who believe in its viability or sustainability. Today, Las Vegas conventions are synonymous. In Macao community, it’s not easy to forget how Sheldon’s vision for Cotai defied the consensus thinking at that time. Every element of Venetian *Macao is questioned by the skeptics, and I mean every element. A 3,000 room all-suite hotel, when the overnight tours market almost didn’t exist, existing hotel inventory was very limited. The Grand Canal Shoppes with over 300 retail stores in a market that had virtually no retail, a 15,000-seat arena and 1.2 million square foot convention center. He dreamt big but he also delivered, who * developed a critical mass of world-class integrated resorts at a record speed. Before others had * even dared to dream, he completed the Venetian Macao in 2007 and was the fifth year of our company’s 20-year concession. His determination pushing forward diversification and investment in non-gaming in Macao, was unwavering and breathtaking to be part of. Our total investment account today exceeds US$15 billion. We know that Sheldon was a big believer of a strong, healthy, and cordial U.S.-China relationship. He believed it was to the benefit of both countries to maintain a bilateral relationship based on mutual respect. The company, the Board, and the family are absolutely committed to continuing Sheldon’s efforts in this regard. Sheldon is irreplaceable as the visionary founder of our company of the unmatched portfolio of integrated resort assets, and the management team he assembled to operate and expand the business in the future remain here in place, ready to work. The DNA of the company that Sheldon founded will remain ever-present. The company with the full and wholehearted support of the Board and the family will continue to honor Sheldon’s vision to protect and enhance his legacy. We look forward to the future and do so with a lot of confidence and optimism. While the pandemic continues to impact our business adversely, we have achieved positive EBITDA in both Macao and Singapore in the fourth quarter, and there’s no doubt, in my mind, our business was down to pre-COVID levels in the future. In Macao, the Grand Suite Four Seasons is now open, and the first phase of Londoner Macao will officially open in February. We are very excited about the progressive unveiling of the Londoner Macao throughout the course of 2021. Sands China is well-positioned to capture a rebound in tourism when the pandemic finally does subside. We’ve always believed there’s no better market for our company to invest in than Macao. We will continue to invest in our resort product, nurture our local talent and, of course, support the local community, which we are grateful to. In Singapore, we remained very committed to long-term investment in Marina Bay Sands, including both the upgrading of our existing facilities and the expansion of that property. On a principal note, I’ve spent more than two decades with Sheldon. And had both fun and pleasure of working for and with Sheldon. He was a great mentor, he was a great friend. And I guess what speaks volumes about his generosity and decency is reflected in the decision to continue to pay our team members, even after the pandemic dramatically impacted our business. He was adamant that team members continue to receive pay and health benefits, even while we’re closing our buildings and it was abundantly clear that our business will be hampered for quite some time. In the days since he has passed, we received condolences from around the world from global leaders, elected officials, business partners, investors, customers and many of you joining us on the call today. We are touched by the outpouring of support, and we really appreciate that. I am honored to have been invited by the board with Las Vegas Sands and Sands China to become the Chairman and CEO of both companies. With the full support of the board and the family, I will work hard on upskilling team members, the management team to fulfill Sheldon’s extraordinary vision. I am confident, as Sheldon was *in 1995 this company will go from strength to strength in the future. For one final thought before we turn to questions, I look forward to the day, we can say, yield dividends. Operator, * we are ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question, sir, we have Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Line is open.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, everybody. Before asking questions, I just I want to offer my condolences to all of you as well as the pair, man. Rob and Patrick, you were obviously particularly close. So it’s a big loss and he truly was one of a kind. So my condolences.
Rob Goldstein: Thanks, Joe. We appreciate that. Thank you.
Joe Greff: So my question and my follow-up, focus on Macao. And yeah, when we kind of look back at what’s transpired with tourist investments from Mainland China into Macao, it’s obviously been more slow – the progress has been more slow than maybe what all of us anticipated, though it has shown some progress. Other than the government having this intentional gradual easing of visas to obviously dealing with this little kind of thing called the global pandemic. Are there any other policy issues or things that are maybe weighing in on visitation other than just simplistically visas are kind of being granted in conjunction with infection rates and vaccination rates and the like? And when you talk to folks in China, what specifically are folks looking at or metrics and improving metrics to sort of see a further easing of tourist visas?
Rob Goldstein: We’re fortunate to have both Wilfred and Grant on the call. I’m going to ask them to address that question, Joe. Gentlemen?
Wilfred Wong: Yes. Grant, you want to talk first?
Rob Goldstein: Yes. Why don’t you guys take it? Yes, Grant and Wilfred.
Grant Chum: Yes. Good afternoon, everyone. Yes. I mean, Joe, I think following the resumption of the visa issuance from late September, the business volumes clearly did rebound during the fourth quarter. And the recovery was led primarily by premium mass and luxury retail. I think both segments actually did show good momentum throughout the quarter. So in December, we had a very encouraging month, especially the holiday season. We reached over 50% hotel occupancy during the month. And there were – the peak days, we were achieving 8,500, 9,000 room nights, which obviously we haven’t done anywhere close to that since January. And if you look at the pace of recovery in retail, the luxury retail sales really took off during the quarter. And by December, Four Seasons’ retail mall was up 16% over the prior year. Actually, we had the best ever month that we ever had in Four Seasons mall tenant sales. So that’s pre and post-pandemic, a record month. So an issue here is what you referenced. There is just not sufficient visitation to power all segments of the business and to replace the volumes that we lost. So the base mass remains very subdued. Macao only had 20% of the prior year’s visitations during the fourth quarter. So really, there’s not a lot you can do about that. It’s not a policy issue in the sense of they can do something now that they would not otherwise be doing in light of having to prioritize the control of the pandemic. And obviously, the authorities have done an excellent job in that regard. So what you have to remember is that during the fourth quarter, they had a number of many outbreaks, local cases in different provinces and cities in China. And in October, November, they were relatively muted, and even for the first half of [indiscernible] so the number of zones or districts that were classified as medium to high risk from a COVID perspective was relatively few. But from about, let’s say, third week of December, the domestic cases started to rise in Northern China. And what we saw was that a lot more districts, a lot more zones and sometimes the whole cities were classified as medium to high risk, which immediately, obviously, puts a break on visitation from those affected zones or cities, but also the overall narrative and travel advisories related to COVID becomes, obviously, a lot more cautious, and that impacts forward bookings. So from about mid of December, where up to that point, we were getting very positive momentum in terms of forward bookings in January and obviously, into Chinese New Year. Obviously, things have started to moderate from a forward booking and the pace of new bookings and obviously, the increase in cancellations. So that is directly related to the trending of the pandemic and some of these isolated outbreaks that we’ve seen, particularly in the Northern provinces. So with that in mind, it’s not easy to see a relaxation of the current guidelines in terms of travel.
Joe Greff: That’s helpful. And then I have a follow-up, just, I guess, more on – so it may continue, this idea of Macao policy, and maybe this is a question for Wilfred or anybody on the call can answer. But do you think either Macao or the Central Government in Beijing want Mainland Chinese companies getting involved? With Macao casinos, either by existing states or having board representation, is this something that’s a priority for the government? So important? Have there been discussions? I kind of remember hearing something along these lines maybe a couple of years ago as this potentially happening on the ground in Macao a couple of years ago, but we’re getting more questions and commentary on that of late. So anything you can shed on that would be interesting. Thank you.
Rob Goldstein: Wilfred, Grant, or Patrick, you want to jump on that?
Wilfred Wong: Yes. I think the – obviously, we have not been told of anything at this stage. Consideration is now being given to what the conditions should be for the new concession. We have not picked up any nor have we been consulted on whether there should be the participation of Chinese companies. Now, but we have to bear in mind that Chinese companies are likely – I mean, real Chinese companies are likely to take part in gambling, which in China is considered not legal. So there were, in the past, some suggestions of people saying, state-owned enterprises might come in. I don’t think this really in line for their policy consideration. Whether private Chinese companies would be allowed to participate in Macao, and under what circumstances, these are things that have not been brought to us at all. So the only thing I can say at this stage is that we will continue to do our best in Macao and show that we are a locally rooted company because we are listed on the stock exchange in Hong Kong, so we are just the same as any Hong Kong company and that we do everything, even better than other competitors.
Rob Goldstein: Joe, can I just jump on Wilfred’s very, very thoughtful comments. We’ve been going to Beijing for around 20 years in Macao, and having endless meetings. I know there’s an outsized belief by some people who write these things, and they constantly opine their thoughts on how equity should be sold to Chinese companies, and they’re jumping up and down. I’ve never ever had a conversation with one person who mattered whoever said that to me or even made that comment, in fact, if anything, they kind of chuckle because to Wilfred’s comment, there’s not a big appetite to invest in gambling. So I know it’s very prevalent in the market. I hear quite a bit. I know that somebody wrote to me recently about how we could guarantee our licensure if we sell x percent. It all sounded very good, but one thing no one’s ever said that, the government to us. Never heard that from anybody actually understands how Macao and Beijing operate. In fact, I think what we do here, it is a complete affirmation of what Sheldon has always done, which is invest heavily, invest heavily in non-gaming activities, believe in Macao, support your employees, and think they can grow. That’s been the exact direction for at least the last five years. And before that, we heard more from Macao officials. We’ve never heard them say, hey, you got to sell stake the Chinese people or we’ve heard please support your employees, Sheldon do that to achieve. We paid everybody through the pandemic. It costs a lot of money. We did it. Invest in the cap. I think Sheldon, we’ve covered that already, $15 billion, invest in non-gaming. That’s always been a direction. But not onetime, from no one I’ve ever heard, oh, you’re a cyclone. I want to hear that from these people who write these columns or have a belief that they understand the thinking over there. I did once knew a very, very good person, a very important guy in the Chinese world, a businessman. And I suggest, so he started laughing, he said no one is going to buy into a Chinese gambling company whether it’s Macao or Las Vegas because that’s not what we’re going to do. We found it kind of humorous actually. So I know that’s a common prevailing thought. But we don’t hear it.
Joe Greff: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Next question, we have Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my question, and I echo Joe’s sentiments about the recent loss.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you for your kind words to us. We appreciate what you said. It was very kind and thoughtful. Really appreciate it.
Carlo Santarelli: Thank you, Rob. If I could, just very simplistically. To the best of your understanding, how should we expect the concession renewal process to actually get moving? What do you guys foresee at the time line to when potentially, we could start to see some announcements as to the process and the time line for the process and et cetera? Just in its simplest form.
Rob Goldstein: I’m going to turn back to the fellows in Macao. I think they’re best suited to answer your query. Wilfred, Grant, help us.
Wilfred Wong: Yes. We are as eagerly waiting for the government’s direction. Because, as you all know, we only have about 17 months left before the concession expires. And we only know that the government is adopting a process, which includes public consultation on the performance of the concession is and the targets of achieving diversification, that amendments to the legislation have to be introduced into the legislative council, and then the bidding process begins. So it’s a very tight timetable that we are running against. We also know that there is a legislative council election scheduled for September this year. So all these are coming into play, and we are coming up against a very tight timetable. We don’t know whether this will begin very soon because right now, the government is all involved in the fight against the pandemic. As we all know, Macao cannot afford a single case because it was a public announcement by the government that if there is even one case, Macao would be locked down again. So the government is putting all their energy into the fight against the pandemic to ensure that visitors can continue to come. So we don’t know. The short answer is we don’t know. And when asked about this publicly, the Chief Executive said that anything is possible. I think he was asked whether there could be an extension or how soon can this be done. And his response was, anything is possible.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you very much. That’s very helpful. And then just as a follow-up. Obviously, last quarter, you guys talked a little bit about the Las Vegas asset, potentially being open to entertain offers to that asset. Rob or Patrick, does that influence potentially the timing of the return of the dividend? Or do you think more about the dividend from the lens of when Macao is back and Marina Bay Sands is back, doing what they do, you’ll be able to kind of reinstitute that?
Patrick Dumont: Hi. It’s Patrick. So a couple of things. We have a very positive view in Las Vegas. I think long term, it’s irreplaceable in terms of a tourist destination. A huge amount of investment going into Las Vegas. We think there’s a huge amount of potential pent-up demand just looking at other markets when there’s been a return. And really, the restriction in Las Vegas now are based on the capacity constraints set by the government. On weekends, we’re actually doing quite well. There are days where we’re actually almost at 2019 slot levels. It’s really an interesting thing to see, and I think we’re very positive on Vegas outlook just generally. That being said, if there is a completion of the sale process, it’s independent of the dividend. I think the key thing for us is that we need to see a return to operations. We’ve had this discussion before on prior calls. We need to understand what the cash flow trajectory of the business is, the growth in that cash flow trajectory. You’ve heard Grant mention the completion of some of the Londoner milestones. That’s a phenomenal product, and we believe it will be very cash flow generative in the quarters and years to come as it addresses our most profitable and powerful segment in Macao. So the way we’ll look at the dividend is to evaluate our cash flow trajectory and the profile of the business and then make an assessment about how to restart it and sort of what the trajectory of that dividend would look like. But we’re very focused on the return of capital. We think it’s been fundamental to our shareholder return story. We think we have a growth component in our key markets. We have a growth component and new growth opportunities and new developments. And I think as part of that, we look very heavily toward the dividend as our cornerstone and, of course, the share repurchases as well. So we’re very focused, getting on the other side of the pandemic. Hopefully, we’ll see some positive in the upcoming quarters. We have some green shoots in Macao. We have some positive results in Singapore and some positive results in Las Vegas here. And so I think over time, we’ll have better visibility into the trajectory of the business. And then we’ll make an assessment of the timing and the size of the dividend.
Rob Goldstein: Carlos, I just want to follow-up with Patrick. There’s one other issue with that. And that is the return of Las Vegas. There’s been recent commentary, it’s been fun to read about how Las Vegas will never return to pre-pandemic levels. The best days are behind it. I’ve heard all of this before over the last 20, 30 years, about this town is right now on the back foot. There’s no question about it struggling. But you can’t help but think, there’s this thing that is the vaccine or whatever it’s going to take to fix this problem someday. Again, I want to reensure that we believe Las Vegas has plenty of gas in the tank. Our demand for 2022 through 2027 convention is unbelievable. Our customers want to come, and we remain very bullish on the return of Las Vegas. It may take longer than we want it to. It may take till the end of this year, as we see a visitation spike. But please don’t be among those people who have these ideas that this pandemic would put a hole in Las Vegas. And just the opposite, the demand will be there. This is a unique town. We’re going to have all the digital products out there you want. People want the visitation, and this town has a lot to offer. So we remain very bullish on the return post-pandemic.
Carlo Santarelli: Yeah. For sure, Rob and thank you for that. And I understand that a lot of us on the call are looking forward to making our next trip out there. I know I am. So thank you guys very much.
Rob Goldstein: You’re going to, I believe. Looking forward to having you.
Operator: Next question, we have Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Thomas Allen: Hey, and let me also send my condolence to you and the entire LVS and Adelson family. Mr. Adelson was a true visionary and his successes will never be forgotten, so…
Rob Goldstein: Thank you. Thank you for your comments. Thanks.
Thomas Allen: So there have been a number of reports in the media over the past few weeks and months about you looking to support saying online gaming opportunities. Can you just discuss your strategy there in a bit more detail?
Rob Goldstein: Sure. We’re looking at a few opportunities, a multitude of opportunities in both regional and the U.S. And yes, we’ve looked at digital. And it’s interesting, you can’t deny the – what’s happened in digital is quite a space. And we are exploring opportunities, looking at what might be out there. But with a caveat had, there’s nothing to report today. There’s nothing concrete. We’re simply looking, learning, observing, and just – there’s been some commentary that it’s my suggestion. I want to assure you that Sheldon – this is another [indiscernible] Sheldon, who he was ethically, he understood digital, maybe too well before I did. And he believed in it. He just simply had this outsized ethical concern about people who couldn’t afford it or people that were too young to use it. And he wasn’t a believer in the technology could stop that. He never questioned the viability of it. He questioned the ability to police it properly. And so the same way he paid people, hundreds of millions of dollars last year because he wanted to. It’s an ethical consideration to Sheldon. So we’ve had this discussion prior to his passing, and we are going to explore it. And again, the cab is we are in the making-money business. So there’s a way to make money, it’s intelligent and prudent. And again, Sheldon would be in the room saying, I’m laser-focused on returns and growth. As you know, his middle name was G for growth. He would have loved the opportunity whether it be in the U.S. or abroad to build more things and that we’re not leaving the U.S. We want to build it. We’ve been all over the paper, looking at different markets. So yes, visuals in the multitude of considerations we are learning and observing and talking to people. We are nowhere near a decision on that, and we will keep you apprised if something changes.
Thomas Allen: Thanks, Rob. And then just talking about U.S. developments on the brick-and-mortar front there’s been some chat about New York and Texas. What do you think the chances are of those States? And then how would you expect – how would you like to be positioned in those markets?
Rob Goldstein: Well, we’ve been looking at New York for about 100 years it seems like. We’re having some secret, we’re big believers in New York. We think it’s extraordinary, the density of population ethnicity, like, it’s a very good opportunity for anybody and you can see, I think almost, it’s close to $2 billion right now just in the facilities are there, without table games or decent rooms and probably product. A good product there will be extraordinary. So we’re definitely in the hunt. We’ve been pushing it for again for four or five years. We’re excited by what came out of the New York group last week in terms of what they impart considering. There’s not a fly out there. So we’re keeping hunt and looking seriously at New York on a whole bunch of levels. And it’s still a long way to go before we understand where they want to build and what they want to build, but we are going to be fitters. If it’s real and it’s done properly, we think the returns could be Sheldon like. Okay. So that’s interesting. On Texas, obviously, extraordinary market, we’re kicking the tires down there too. And another extraordinary market, you can’t deny the power of Texas and the size and scale. And then I was there last week and it was a fascinating couple of days. And again, we’re having conversations. We’re looking to kicking the tires, and we will advise you when something emerges infects us. It would be a great casino market for land-based store, whatever it could be a huge opportunity. So these are opportunities that we – with our balance sheet and strength, we would jumped with both feet. It was the right structure.
Thomas Allen: Thank you.
Operator: Next question, we have Robin Farley from UBS. Your line is open.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks very much, and just echoing everyone else’s thoughts about how sad it is to have this call without Sheldon. And just a follow-up question related to the sale of the LVS assets the Vegas assets, I mean, not specifically to the dividend, but just kind of how much of a priority it is. Is it where you just kind of answering an incoming call? Or is it something where you see that there may be some strategic reason why you would sell those assets, I guess? Thanks.
Rob Goldstein: Patrick?
Patrick Dumont: So I think from our standpoint, we’re very returns focused. So as Rob just mentioned, we’re always looking at new opportunities and always looking at our portfolio to see how we maximize shareholder returns. And as an entrepreneurial company, we’re always accurate. So I think we should just look at this as, if there’s a way to maximize shareholder returns, we’re going to do it. And we constantly look at the assets that we have in our portfolio. We look at new growth opportunities, as Rob just mentioned, and we talk about them. This is something that our team is very focused on. So that’s really how we think about it.
Robin Farley: I guess if I could push a little more and I guess, what kind of appetite did you sounds to me. You sort of publicly confirmed it, which maybe would invade some interest, what kind of appetite? And you mentioned being returns focused, but almost anything that you would be interested in New York or Texas or other places would be kind of project-specific financing, right? So it wouldn’t necessarily – you don’t need the capital to free up to sort of put in to use in any other markets. So I guess just trying to think about, what kind of – in this environment, what kind of appetite you think there maybe for the assets? Thanks.
Patrick Dumont: So I think there’s a couple of different question there. So first off, I think the way we think about our portfolio is, we sort of evaluate projects on a case-by-case basis. So Las Vegas is a standalone entity. We’ve operated it for a long time. We think it’s a great asset. We think it has a great future. So obviously, we’re focused operating at this point. I think in terms of – if we have additional capital to deploy. As you know, we have an expansion opportunity in Singapore that we’re very focused on. And we think Singapore is just a very special market. It’s privileged the fact that we’re there. We love Singapore and think the future for Singapore is very strong, both as a leisure and business tourism market. And we’re happy to have helped the government there. support its goals and continue to invest there. So we have capital that we get deployed there in the near term. I think in terms of other opportunities, you hear some of the things that Rob is talking about, we also have return of capital consideration. So for us capital allocation is front and center. We have these discussions with the management team and the Board all the time. So it’s something where we’ll look at our opportunities, look for a way to maximize shareholder returns. And we have assets where we think our returns are increased by transacting while transact, and otherwise we’ll look to the sort of historical actions that we’ve taken in order to enhance returns. In the near term, it’s also helpful to have additional liquidity, right? So I think from our standpoint as the pandemic recovers, it’s nice to have additional liquidity on the balance sheet, which is the reason why we’re running the amount of liquidity that we have today, right? We want to make sure that we have the opportunity to do whatever we need to do during this unprecedented time. So I think from that standpoint, that’s kind of how we think about things. I hope this answers your question.
Rob Goldstein: Robin, just to piggyback on Patrick Dumont’s thought. And that is obviously, we have a very strong balance sheet whether we sell Las Vegas or not. But we also have, I believe the next couple of years, as you know 2019, we did about $5.5 billion [ph] EBITDA, I know these miserable years of 2020 and perhaps even 2021 make that seem like a distant memory, but lenient comes back and comes back strong. And also, I believe when Macau makes his decision, there’s going to be a requirement to invest more in Macau, which as Sheldon himself, well, I can’t wait to invest $5 billion, $10 billion. That’s a very – in my opinion that when the Macanese government makes this decision, ideally contingent upon a rather substantial capital investment, which we know exactly what Sheldon is doing that with both hands. And that may be something else you think about it. There’s just no place like Macau. I think Grant and Wilfred gave you sense of London in four seasons, I hope we can all visit and be there, that we would see, what that team has achieved. But we’re not done in Macau. Leads can be there for many more years. And when all this gets to over, it goes away, probably later this year or next, whenever, I don’t know, I’m not going to predict because I’ve been wrong before. It won’t be wrong again because I won’t make a bet. But I bet one thing will happen is that the Macau’s government is going to necessitate that licensees make investments in Macau. And we want to be there, be ready, Patrick referenced Singapore. I mean, these are not small investments. They’re in the billions of dollars. So I think we have to be prepared for outsized investments in our best markets, which are Macao and Singapore for crazy growth. And then there are other possibilities in the U.S. to reference. So as strong as we are, we can get stronger in growth.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you very much. Thanks.
Operator: Next question, we have Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling: Thanks for the question and condolences to everyone on the line. My first question is on Singapore, as it continues to be remarkably resilient. What are you learning from the reaching of results about serving domestic crowd that might inform your renovation plans? And does this make you more confident, the potential ROI on these investments? Will that ultimately require a full recovery in China consumers?
Rob Goldstein: Well, firstly, as we serve, we found as Singapore is remarkably resilient. You’re right. And the slot business there is actually not quite at pre-pandemic levels, it’s getting closed. So we’ve learned that there’s a local market, but more important than the local market, frankly, are the outsized contributions of foreigners, who were residing during the pandemic or full-time in Singapore. We have a lot of strong players inside the country from wealthy people that want to gamble. And that’s a very positive sign. You saw the numbers, if we can run. Even though it’s not the $1.7 billion we used to be at, not going to $2 billion, $3 billion or $4 billion like to be at. It’s still a run rate of the $0.5 billion plus dollars in the most dramatic times. All it does for me is reinforced us how being powerful on Singapore, how wonderful the asset and frankly, who wonderful the government is to work with there, in terms of – they’re still willing to talk and work with us. And we’re hoping to get actually know there in March to continue our discussion, how to get phase two going. But it reinforces the enormous size and scale of that market and to think about having no foreign visitation yet to make that kind of money and perhaps even more, it’s very encouraging. On the flip side, it also makes you wonder how important the airlift is as an island. It’s hampered by the fact, unlike Macao, which could open the doors up if the government so chosen to relax the visitation requirements. In Singapore, the government is eager to open the doors, but it necessitates airlift, which means counterparty trading with other governments and other airlines. So we don’t see it coming back in the short term, I think it stays in this $150 million a quarter or so level. And so there’s no real growth opportunity, I think, to see until this airlift issue is resolved. But it certainly makes us very much want to invest in Singapore. It’s a great place to do business. It’s a great market. Obviously, we need a return of all consumers, foreign consumers to enhance it. But do we want to invest money in Singapore, we sure do. We should get our product better. We have a lot of work to do in the building right now. We’re actually embarking on an ambitious reinvestment program in the current asset to bring it up to a better standard. And then we want to build our second phase and similarly resolve everything. So we’re – just like Macao, we’re lucky to be there. And the idea we did – we can do $5-plus billion post-pandemic is pretty encouraging. It can be more. We think it can be a lot more. Yes.
Stephen Grambling: And maybe a follow-up on digital and i-gaming, and I realize it’s still early, and you said you’ve been studying the industry, but are there any initial thoughts on what you think the company can bring to the table different than the existing players?
Rob Goldstein: I have very strong thoughts about it, but I don’t want to talk about them at this time. I want to keep working towards our goals, which is understand, it fully complete the conversation, and frankly, we’re undertaking to really understand how to get there. It’s a very interesting business, as you know. It doesn’t make a lot of money, but it sure has great valuations. The question is, can we bring something to the table to make a lot of money. And we’re working through it, and we’re exploring. It’s best I can tell you. We have something of concrete to say to you at a certain point. But right now, it’s simply exploratory. In the same way, we explore a lot of things all the time. You saw in Thailand, I think someone came out about the possibility of an opportunity to either in Thailand, we’re exploring that as well. So everything is up for grabs. I think when we look at our company the balance sheet enables us to have a very curious appetite to grow. And again, we’re going to adhere to the founders, Gary Growth Adelson, and he believed in it, and we’re certainly going to adhere to that. And I think you’ll hear some things from us, hopefully, in the next 12 months that will make you believe in that idea.
Stephen Grambling: Sounds great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Next question, we have Shaun Kelley of Bank of America. Line is open.
Shaun Kelley: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. I also want to offer my condolences to you, Rob, Patrick, to the whole Adelson and Las Vegas Sands families.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you. Appreciate, Shaun. Thank you very much.
Shaun Kelley: So I guess I’d like to maybe turn back to Macao for a quick minute if we could. I think Grant’s comments start off as a little sobering about sort of expectations of when we can start thinking about a recovery relative to kind of what’s going on with the pandemic in China. And if we step back for a second, maybe it’s a little harder for us over here, sometimes to monitor exactly the nuances of some of the vaccine developments, but one thing that’s increasingly separating the U.S. recovery narrative from overseas is probably that to some degree? So I’m wondering, if we could get a little bit of thought around maybe some of the vaccination programs and what the expectations are around that for maybe within Macao, broader thoughts on the local area there, possibly Hong Kong, and then how that could branch out to China in terms of – is that what we may need to really see a more concrete reopening for this entire market at this stage?
Rob Goldstein: Is the sobering Mr. Chum still awake?
Grant Chum: Yes. Okay. Yes. I think, Shaun, firstly, we have to stand back and look at the domestic Chinese economy during the course of especially the second half of 2020. So it is different from the western economies, largely the domestic economy was recovering very strongly. So this is without, obviously, vaccination being applied to the whole population. And that’s obviously attributable to the fantastic control of the pandemic. So as you look into the fourth quarter, you’re getting the 6.5% GDP growth in domestic China without the vaccination. So that’s a very, very strong outcome. And obviously, the consumer is getting stronger across the board. So I think we have to look at China in a slightly different way. The strategy is to continue to control to basically zero local cases. And whether that is achieved through vaccination, whether that is achieved through what they’ve already been doing. Clearly, there is a path either way to clearing the locations and localities from the virus. And that will enable travel to resume more normally between Mainland China and Macao. So I think that’s the first and most important point. In terms of the vaccine strategy, locally, you’ve seen comments from the local governments of both SARs, both Hong Kong and Macao, both have a strategy to procure a number of different vaccines, actually three from three different providers. And both cities are looking to procure the first batch during the first quarter as we understand. So the local populations in the SARs will also be looking at a vaccination program in the months ahead. But really, the most important thing is still controlling the pandemic in terms of the local cases inside China itself. And if Macao then can be part of the domestic travel bubble, in a bigger way, in an easier way in a more fluid way than has been the case up to now, then obviously, the tourism and the consumption spend will come back very strongly. And there has been progress. I think obviously, it’s from a low base, but there has been progress. There has been a gradual easing up of the logistics and getting used to some of the guidelines throughout the course of the fourth quarter. But again, the central point is as the worldwide pandemic got worse in the winter months, there are more imported cases that leads to more isolated outbreaks in some of the provinces in China. Then obviously, that puts pressure on restrictions again and the travel advisories that are issued by various different local governments and entities, especially prior to Chinese New Year, which is, as you know, a period of huge migration of the population in travel. So that obviously rightly gives some consideration from the perspective of authorities that we need to be very careful at this stage, which is very delicate. So again, another important point is as the pandemic – obviously if it subsides in the rest of the world as well, then that imported risk reduces, and that obviously relieves the pressure inside China as well, which hopefully is another factor that would lead to a normalization of the travel between Macao and Mainland China.
Shaun Kelley: That’s helpful, Grant. And then maybe just as a further follow-up, this is probably maybe more for Wilfred, if he is still on. But last quarter, there was a little bit of commentary about the overseas gambling law. And I think we’re approaching a little bit more or a closer kind of the point of probably both where we know more things about that law and also its implementation, which I believe is set from March 1. So just wondering, do we know anything more about that today than we knew before, any changes or additions to that that we should be aware of?
Wilfred Wong: Yes. Actually, the amendment to Article 303 of the criminal law has been enacted. It was enacted about two weeks ago. And as you appreciate this law, this amendment deals with people organizing gambling, running casinos, and particularly organizing citizens of China to go outside of the country to participate in gambling. Now there were – the inactive version made two changes of the previous draft. First, the definition of the criminal actor, which they tried to come up with a definition was removed. So they just used a catch-all phrase of whoever organizes. So this is to avoid people arguing who falls into the net. The second change appears to be a bit positive, but it’s still ambiguous for Macao is that in the legislation, they specifically say outside of the country, which, as you all appreciate, Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan is generally considered within the country. But then they leave an ambiguity thereby putting the word, offshore, inside the bracket after, outside the country. Now this introduces the ambiguity, and I was discussing this with both our lawyers in Beijing and the local NPC, National People’s Congress, people attending the session. And they said that while the central people’s government recognizes the special status of Macao, they do not want Macao to be exploited as a base for organizing such activities to take people outside of the country, such as the Southeast Asian countries. And as we all know, the Ministry of Tourism has compiled and is compiling a blacklist of countries to which they are known to be accommodating gambling from Chinese citizens. So to us, there is certain ambiguity, which will ultimately be decided by the authorities and the courts going forward. But at this stage, it is for sure that any person or a junket trying to use Macao as a base to organize gambling to other countries would be condemned.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you for that.
Operator: For the last question, we have David Katz from Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Katz: Hi. My condolences as well, and the best part of this job is always the truly extraordinary people we get to meet, and that he was certainly a treasure and fun for sure.
Rob Goldstein: That’s so true. People – one thing I miss with Sheldon is his humor. Everyone talks about everything else but he was – he loved a laugh in a good time. And he just would sing and this guy’s humor. So what’s your question, David? Thank you for your comments.
David Katz: Look, I think one of the slides in your deck, it suggests or implies that some of the rolling volume that’s gone away has been recaptured within the mass is premium mass. Among all of the unknowables that you’ve done your best to address, are you able to look into what you have in the premium mass and measure how much of that is a recapture of potential VIP dollars? And what is your best guess about, if you were sitting down to model one to four years out, how you would think about modeling VIP, just given where we sit today? And that’s it. Thank you.
Rob Goldstein: Grant?
Grant Chum: Yes. Thanks for the question, David. I think structurally – and this is not to do with the pandemic. Structurally, we’ve seen, obviously, the power and the growth of the premium mass over the last several years, and that trend is going to continue, whether it’s pre-pandemic, during and after. And the reality of that is because the players, the customers, they want to deal directly with the owners or operators of these great assets. And obviously, the great lifestyle destination that would provide the multitude of amenities and the services that we’re able to offer is very, very appealing. So I think that will continue. So your reference to, is there a transfer from one segment to another? I think structurally, there has been over the last several years anyway. And that’s one of the brilliant things about Sheldon’s Integrated Resort model is that we can offer everything from entertainment to the retail, to the food and beverage, to the spas, all of these non-gaming lifestyle amenities. So that trend is structural, and that’s why we strategically invested in products that serve this segment. In terms of specifically, what’s happening now, the situation is – you referenced, it’s more related to issues specific to the system in the junket segment, and that has stabilized at low levels of volumes. And obviously, as a result of some of those issues, you may see that as new demand resurfaces and resumes in the coming years, that new demand is captured directly by the operators rather than through intermediaries. That also is true. But I think the overarching trend was there before anyway and would have continued in that manner. It’s just that what’s happened in the last 12 months may somewhat accelerate that trend. But it was going to be a big structural trend and driver for years to come anyway.
David Katz: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you, David.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that’s all the time that we have for today. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-22 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Nora, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. Daniel Briggs. Please go ahead.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you, operator. Joining me on the call today are Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Patrick Dumont, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us on the call are Dr. Wilfred Wong, President of Sands China and Grant Chum, Chief Operating Officer of Sands China. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the safe harbor provision of federal securities laws. The Company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in these forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release. Please note that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the Q&A session, we ask that you please respect our request to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question, so we might allow everyone with interest the opportunity to participate. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please turn the call over to Mr. Adelson.
Sheldon Adelson: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I hope that all of you and your families are staying safe and healthy. While the business volumes continue to be impacted by the pandemic, we are pleased to see improving operating results, especially in Asia. In Singapore, Marina Bay Sands had a profitable quarter as operations progressively resumed across the resort during the summer. In Macao, operating losses reduced sequentially over the second quarter. The third quarter results, however, are not representative of our current business trajectory. As the resumption of visa issuance across all provinces in China only commenced toward the end of September, the initial stages of recovery since then have been very encouraging. During the October Golden Week, we saw meaningful recovery across the different segments of our Macao operations. Importantly, business volumes in the Premium Mass segment enjoyed the most significant resurges. This vital segment is central to our ongoing investment program in Macao and has been leading our revenue generation at this stage of the recovery. We expect the base mass market to recover as visitation to the market increases. Consistent with the recovery in premium mass and overall domestic China consumption trends, we also experienced strong recovery in our retail malls with the Luxury Retail segment enjoying the strongest performance. We continue to make excellent progress in our US$2.2 billion capital investment for the Londoner Macao and Four Seasons budgets. The Grand Suites at Four Seasons, the largest all-suite Four Seasons hotel in the world, is now complete, licensed and hosting customers in the Premium Mass segment. These gorgeous full-suites have been receiving great customer feedback since the Golden Week. We will be introducing a variety of additional world-class integrated resort products and amenities as we complete the Londoner in Macao and other capital projects. The Londoner will include two new all-suite hotels, more than a dozen new restaurants, additional retail and new MICE and entertainment facilities. Our unwavering commitment to significant ongoing investments in Macao enables us to play our part in supporting local employment and the local economy. It also ensures Macao will be even better positioned to recapture and, over time, increase its share of leisure and business tourism from China and the rest of Asia. I remain steadfast in my belief that Macao has the potential to become one of the greatest business and leisure tourism destinations in the world and the MICE capital of Asia. As I've said on many occasions, we would welcome the opportunity to invest billions of additional investment dollars and extend our contributions to Macao's diversification and evolution into Asia's leading leisure and business tourism destination. Now turning to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. We encouraged that MBS was profitable in the third quarter despite the absence of overseas tourists. We hope to see the initiation of reciprocal travel arrangements in the coming months as health concerns permit. We remain committed to pursuing long-term investment in Singapore and our expansion of Marina Bay Sands, although there would be likely delays in the timing of the expansion given the challenges created by the pandemic. In addition to the expansion, we will continue to reinvest in Marina Bay Sands to enhance the customer experience and the tourism appeal of the resort. In Las Vegas, we are pleased to report that the recovery is well under way. Weekend occupancies have been as high as 70%. Together with our state and local government leadership and the entire Las Vegas community, our team members are working diligently to prepare to safely host convention and group meeting customers from throughout the world, throughout the country and around the world. We look forward to once again welcoming these customers back to Las Vegas, which will always be the most important convention and group meeting market in the United States. As we have said in the past, increased airlift and the resumption of the convention and group meeting business are both critical components to achieving a full recovery in Las Vegas. Now moving to our balance sheet. Maintaining a strong balance sheet makes great business sense while we weather the storm caused by this pandemic. Our balance sheet strength enables us to continue to execute our capital investment programs in both Macao and Singapore, which we believe will position the company to deliver industry-leading growth and profitability in the years ahead. We're as confident as ever in the strength of our business model and the eventual recovery in travel and tourism spending in our markets. So thanks again for joining us on the call today. Now we'll take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Joseph Greff: Good morning, everybody. Sheldon, your comments about recent trends in Macao on the premium mass and the luxury retail side are certainly encouraging. I was hoping maybe you can give us a little bit more detail on what you've seen since Golden Week. And would you say at this point you're – if you're run rating at these levels and these levels continue that you would be at EBITDA breakeven levels in Macao?
Sheldon Adelson: That's what we're shooting for.
Joseph Greff: But not currently there as of yet.
Sheldon Adelson: The trajectory is heading in the right direction.
Robert Goldstein: Sheldon, I'd like to make some comments. Joe, it's Rob. How are you doing?
Joseph Greff: Hey Rob.
Robert Goldstein: Let's begin with that. To answer your question, let's just begin with the obvious. Our confidence in Macao being the world's greatest gaming market and its principal source of customers coming from China, we know, adapting in China from a growing economy perspective, a favorable position vis-à-vis the COVID. The renminbi is as strong as it's been in many years. And of course, the Chinese consumer is not traveling to foreign countries. We think this fact pattern from a macro perspective is very favorable for Macao. And as you know, Macao has been a $40 billion to $50 billion revenue market for the past number of years and year in, year out performs. The COVID IVS obstacles are real. And we believe as they start to lessen, we'll go back to marching toward our goal of $4 billion annually. Our new Four Seasons is now open. It's quite a product. The Londoner will complete from the interior perspective by December. So we've never been stronger from an asset perspective. But there's no question, while demand from Macao is there, and it's there, we have big confidence. The visa and the testing issues have proven to be challenging and does limit the access. Now we are hoping the government will loosen restrictions and access to Macao will continue to improve. The truth is, the way Macao and China has handled the virus is very – is in a very capable manner. And Macao will be the beneficiary of reduced travel to other markets with Chinese consumers not traveling outside of China. So it's a domestic travel bubble we hope to be included in, surely. I'd like Grant to opine and talk about. I asked Grant to join the call and Wilfred Wong to give you color from the ground since we haven't been there in many, many months. I think they can give you – Grant maybe could begin by talking about your questions about October about profitability trends, et cetera. So Grant, are you awake there, Grant, in Macao?
Grant Chum: We're well awake, yes. Thank you, Rob. Yes. Good morning, good afternoon, everyone. Yes. I mean, October was the first time since January that we've seen significant real business volumes in patronage. And as Mr. A mentioned in his opening remarks, premium mass has been the strongest segment by far, and that is really across all of the different tiers of premium mass. The patrons returning first to Macao are the high-quality, high-frequency customers. I think that reflects the pent-up demand that these guests have, and these are the ones who are used to staying overnight in Macao. They are used to having multiple-night stays in Macao, enjoying the destination, and these are the first customers to come back, and that's natural. In terms of the question about where we are on the volumes and profitability, I mean, principally based on the premium mass recovery, October month to date, our Non-Rolling drop per day is just over $20 million. That's about 30% of last year's level. And at this level of Non-Rolling drop, we are able to achieve and we are achieving a slight positive EBITDA month to date based on current cost structure and the business mix. I think what's particularly encouraging, to Joe's question about what's happening, after Golden Week, we had the expected lull in the second week of October, but then we saw a very notable rebound in the third week. In fact, in the third week, we are actually still averaging around or just under $20 million drop per day as well. So as Mr. A said, we are well onto that trajectory, and we hope we can maintain that. I think in tandem with the premium mass recovery, we've seen a resurgence in the retail mall sales, and that's especially true in the Four Seasons, in the Luxury Retail segment. The retail recovery actually began in September and has continued into October. In fact, some of our – a number of our top first-line brands within the Four Seasons mall is actually up year-on-year in terms of the retail tenant sales in the first two weeks of October. And obviously, in conjunction with that, at the Four Seasons, we've just opened the Grand Suites for Four Seasons. And these suites have received exceptional [indiscernible]. I think this is exactly the right product for this Premium Mass segment structurally. But also at this point in time, I think these Chinese consumers are looking for higher quality, looking for the premium experiences and also, obviously, in this time, an increased amount of personal space. So we're very happy of how that product has come through and, in fact, is really one of our best-performing hotels, if not the best-performing hotels, in October. The question on the other segments, I think base mass certainly is relatively low in terms of traffic right now. As you know, the overall visitation in Macao remains relatively low. And as Rob referenced, there are, obviously, impediments. Some are real, some are perceived, some more to do with awareness in terms of the policies. But obviously, there are some real logistical challenges relating to the COVID testing, as well as the visa application. But as the awareness builds, as the word of mouth spreads, as some of these visa application processes are shortened and become more abbreviated, some of these logistical challenges will be overcome or mitigated and we're confident that the base mass will follow as visitation recovers. As for the VIP segment, obviously, that's been slower in terms of the recovery. That's expected. A lot of those issues are well documented. But we are also seeing a reasonable amount of play coming through in that segment in October as well. So I hope that gives you some color on the October month.
Joseph Greff: That's great, Grant. I hope you're on the next bunch of earnings conference calls. Just a quick follow-up. How much of your volume do you think are coming from outside of Guangdong since Golden Week? Or is it primarily this month all Guangdong?
Grant Chum: Actually, the vast majority of the volumes and the room bookings are from non-Guangdong, but that ratio is actually consistent with what we saw in the past. So this is not out of the ordinary. Majority of the volume comes from outside of Guangdong, and that was the case in October already. But your question is still well made in the sense that, in the first week of October, I mean, a lot of these customers from outside of Guangdong either didn't have time to get the visa or they didn't want to leave their planning to such a last-minute time frame. So they already made alternative plans. So the nationwide visa resumption only occurred or started in September 23. So that really was not sufficient time or window for a lot of the customers to feel that they could confidently get the visa before Golden Week before the office is shutdown again for the holidays. So in that sense, we should hopefully be seeing the non-Guangdong visitation improve as the awareness and the logistics challenges are met and some of these people have time to get the visa to come to Macao.
Joseph Greff: Great. Thank you very much everybody.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Your next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. Thank you so much. And Grant, if we could keep you on the hot seat here, I think we are all excited to hear from you. So just getting back to some of the items that you just mentioned. On the visitation side, are you seeing any changes per se in the rate of visa application approvals or even the methodology? I mean, have the kiosks been coming back? Or is it still an in-person kind of more manual process? And on the testing, is there any sense that this will be extended to 14 days? I know that there has been some talk about that.
Grant Chum: Sure. I think when the Guangdong visas resumed, I think most of the offices were operating on the physical application process and not using the kiosks. As the rest of the country has reopened for these applications, we see a variety – it's not uniform because different provinces have different procedures, and they always have had. So there are some significant provinces and cities where you can get a same-day application. But most of the others, I would say, range from – the manual process takes anywhere between three working days to seven working days, but there are a number of them that have a shorter application period. And then, I think going forward, hopefully, obviously, this gets smoothed out. And I think this is just part of the initial – I think quite rightly the authorities are cautious, and I think that's the right thing to do in the face of the pandemic, that we don't necessarily want a huge surge of people into Macao in a short space of time at the beginning.
Felicia Hendrix: And then, just on the testing, do you think they'll extend that to 14 days versus seven? I know that's been a bit of a gating factor?
Grant Chum: That has been discussed in Macao, and we are waiting for further development on that front.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And then, just as my follow-up, and this could be for anybody, but on the VIP side, I'm just wondering what you guys are seeing in terms of junket liquidity. I know it's not a big part of your business, but junket liquidity is important for the market as a whole. So I just wanted to know what your thoughts were there?
Sheldon Adelson: Grant, do you want to take that or?
Grant Chum: Sure. I think some of the challenges in that segment are well documented. The segment has been slower to recover in this initial stage of the recovery. But at the same time, as you quite rightly referenced, it's not a significant part of our business, only 4% of our contribution in 2019. And in the meantime, we have, obviously, very strong performance in the premium end of premium mass both across gaming and retail.
Felicia Hendrix: I was just wondering if you thought that maybe some of your premium mass might be benefiting from folks moving segments as it was before COVID, but maybe seeing that more accelerated now.
Grant Chum: I think it's too short a time period to ascertain that.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Sorry Rob.
Robert Goldstein: I think one is – maybe to point out to what Grant was saying, was I think the nice thing – it may not be important to our overall business but in terms of the synergies. But clearly, it is important to liquidity to marketplace. And I think what's nice to see is that the first segment out-of-box to recover has been premium mass. So there's speculation that it may be band-aided by liquidity issues. And what we're seeing in retail, I think Grant mentioned the strength of the retail premium; I was talking to our retail team this morning. It's hard to imagine that in this environment, our top six net new retailers – I won't name any names – and you imagine the French and Italian luxury brands are up year-on-year in total sales, which is kind of astounding. It shows the strength and liquidity of that premium mass segment, and it reflects both the gaming and the retail appetite. I think it's very exciting to realize that that segment is back, and that speaks to our Four Seasons and our Londoner. But also, when the day comes when they do lessen the restrictions and make it more accessible to base mass, you've got the two most important segments delivering. I think it's nice to see the current situation, premium mass, and perhaps the base mass is not too far down the road.
Felicia Hendrix: Great. Thank you so much.
Robert Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. It seems like there's been just more news and perhaps noise around overseas gambling legislation in China and some of the restrictions potentially there? What is your interpretation of some of these laws or legislation and the implications for both Macao and Marina Bay Sands and how that might change how you position or market LVS properties?
Robert Goldstein: I'll just take the first point as it relates to Marina Bay Sands and ask Dr. Wong to speak to Macao. But the concerns there don't concern us at least in Singapore. We do our job as best we can, and we carefully monitor as best we can all the restrictions and all the issues, money movement, etcetera to our best of our ability. We take that responsibly very seriously and applicable rules. Singapore continues to, obviously, be upside, like all of Asia, were negatively impacted by the inability of the Chinese customers to get to Singapore. However, we do see the opening – the initiatives taken by the Singapore government to open to Hong Kong. And hopefully, that will be a catalyst for other jurisdictions, other countries, other airlines to open the doors to more travel into Singapore. Dr. Wong, would you speak to the issue of cross-border casino from your perspective as it relates to Macao?
Wilfred Wong: Sure. We understand the National People's Congress is still debating the final form of that legislation. But we must remember that the main target is really gambling in foreign countries, including, particularly Internet and telephone betting. However, Macao has never been considered foreign in China. And all of concessionaires in Macao respect the law in China, and we never promote gaming in China, only our hospitality and MICE facilities and services. So we believe that Macao is – has a unique place under the one country, two systems in China and that we will continue to operate under the confine of the legislation.
Stephen Grambling: That's helpful. I'll jump back into the queue. Thanks so much.
Robert Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, guys. Thank you. I just want to follow-up on I believe it was Felicia's question and talk a little bit about the VIP segment. And maybe, Grant, you're probably best positioned to answer this. But when you think about kind of the issues on the VIP side and, as you mentioned, kind of they've been well advertised, how much of it do you think it is a supply issue in terms of liquidity and supply of capital versus a demand issue? And I guess, part of that gets to some of the demand actually just showing up in your premium mass, which you kind of already addressed. So anything just on the supply and demand dynamics within the VIP segment?
Grant Chum: Rob, do you want me to take that?
Robert Goldstein: Grant, I want to finish a comment after you. If you're going to initiate, Grant, please.
Grant Chum: Sure. Yes. I don't particularly see it as a demand issue. I think there are some issues specifically relating to that segment. But I think one contextual point is you have to remember that the system is – consists of the working capital cycle in that segment. And what we've had in 2020 is a seven-month, eight-month complete disruption of that business and that ecosystem with all the working capital issues associated with that. So we've never had that level of – essentially, the business stopped everywhere. But obviously, for that segment, given the particular dynamics, it's particularly damaging. So I think you're seeing some of the aftereffect of that disruption. But obviously, as gaming activity resumes and demand resumes, you hope that some of these issues will evolve in a positive way.
Robert Goldstein: Yes, I've got to say this, and I'm saying the obvious, but I'm going to say it anyway. The aging customers, at least, our industry has the highest offense in the world. It's been that way for decades, and it will be that way for decades to come. I don't think the demand – the appetite of the consumer has diminished whatsoever. Obviously, the capital cycle's in jeopardy right now and will take time to adapt. But we've had this issue in the past years and back in 2014, and we know two things are intact. Demand remains intact, and that's a fact. And at some point, capital will become available again. I wouldn't count that segment out. It may be in a very, very tough spot right now. But again, demand will be there, and eventually, we'll figure out the supply on the capital side. We feel highly confident that's a fact.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you, guys. And if I could just ask one quick follow-up as it pertains to what you're kind of seeing, obviously, in a reduced demand environment across the board to an extent but, obviously, healthier in the premium mass segment. Are you guys seeing anything unique from competitors in the market just in terms of the way they're going about their business and trying to drive demand at their assets? Or is it pretty much business as usual across the board?
Robert Goldstein: Carlo, you're talking about Macao, right?
Carlo Santarelli: Yes. I'm sorry at Macao.
Grant Chum: Yes. Actually, it's business as usual. We don't see anything out of the ordinary. Yes, this is not really a business where people are going to go out and do silly things. I think it's pretty rational right now.
Robert Goldstein: I would add one thing, though, that I think we all agree on, and that is that this market has not been irrational in the past, but it has proven to be very, very susceptible to great products. And I do think our new Four Seasons product; our Londoner product will prove to be very, very advantageous in the years ahead. As we move back toward our quest for $4 billion annual EBITDA, those products are going to take front and center. And that's what drives this premium mass customer, not silly incentives and poor marketing. Great product wins the day over there, and we feel highly confident we have built an aesthetic product that will be very appealing to this customer.
Carlo Santarelli: Thank you both very much.
Robert Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Wieczynski of Stifel. Your line is open.
Steven Wieczynski: Yes, good afternoon, guys. So Rob, can I ask you a Vegas question? And can you maybe help us think about forward bookings for group and convention traffic in Vegas next year and maybe how those bookings at this point are shaking out by quarter?
Robert Goldstein: Sure. We still see some bright spots in the Vegas market vis-à-vis convention and group business. There's demand, and there's some recent – it's there in the market because some of these large shows still want to come in Q1. We have a couple of major impediments that I don't know how we're going to correct them. One is, as you know, the governor has imposed group restrictions and size restrictions. So it's very difficult to overcome that. We're hoping to he'll revisit those restrictions and enable the market to talk to some of these large shows. The second issue, of course, is airlift. Airlift is still not near pre-COVID levels. So that's a challenge. But I think to the positive side, we're getting calls from the group market. We're getting inquiries from people from all different parts of group market saying we want to come back and we're looking at this month, that month, throughout – scattered throughout the year, I guess, there's three things. The governor will revisit his restrictions, and that's pivotal. The airlift – most of these people require airlift. It's not drive-in business. I think that will come back when the market demand is there. And the third thing, I think, to really fully populate the market with group demand again is a change in – a catalyst to change how the consumer views being in a place with 30,000, 40,000, 50,000 people. It's obvious in Vegas that the weekend leisure market is surging, and we could probably get to 95% right now if we let it happen. We cap ours in the 65%, 70% range to keep Las Vegas safe, etcetera. But the leisure demand for Las Vegas weekend is very strong, not as much midweek, which has always been reliant upon more group. Also gaming, as you know, has come back to probably, I don't know, 75%, 80% of pre-COVID. So there's some bright spots. But to your point, that's what's really pivotal – the delta agreed in Las Vegas. We've got to see group come back. And there's just some impediments despite the demand, which seems to be growing. We get more calls every day for the group market, and people are itching to come back and be here. So I think both very large conventions, as well as small tech groups. That appears to be across-the-board demand is reoccurring for next year for 2021. And it's probably soft in April, May, June, and then, goes up the balance of the year.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, great. Thanks, Rob. And the second question, I'm not really sure how to ask this question. It's going to be a political question, so excuse me. But yes, I know. If you take your personal views out of the equation for a second, how should we think about the election coming up and maybe how each scenario might play out in terms of your China relationships moving forward? And I hope that makes sense.
Robert Goldstein: I'm really not going to answer that question, with all due respect. I think it's – first of all, I don't know if there's a good answer anyone can give you since we don't have insight to the Chinese perspective. But I'm going to pass on that, respectfully. I don't know if Sheldon wants to weigh in, but I think that's the question I'll pass on.
Steven Wieczynski: Okay. Thanks guys.
Sheldon Adelson: We don’t answer political questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Your line is open.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks. I have a question for Grant Chum kind of circling back to some of the discussion earlier, and Grant, it's so nice to hear your voice. Just your take on whether junket's ability to operate in Mainland China, their interactions with customers, would that be impacted potentially by the blacklist regulation in your view, not that players won't come to Macao but the ability for junkets to maybe be providing capital for players from the Mainland? And kind of looking at your economic crystal ball, how long do you think capital control in Mainland China may be kind of front and center? Thanks.
Grant Chum: Rob, shall I take that?
Robert Goldstein: Yes, please.
Grant Chum: Yes. Hi, Robin, yes, I think we should clarify that there's always been a prohibition on gambling on Mainland China and solicitation of gambling in Mainland China. And I think those rules and regulations are well understood by market participants. And I think that's the way it should remain. I think the currency issue, I mean, these are big, big issues. We're not in a position to opine on that. But obviously, the market has been operating without any issues for so many years, and we don't see any particular issues in that regard as the market starts to come back. But obviously, like everyone else, we'll watch with great interest the evolution of the system.
Robin Farley: Thank you. Maybe just as a follow-up and I don't know, Rob, if this would be for you because it's sort of broader. I think in prior calls this year, you talked about potential M&A activity or that that would be a little bit of a departure for LVS, having expressed interest in that? Can you sort of update us on your thoughts on that at this point?
Robert Goldstein: Patrick, are you in the call?
Patrick Dumont: Yes. Do you want me to take that one? Is that okay?
Robert Goldstein: Sure.
Patrick Dumont: Hey, it's Patrick. I think what we said before in prior calls is consistent, that we view capital deployment pretty consistently and so that we have a very high return threshold. When that original commentary was made by the Chairman, it was really regarding certain conditions that existed really before all the stimulus went into the market. And I think where we are today is we are very focused on maintaining our investments in our existing markets. We've deployed a lot of capital in the last 12 months into these markets. As Grant and Rob mentioned, you're starting to see the benefits in the return of premium mass in Macao today and these very high-value investments. And we're also looking to maintain liquidity to ensure that we have the ability to take advantage of opportunities in the future. So I think we're looking around. I think we're optimistic about the future of our key markets. If an M&A opportunity comes up, we'll look at it. But again, our return thresholds are very high. And as of right now, there's nothing that's really compelling. So we'll continue to deploy capital in our markets and hopefully get the continued high returns that we've been seeing previously in these markets, but no M&A as of right now.
Robin Farley: Thank you.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks Robin.
Operator: Your next question comes from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Thomas Allen: Thank you. Just following up on that last question. We've been getting a lot of questions about when you may resume your dividend. And would you go back to the kind of $0.79 you were paying at the beginning of the year? Can you just update us on your thinking there? Thank you.
Robert Goldstein: Patrick?
Patrick Dumont: Hey, it's Patrick. I think return of capital has been a cornerstone for our shareholder value creation program. And I think we're very focused on getting back to being a dividend payer. You've heard our Chairman say "yay dividends" many times. I think he feels – still feels that way. I think the company is very motivated to grow its cash flow beyond where it was in 2019 and ultimately return to being a dividend payer. But I think the key thing right now is that we're in the early stages of recovery of COVID, and we are going to see how that trajectory goes before we make a determination about return of capital. We're very focused on growing the business back and exceeding the prior levels, and we'll evaluate where things are at that time as things progress and make an assessment about sort of dividend payouts at that time.
Thomas Allen: Helpful color. Thanks, Patrick. And then, just as my follow-up question, appreciate all the color you gave on Macao around Golden Week and how things have been progressing there? Can you give any more color around Vegas and Singapore? Obviously, sequentially, third quarter looks better than the second quarter, but was it similar in terms of a month-by-month progression? And have things continued to improve in October? And would you expect them to continue to improve? Or are there seasonal factors we should be thinking about, too? Thank you.
Robert Goldstein: Do you want Singapore and Las Vegas? So in Las Vegas, I think things have – I'm not sure it's a seasonal issue. We're in a different place right now. I think it's not about summer versus fall. I think it's pretty much staying stable. But I'm curious to see what happens in the winter if the leisure business holds up as strongly. But I think things are staying where they're at until there's some type of a catalyst. I mean, we did see leisure travel, I think, getting stronger on weekends, not as strong midweek. I still think the airlift thing is very, very difficult to overcome. We still are operating as a regional market. I don't see how – like, the group business, I think there will be increasing demand, but how it'll get here and can it get here with the governmental restrictions. So I don't see a lot of change in Las Vegas for us until there's a change structurally and the governor's position, the airline position and the willingness again of consumers. I think people coming here on weekends and sitting in a room is one thing. But when they come with a 30,000 group convention or they come and watch a 20,000-seat hockey game, I don't know how people think about those kinds of large gatherings. So I think Vegas stays where it's at. I think that there's going to be demand, but we've got to change some things structurally to get people in the buildings. So that's Vegas. We're very encouraged with what's happening in MBS. We made some money this quarter, as you see. I think that will continue to grow. The growth in MBS will be contingent upon a few variables. For example, just in our building, we'll grow from 1,500 current slot machines to 2,000 as of the first of the year. The win per unit there is extraordinary. And that's driven mostly not by – people think it's a locals market, not really. It's a locals market for residents, Singapore residents. It's a very different thing because what we do mention – say that it's foreigners who achieve status as a permanent resident. That's probably the big driver of our very strong slot ETG win, not as strong on the table side, where the market is not as favorable with local residents. We need some airlift there. The other encouraging thing happening in Singapore, as you know, is the recent development with the Hong Kong airlift situation in the governments. We're very fortunate the government in Singapore is so proactive and recognized we need to rejuvenate our industry and its economy. That deal with between Cathay and Sing Air, I think, is very favorable. It bodes well for other jurisdictions to open up. The big catalyst for Singapore growth, obviously, is foreign travel, foreign visitation. That's necessitated by airlift, and that's lacking. But again, Malaysia, Indonesia, Japan, etcetera, Vietnam, as those markets open up, Singapore could easily grow from, right now, $25 million, $35 million a month to maybe $50 million or $75 million a month and keep going. It really depends on getting the airlift community for foreign visitation. We are comfortable in making money in Singapore. It's growing. October, Golden Week is – the business keeps continuing to feel better. It feels stronger. But the change will only happen there in a step-change way when you have access by air travel, obviously. And we're hopeful that in this quarter, we'll see some more developments, and we'll see even further as – again, unlike the U.S., the COVID situation appears to be pretty stable in most countries in Asia. So it makes us hopeful that more people will open their borders up and allow air travel. And that will drive Singapore back to the levels we're comfortable with.
Patrick Dumont: And if I could just – hey it's Patrick, if I could just add one comment. I think it's an important thing to note that in Singapore, things really were opened in a phased way after the circuit breaker. And so we really didn't have our full hotel towers until August 1. And I think the other thing that's important to note is it did ramp across the quarter. So Singapore is slowly resuming operations in a more normal way, and we are starting to see the benefits of that as we resume the profitability. And so it was a ramp across the quarter in Singapore, and the trajectory is positive.
Thomas Allen: Very helpful color. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Jared Shojaian: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. On Marina Bay Sands, can you tell us what percentage of your business historically has come from Mainland China? And then I guess, on the cross-border issues, I mean, is it possible that, for Macao, some of the cross-border issues, just the sentiment of that, could be a headwind in the near-term but potentially positive over the longer term if more demand ends up shifting to Macao?
Robert Goldstein: It's not quite sure. We're not going to break out percentages as it relates to the profitability coming out of China into Singapore. But I will say it's a very important market for us. So there's no arguing that it's fundamental to our growth and our success as is most countries in Asia depending on China visitation. So it's – but we'll keep it at a very macro level. As far as – it's a double-edged sword, as I referenced, because I think it's very, very helpful in Macao that – the Chinese consumer. One of the reasons our retail business from the high end is booming according to our people on the ground is that they can't fly to France or the U.S. or wherever they travel to and buy their luxury goods. So they're buying it at home. And then, you see the surging retail numbers and the growth in the economy coming out of China. China's back to a pretty good place. Growth, I think, is back, and the renminbi is strong. And China is doing very well compared to the rest of the world, including the COVID situation. So that bodes very, very well. Once we can get inside the bubble, of the China bubble on the containment, I think our business in Macao is going to be just fine and dandy quickly. It's not so positive for Macao – I mean, for Singapore because there may be a hesitation of the meeting country to air travel. And I'm speculating, but we don't have any incoming out of China right now as far as opening up the balance of not just Singapore but Asia, Japan, Thailand, etcetera. So it will be helpful because demand in both gaming, retail, leisure travel will probably be very strong in Macao as those IVS and COVID barriers come down. And hopefully, it will come down because the health situation in both Macao and Mainland China is very positive. So it's very helpful in Macao, no question, and probably not as helpful in Singapore.
Jared Shojaian: Okay. Thanks Rob. And I'm curious, Rob, just to get your perspective on this. And I think I know the answer to this but curious to hear your response. Given that Vegas is recovering, we're a little bit closer to a vaccine today, hopefully. And Macao has been, I think, a lot slower to recover than people expected. Is it still your expectation that Macao could and should get back to prior peak revenue before Vegas?
Robert Goldstein: I believe so. I think Macao – the countries are very – China is the market for Macao. China is in a very favorable position. I referenced earlier in the call the renminbi, the economy, the safety of COVID. They've done a great job and a sustainable recovery over there. And it feels that it's going to be transferred to Macao in the near future. I just don't know when. But I feel very good about the prospects in Macao in the future and hopefully in the near future. But we don't know. Again, it's not within our control. But I think the government took it slowly, and we got to hand it to the governments in China and Macao. They've been very – it's been frustrating, but they're taking it slow and you see them opening gradually. We see the recovery in premium mass with base mass to follow and probably junket after that. So Macao, I think, recovers quicker. Having said that, I, for the first time, feeling, Vegas has some bright spots, and we feel some – there's definitely leisure customer weekends, and it's packed here on the weekends, much more than had been previously. It's not so favorable midweek. But again, there's always a group area of strength. And we're seeing group calls. I mean, our team is getting response. People want to come back to Las Vegas. It just I think, takes longer. And as you referenced, I pray there's a vaccine for all of us. I do think that's the tipping point. The U.S. has to get healthy. We still have, what, 70,000 people affected one day last week. It's still staggering, the level of what's happening. So until people feel safe, they're not coming to Vegas. But when they do, they're going to come back, and we're very confident. But if I'm to make a bet, I'd bet on Macao, much quicker of a recovery than Las Vegas. Vegas has some challenges, where Macao just has to have that barrier come down and let people come in. That's all there is.
Jared Shojaian: All right. Thank you very much.
Robert Goldstein: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Katz with Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Katz: Hi. Afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Good to hear all of your voices and hope you are well. I just wanted to follow-up on the IVS circumstances. What we're seeing here is a negligible number of cases both in Macao and the relevant areas of China. What light can you shed on what the Chinese government and the Macao government might be looking for, for change to occur? Or is it just a function of taking the time administratively to convert back to the kiosks that we've known about in the past?
Robert Goldstein: Mr. Chum, are you still awake?
Grant Chum: Yes. Well, I think the way you have to look at it, and it refers back to what Rob said, what a great job I think the governments in China and the local government in Macao have done in terms of controlling the pandemic. But one result of that is, I think, each step of relaxation is handled very cautiously. So I think it's more the case that we need the passage of time where we can see that everything is working in order and there are no issues arising from people movements of large numbers. And I think your point about do they move from manual to kiosks, I mean, we already do have feedback from customers and consumers that, in different parts of China, you do have a much more abbreviated application process. So I think this will work its way out assuming that everything remains in order as it relates to the control of the pandemic.
Wilfred Wong: Rob, this is Wilfred. Can I jump in?
Robert Goldstein: Please do.
Wilfred Wong: Now I think the current situation is the government know what needs to be done, including persuading the Chinese government to work on the kiosks rather than manual processes, extending the 14 days of validity of the test certificate. But we must remember one thing, what you want to avoid is a shutdown again. So that's why both the central government and Macao government been working very carefully because they don't want a resurgence or an outbreak of COVID in Macao, which has held its fort for so long. And that's why they're moving slowly, but surely. But what we are seeing is both the central government and the Macao government knows exactly what needs to be done and they're moving in the right direction.
David Katz: Thank you for that. It seems like a fair plan. Sorry, go ahead, please.
Robert Goldstein: No, I couldn't agree more. I think we're lucky that they're thinking long-term. It's frustrating for all of us who want it to happen yesterday. We want so badly to see this market open back up. We want to get back on track. And it's frustrating. But I think the comments of guys in Macao, it's going to pay off long-term with long sustainable growth and back to a better environment. It's hard for us in here to accept it without getting antsy. But I think when those restrictions are lifted or revisited, I think it'd be great for all of us.
David Katz: I appreciate that. And if I can ask one detail follow-up. Within the context of the recovery in Macao, and I appreciate the color around October starting to approach or get to breakeven, how would you have us think about the Londoner and its ramp within the context of all that? Presumably, it's on a different track and a different trajectory given the capital.
Robert Goldstein: Grant, why don't you take that now and [indiscernible]. Please take it.
Grant Chum: Sorry, do you want to go first or?
Robert Goldstein: No, go ahead. You initiate, Grant.
Grant Chum: Yes. I think the first point is what Rob said earlier, that this is a product-driven market. And I don't know, it's hard for us to convey to you over the phone just how excited we are about the products that we are about to bring on. And of course, we have brought some of that on already through the Four Seasons, the new hotel at the Four Seasons. But obviously, the bigger piece will be the comprehensive product that we're going to put out there through the Londoner Macao. And I think when you think about the construction progress we've made there, obviously, we've taken full advantage of the pandemic cessation of some of this business in the SCC side, and we've accelerated much of our programming as a result of that. And I think when we see the segments that are recovering chiefly through premium mass, we really feel very good about the natural rollout progressively of a number of these new products. And that will start potentially toward the end of this year and will move on to the rest of the resort during the course of 2021. But we're very, very excited about what we're about to bring onto the market.
Robert Goldstein: I just want to add one comment. We had the SCC for years. It was not a great product. It didn't deliver. And here, we've redone this product with 6,000 rooms and suites; a casino, if you can see it, the images are spectacular, a redone retail environment with the epicenter of the Cotai Strip across from the powerhouse, which is The Venetian, twice the key count. I don't think we couldn't be more excited to see it get fully open and operational. David Beckham will cut the key, and Sheldon will be over there hopefully to do this with him, and I think it's going to be an extraordinary product. And we think of how our products perform in the Macao it won't be a very underwhelming product to the one competitive to, I think, The Venetian. And we just we just can't wait to get back in Macao and see the impact. The same with the Four Seasons, which is now open, this is quite a product. And I think our future is tied to – not to overextending giveaways and promotions, but building great product that the customers in Macao come to. So we couldn't be more – I'm just very excited about the prospects of our new developments in Macao.
David Katz: Look forward to seeing it. Thank you for taking my question.
Robert Goldstein: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon, and thanks for squeezing me in. Really just wanted to kind of do two quick follow-ups on topics of…
Operator: He got disconnected.
Daniel Briggs: We'll deal with Shaun. It seems he got dropped off. We'll deal with him directly. That's it.
Robert Goldstein: Thank you.
Daniel Briggs: Thanks so much for joining us.
Robert Goldstein: Mr. Chum, Dr. Wong, great thanks for joining the call. We really appreciate it. Great color.
Wilfred Wong: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-22 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Faith, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Daniel Briggs. 
Daniel Briggs: Thank you. Joining me on the call today are Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Patrick Dumont, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the safe harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release. Please note that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the Q&A session, we ask that you please respect our request to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question, so we might allow everyone with interest the opportunity to participate. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please turn the call over to Mr. Adelson.
Sheldon Adelson: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I hope that all of you are staying safe and healthy during these challenging times. While the company is facing COVID-19 challenges, we're excited that we are seeing the first signs of recovery. We're happy to report that Marina Bay Sands in Singapore is now open. And that since July 15, certain visit is returning to Guangdong Province from Macao and no longer subject to quarantine. This is a critical first step towards the relaxation of quarantine restrictions in provinces outside of Guangdong, as well as the eventual resumption of tourist visa issuance to Macao. While the recovery in our local communities is now in its early stages, we will remain steadfast in our commitments to the health and safety of our employees and customers and to providing assistance in our host markets. We remain confident that travel and tourism spending in each of our markets will eventually fully recover. My 70 -- my over 70 years of business experience are the basis from my unbridled optimism that people will travel again, shop again and come together again to enjoy entertainment and social interaction, to exchange ideas and to conduct business. Our optimism about an eventual recovery, coupled with our financial strength enables us to continue the execution of our capital investment programs in both Macao and Singapore. We believe these investments will strengthen our leadership position in each of these markets and will provide a larger platform for future growth as travel and tourism spending return. In Macao, we continue to make great progress in the execution of our US$ 2.2 billion capital investment program for the London and Macao and the Grand Suites at Four Seasons. As we complete these and other capital projects during the year and in 2021, we will be introducing a variety of world-class integrated results of elements. This includes three new all suite hotels, more than a dozen new restaurants, additional retail and new MICE and entertainment facilities. We're very confident that these new developments will help Macao to recapture and overturn increase its share of leisure and business tourism from China and the rest of Asia. We remain unwavering in our commitment to long-term investment in Macao. The scale of our existing and ongoing investments enables us to play our part in supporting the local economy of Macao today, including our support of local employment, as well as our support to small- and medium-sized businesses. I remain steadfast in my belief that Macao has the potential to become one of the greatest business and leisure tourism destinations in the world and the MICE capital of Asia. We would welcome the opportunity to invest billions of additional investment dollars and extend our contributions to Macao's diversification and evolution into Asia's leading leisure and business tourism destination. Now turning to our investment in the expansion of Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. We remain excited to be part of Singapore's continued growth as a leading leisure and business tourism destination. We continue to make progress on the MBS expansion. We believe that delays in the timing of the project are likely to occur. These delays are principally related to the impact of the pandemic, and we will provide additional updates in the future, as conditions are continuing to evolve. In advance of the expansion, we will also continue to reinvest in Marina Bay Sands, to enhance the customer experience and the tourism appeal of the resort. Finally, turning to Las Vegas. The eventual recovery could take more time here than in Asia, particularly because of our reliance on group meeting business. We remain confident that Las Vegas will remain the greatest leisure and business tourism destinations in the United States. Regarding our balance sheet, maintaining a strong balance sheet makes great businesses, where we weather with the storm caused by this pandemic. Our balance sheet strength enables us to invest in promising future growth opportunities, and positions the company to deliver industry-leading growth in the years ahead. We're deeply confident that the eventual recovery in travel and tourism spending and the strength of our business model will enable us to deliver both growth and the return of capital to shareholders in the future. Thank you again for joining us on the call today, and now we'll take questions. Faith, we're ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, everybody. My first question relates to Macao. I was hoping you could give us some sense of your anticipated benefit and what you have seen over the last week or so since the Guangdong quarantine requirement was lifted. So a two-part related question. One, do you think this travel easing if isolation, so without any other travel restrictions, easing, new visa issuance can get you to EBITDA breaking even in Macao? And two, when you look at -- second part of this question, when you look at the last 8 to 10 days, how similar was this period's performance to the performance just over between February 20 when the casinos reopened and March 20 when Guangdong initiated quarantine requirement? And then I have related follow-up.
Rob Goldstein: Yes. Joe, hi, it's Rob. I think there's a big difference between the dates you mentioned in the current period. We believe Macao is our biggest upside potential, but I think it's critical to realize that I think you know that without the IVS, Individual Visitation Scheme, being resurrected, there's not much hope for the casinos to come back. The visitation is, I think, 2,000, 3,000 -- there is three steps. We took the first big step for the quarantine being taken away. The second step will be the IVS resurrection. Hopefully, that happens we don't know when, but that's critical. Of course, then finally beyond Guangdong, we need to see the other provinces open as well. It's not really that impactful financially, or the income of Macao, the quarantine disappearing without a reservation of the IVS. And I think that subsequent, the Guangdong will be helpful. But as you know, we need other provinces come back as well. So I don't think there's much use to compare the period you mentioned. And today, it's very different. Only left is non-expired IVS, and those are dwindling. So the impact is negligible. I think the victory is puric in terms of the financial results, but very helpful in terms of once the IVS comes down or it comes back, and of course, more importantly, that we get beyond Guangdong since Macao is the only provinces that contributed to its income. So we feel -- we're very excited about the potential. When it does happen, we're still strong believers in the pent-up demand theory. We're still strong believers that our business will come back quite well. The problem is I can't nor anyone else give you a date certain. It could be next month. It could be in the fall. It could be late in the fall. So we have to remain patient. We remain steadfast and I believe the business will come back, and we'll wait for that day.
Sheldon Adelson: So those -- this is Sheldon. Those who believe that it'll take a couple of weeks for each step, the Guangdong waiver of the quarantine upon return of Guangdong Province might take two weeks and then they'll open up another province, and they'll do it gradually until we get to most or all of the provinces. The IVS game, they know -- the Macao government knows that the IVS game is important and that we need that. So we're also hopeful that, that will take place in the -- sooner rather than later. But there's no guarantee, but it's our hope.
Joe Greff: Great. That's helpful, Sheldon. Thank you. And then sorry to ask the Las Vegas question so early in the queue here. But Rob, can you give us a sense of group and convention, activity cancellations, attrition rates for the fall and the rest of 2020, what you're seeing for the first half of next year and then maybe, importantly, what you're seeing with respect to Las Vega your airlift capacity for the end of this year for October through December. Thank you.
Rob Goldstein: Sure, Joe. As you know, we're running three very different businesses, very distinct business to Singapore, Macao versus Las Vegas, of all of them, I view Las Vegas lease favorably. And for the reasons you mentioned, Las Vegas, especially our company, but the whole city, is dependent upon group and convention and banquet segment return. I see nothing indicates that 2020 would return at all. There's nothing in the horizon group here, group there, but nothing of consequence. And we cannot -- Las Vegas cannot perform without return of these segments. It cannot make money with limited hotel occupancy or in negligible occupancy midweek, maybe 50% capacity weekend. In essence, we're running a regional casino predicated upon driving businesses. We have airlift somewhere around 40% of what it was. And about 40% the occupancy, the plans is much less than it was previously. So we're in a world of hurt here in terms of Vegas. As far as looking ahead, I don’t have a crystal ball into 2021. I remain pessimistic about group and convention. And the reason I say that is, if you believe in a -- if you believe in a vaccine or you believe this thing will eventually just burn off, whatever you believe. I still think the longest -- the slowest return of our business will be large deal group business because it tends to skew younger, it's more tech driven, and those people are more reluctant to travel. So I think we have to take a zero, in my opinion, for the rest of the year in terms of the return on group business and banquet business or any consequence. Could it be a one or two here and there, yes, but nothing material. I don't want to predict 2021 because I don't feel I have enough insight into what might happen to the vaccine or the virus and no way to forecast that. But I would be less than honest if I didn't tell you that Las Vegas is in a very difficult place. Unlike Macao, where there's a real, real strong desire and belief that we'll see things return much quicker in Macao this fall and I feel -- well, Singapore will talk about shortly. But Vegas is dependent on airlift, it's dependent on group and convention. It's not a casino-driven market anymore. So we're struggling here. I think I speak for Las Vegas Venetian and Palazzo but I assume that may translate to other properties as well. It's an amazing transition from -- we're making $0.5 billion a year, and we are hitting on all cylinders. And today, it's painful. And I think it remains painful for the immediate future. 20'21, I think you have to look to that as the turning point, and that would -- that depends on how you view this virus, vaccine situation. But I also caution you that large-scale businesses, like we are big-box businesses, may be the most troubled in terms of the customer consuming us to return to it. So in all the years as I've been here in Las Vegas, I've never felt more gloomier effect [ph] about what's happening in Las Vegas short term, hope. Long term, we can see a better day.
Joe Greff: Thanks, Rob, thanks, Sheldon.
Operator: Your next question is from Robin Farley from UBS. Your line is open.
Robin Farley: Great. Thanks very much for taking the question. On last quarter's call, you had expressed some interest in potential M&A activity. And I just wonder what your current thoughts on that are? Thanks.
Patrick Dumont: Rob, do you want to take that one? Yes, sure.
Rob Goldstein: Please. So as we've said, as a consistent theme over the last quarters, we're very focused on returns. Our Chairman is a very returns-focused guy. And I think his mandate has always been to maximize those returns. And I think you heard him on the last earnings call, and he's here today, so we'll probably have some additional commentary. You mentioned M&A, but I think that was done in the context before the benefit of the massive government stimulus programs were seen. And there was a belief that there might be an opportunistic way to take advantage of the environment and capitalize on great assets that could be purchased perhaps below replacement cost or perhaps in a cyclical trough where the acquisition could make our required returns work. And I think in this environment, given where we are today, there aren't a lot of those opportunities available. That being said, I think we'll continue to look. I think we have an opportunity if something comes around, and we'll continue to keep our eyes open. But at this point, we're still very returns-focused. I think we're not going to be an M&A driven shop. But at the same time, if something comes up that's incredibly compelling; I think we'll be happy to take a look at it.
Robin Farley: Great. And I appreciate that. And just as a follow-up question. Just given how disruptive the pandemic has been, is your expectations that concession in Macao will be extended for a year, that the whole process of the rebid would be pushed out? Is that something that -- do you think maybe likely or has been communicated in any way to you?
Rob Goldstein: Robin, it's Rob. Nothing has been communicated by the government, whatsoever. And we'll remain -- waiting for their advice and counsel. But as of this time, nothing all has been said about extension or timetables.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Sheldon Adelson: I want to bring up something from two questions ago. The withholding of the groups was a non-attendance of the groups is both the state and a federal requirement. The state and the federal could say, you can't have a gathering of any more than, say, 50 people. You can't have conferences and trade shows with gatherings prohibited of more than 50 people. So we got to wait until the state and the federal government opens the door for that.
Operator: Your next question is from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey guys, thank you very much. Rob, on the last call, you talked a little bit about the cadence of how provinces would come online, and I was just wondering if anything has changed with respect to your, you talked it about being a staggered province by province, IVS, kind of release, so to speak, or if there's anything further beyond Guangdong. I know you touched on it a little bit earlier, but is it still your expectation that it will be a staggered process?
Rob Goldstein: Yes. Again, I don't have the insight beyond what it's all hearsay. Just be clear, we're not getting official words from the government. But the consensus among those who seem to understand how the government thinks about this is, obviously, we're much more careful than we are here in the U.S., the tolerance is much lower for the spread of virus. But what we hear from various sources that the IVS, when it happens, it stays limited to Guangdong. And then the eventual movement into other provinces will gradual throughout the course of the fall. That's what we're being told. It won't be a green light and all thing opens up onetime. I think they're going to -- I think they're doing very orderly, and you see that with the quarantine. I think the IVS will be the next issue whenever that happens, hopefully soon later. But yes, I believe it's staggered throughout the fall, perhaps even beyond the fall. But I don't -- I've never even say this will be lights go on one day, and boom, China opens up to Macao. We've never heard that from anybody, and we heard from a lot of people.
Sheldon Adelson: Rob, I'll give it a try.
Rob Goldstein: Yes. Well, you got one, please click it quickly, Sheldon. If you want more of the advice, bring all -- get your bazooka and click it. So, look, we're hopeful, Macao -- I think of all the places we operate, Singapore is one in the middle. Vegas is in the deep part of the pool. But Macao is such potential, we believe. So we're so excited to see that light switch go off and -- but we have to be patient and just wait for that day. That's one thing we should -- I mean, I think I'd say the obvious to you is because you've followed this space forever. But again, this is the world's greatest regional market. It's not air dependent. We don't need airlift. There's 10% of the customers come from air, the rest is sea and land. So, it's fascinating to me how people -- I mean, Macao is so accessible by land and by sea and not air dependent. In essence, what you see in regional markets, which is a quicker recovery, mimic, so I think you'll see in Macao. The minute those barriers come down, I think you'll see a lot of people coming in. They don't need airplanes. They'll need the social distance on the airplanes. It's a huge advantage of Macao, especially when the governments feel comfortable opening the borders. Next question? I'm sorry.
Carlo Santarelli: Sorry. I just -- as it pertains to Marina Bay Sands, obviously, you guys -- really when everything is clicking, I mean, it's just a cash flow machine. And right now, given some of the limitations of the social distancing aspects and, obviously, the airlift into Singapore and that being somewhat compromised, do you guys feel the property right now is able to with kind of the patronage that you presumably will get before things change more broadly is able kind of get to a breakeven? I think the operating loss was something like $65 million a month is what you guys had in the slide deck. With maybe what you expect to see now that development are coming back online, is it possible to get that property back towards a breakeven level in the near-term?
Rob Goldstein: Yes, it is. Very much so. I mean -- but we're hoping -- just to be clear, you may have know this, but the casino is open, you know that. Now, we're handicap, in a sense, there's only 300 live table games and 1,500 slot ETGs. But we reclaim all that is happening on the 27 this month. Obviously, we're -- that's a market hampered by airlift because -- it's kind of -- it's a hybrid market. It's got this local business because of all the affluent foreigners who reside in Singapore, which there are many, fortunately. Singapore being such extraordinary country to live and conduct the business, we're very fortunate of a strong foreign clientele that has PR status inside the Singapore borders who reside there permanently. Having said that, we love to have more airlift and love to see Malaysia come out. But yes, to answer your question, we feel very, very lucky, very fortunate what's happening in Singapore as we speak. The casino seeing customers, our occupancy was driven by -- mostly by casino next month. And obviously, a very strong casino occupancy month, and there'll be some cash demand as well from staycations from Singaporeans. The border is still closed to Malaysia, except for limited high visibility business folks. So, Singapore has handicapped, but they can make money. And it will make money. It's going to be a nice turnaround, more premature very fortunate that Singapore is coming back online. It's our most -- our best prospect as we speak today, a much better position than we are in Las Vegas. So yes -- but obviously, the maximum potential of that property to get back to $1.6 billion, $1.7 billion days. We need to see the airlift return. We need to see the casino fully operational. But we feel positive about what's happening in Singapore. We feel very fortunate that we've come out of this, and we're open and operational. And we're seeing customers, and we feel good about it. 
Carlo Santarelli: Thank you very much guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Shaun Kelley: Hi everyone. Rob, maybe just a follow-up on Singapore. I mean I think it's a little harder for us to track just some of the local policies in that market about the reopening and what needs to be done in the airlift side. So, anything you could point to as it relates to either agreements on creating local travel bubbles, be it Malaysia or China? And could you just remind us of what are the key source markets that you really need to see open up to make that property look a little bit more like normal? 
Rob Goldstein: Yes. Well, we need -- the first thing obviously is the airlift, which I don't have any color -- any insight to help you with it. I hope it opens up. I don't see airlift being a real help to the Singapore property probably for the balance of this year. It remains pretty much a market within the borders of Singapore. There is a chance Malaysia opens up. They have COVID under control because they're very similar measures to Singapore. Given the relationship between the JV board and the two countries, there's a possibility of some limited leisure business travel opening up probably in Q4 to Malaysia. I don't see Indonesia. There is talk -- there's hope that they can open some business lanes up through China, but that's not happening today. But I will remind you, we're fortunate again, have a very affluent clientele of foreign people live in Singapore. I think we'll be pleased with the results of Singapore in the fall. But I don't see 2020 being a lot of air traffic in Singapore, foreign visitation. It doesn't seem to me to be in the cards for the foreseeable four or five months. 
Shaun Kelley: Great. Thank you. And just as my follow-up, as it relates to Las Vegas, obviously, one of the biggest questions we get is on the corporate and convention side across the whole global hotel business. And I was curious, as you talk to some of the bigger convention and groups or you break down your own business, just any thoughts about some sort of structural change as it relates to any of that activity? I mean, there’s so many barriers that it’s really hard for people to probably extrapolate too much right now, but just any thoughts you have about just demand levels more permanently changing due to conference calls and activity levels or just how do you think about that? 
Sheldon Adelson: No. 
Rob Goldstein: We'll get first Sheldon on that. 
Sheldon Adelson: Thank you. This is Sheldon. Having been in that business in the conference and trade show business. It's a staycation [ph] business for 40 years, I could tell you that there are different constituencies. There were associations that run the events, there are private entities that run the events and there are companies that run their own events. One of our biggest customers is a company that brings several big conferences to our properties in Las Vegas during the course of the year. They can't give up on that. The fact that people are working from home and communicating from home, that is never going to give up on the trade show business, to meet people, to do research, to do recruitment, to announce -- to make announcements and product introductions. There won't be a substitute for that. 
Shaun Kelley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Felicia Hendrix of Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, thank you so much. First, just wanted to touch on your CapEx. It looks like spend on the London are seems to have been pushed out. So I was wondering if you could walk us through that. 
Rob Goldstein: From the timing of the financial side? What do you want to hear? Patrick will take you through the financial side. On the timing, we are moving quickly on getting it completed, Felicia. It'll be pretty much done. Four Seasons done this fall. London are done interior wise Q1 of 2020, but a lot more work on exterior wise and there's other pieces to be done. We're going as fast as we can with the constraints of COVID. We've not pulled back in terms of trying to get it done. We're not holding back. We just have some constraints construction wise, but perhaps Patrick will take you through financial side. 
Patrick Dumont: So there's a couple of things here. Some of this related to permitting, but I think the key thing is we've completed the Grand Suites at Four Seasons, so that's done. The London hotel, which is 580 suites, excluding some high-end suites is done. And then between now and the end of the year, we're going to complete the Londoner Macao, which is 368 suites together with gaming and restaurants. The Londoner casino will be done at the main gaming four level. Paiza gaming will be done. We'll finish the rest of the high-end suites for the Londoner. And we're going to add the Crystal Palace space, which is like the wow space entrants and then 10 new restaurants. So we'll also, throughout the rest of -- part of '21, which is what you see in the CapEx schedule that's in the presentations on Page eight, is really external works and effort to share, Big Ben, some retail areas and some other public spaces. And then -- so I think that's really the shifting in the CapEx that you see was related to permitting. But the project from this customer standpoint, aside from the exterior works still continues to be on the schedule that we expect. 
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Okay. So the $100 million shift from '21 and then the roughly $700 million shift from '22 that you would say most of that's permitting and maybe some COVID-related delays? 
Patrick Dumont: That's right. 
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Helpful. And then just on Vegas and full disclosure, we may have completely modeled this strong, but -- because you've given us the cash burn for property. But even like knowing that, you still did better than we expected in Vegas in terms of costs. I mean we're all looking at big negative numbers, so either take that. But just wondering, was there anything like surprising in Vegas where you were able to just mitigate the lower revenues or anything that kind of came up in the quarter that you may not have thought about? 
Patrick Dumont: I will take the different side of that I'll turn it over to you. So as they kind of look at Page 5, it's really a near 0 revenue scenario. So when we're making revenue, we're actually able to benefit a little bit. So that's what you saw in Las Vegas. And so we were able to take some cost side of the business as we continue to focus on costs. As a team, we've been very focused on trying to reduce costs across all of our jurisdictions during this time. And we were able to make certain headway in Vegas. But as a practical matter, it's really just based on the revenue that we achieved during the quarter. 
Felicia Hendrix: Yes. It kind of sounds like, we're just going to ramp up that -- ramp down the cost as much, so thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is from Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling: Hey, thank you for taking the question. I guess on -- I was hoping you could give a little more color on margins in Macao. And given you expect some pent-up demand in the market, how are you generally evaluating marketing and/or lending to coax the customer back? And where would you see the health of the junkets are as we prep for an eventual recovery? 
Rob Goldstein: I think the question about what you market, the building is just open the doors and watch the customers come in. I feel very confident that pent-up demand will cover a lot of our marketing. We don't think an incent or do much more we've ever done. Macao is a frothy market when the barriers come down. So I don't see that need to incent or do things differently. There's open the doors, let it come. As far as the junkets remains a question mark. What does happen there, there's been all kinds of things, there's been issues that you read about in the press and you've covered in your discussion, Steve. And I think it remains to be seen what the trends that junkets to what the demand is. I know this is not the common thinking, but I'd want to believe the average customer, the mass business and pre-mass will come back strong and heavy from day one. And as the junkets will -- just let the market show us what it has and what the customer demand is and how much the junkets want to participate. I think that remains a question mark in my mind. But we are really confident that this is a market that doesn't need airlift, just needs to open the doors and watch people come back in and we can't wait for that day. 
Stephen Grambling: That's great. And as you learn from ramping down, I guess for the change in demand, are there things that you maybe will keep holding back as it relates to costs that could influence margins versus where they used to be on the recovery? 
Rob Goldstein: I think the door is open. I think once you see a demand, you can make this -- in the blind that taking visibility as to how strong it comes back. I wouldn't do anything to execute demand and what it looks like in Macao because again, we have one advantage as no one talks about, but the Chinese customers not -- doesn't have optionality in terms of coming to the U.S. or going to Europe. So even leaving -- Singapore, so I think Macao, it becomes even more desirable in terms of the Chinese visitation. I wouldn't try to figure out the market until I see the demand side and the customers. Once that happens, they will make decisions. 
Patrick Dumont: So just one comment on the margin structure, if you think about the run rate business prior to COVID, more than 60% in Macao of our expenses were really variable, gaming taxes and sort of things related to the activity of the business. And so when you think about our controllable operating expenses, we have taken cost out of the business, but the margin structure you should expect is going to be related to the mix of business more than it is on the incremental costs we've taken out. So if we can start achieving the premium mass business that we think we can achieve with the opening of the Londoner and the Four Seasons and grow that business with this new product that is incredibly compelling, the margin structure will improve just because it's -- it will overweight towards this high-value customer. So I think I'd like to believe in the long run that the base mass business comes back and the premium mass business comes back, and we get this volume that takes advantage of some of the benefits that we've had in the margin structure. But the long run rate margins should look similar to what we've done in the past, assuming the business returns as normal. 
Stephen Grambling: Super helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is from Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Thomas Allen: Thank you. So you obviously have one of the leading mall portfolios in the world. Can you just update us on your conversations with the tenants, both in terms of rent payments and renewals? And just help us think about that for the future.
Rob Goldstein: Patrick, you're right -- what do you want to? 
Patrick Dumont: Why don't you start, and I'm happy to add if there's anything that's helpful. 
Rob Goldstein: I think, we've worked very well with our -- Thomas, to your point, our retail portfolio is a very important part of the mix of our business. We remain believers and that will come back in a big way in Asia. But MBS has started to ramp already. Obviously, Macao is not. We've been very -- we've worked very hard to foster strong relationships with the tenants in both jurisdictions, and we did rent reduction, et cetera. We'll take a wait and see attitude once again. The tenants have worked hard to be - to work with us and not -- we all try to work in the same manner, a fair, open dialogue about how we see the future. I assume that this will mimic the casino hotel demand. As Singapore gets stronger day by day, the tenants are coming back. We've had a lot less business than we wanted to have, as compared to Orchard Road. That's sort of change. Now, the mix is coming back to us now the hotel is open. So I think it's very simple. We have 200-plus tenancies in Singapore. I think 800 tenancies in Macao. We take them one by one based on how we see the market treating them. There'll be some casualties. There's been some casualties already in some of these places, because of, obviously, the shutdown. But just like we will at the gaming side and the hotel side, I'd like to wait and see what demand looks like and until we renew those relationships, sort of, base rents, percentage rents. But something tells me that in both markets, we're going to see return to normalcy rather quickly. I think it mimics again what we're going to see in the gaming side. And as long as that hotel is still up, it will take time, especially, I think, in Singapore, because without the airlift, it's a local retail market. I think Macao will come back much quicker, because the airlift issue, once the borders open up, I think Macao should return to normalcy rather quickly.
Patrick Dumont: And just one other thought. We've spent a lot of time with our tenants in order to help -- get them through this time, which is unprecedented, with the goal of having them be able to trade again when the recovery that Rob was just discussing comes to fruition. So from our standpoint, we view the mall as a very important asset, very important for our customers' experience. We have relationships with some of the leading brands in the world and in Asia. And we want to ensure the continuity of those relationships, and we've been working with them to ensure that they continue to trade in the recovery. 
Thomas Allen: Helpful. Thank you. And then, respecting that your Asian properties aren't as MICE intensive as your Vegas properties, it does seem like there is some signs of recovery in group business in Asia. Are you seeing that in the bookings heading into 2021 through Singapore, Macao properties at all?
Rob Goldstein: We're seeing -- there's still things on books -- we see Singapore as a starting point. We are seeing demand in Singapore, but I think people are very tend about committing. People are call -- there is inquiries, there's definitely bookings. But the caveat being that they can -- they can bow out within 90 days, there's plenty of room to quit, if they don't see demand. So I think the group is different. Corporate stuff is different than obviously the large-scale groups that require attendees. And I think what we're seeing is people are tend to be putting a foot in the order. But even Singapore, since you can't get there, how do you really make real commitments? I mean, if you want to come to Singapore with a large group, you can't fly into Singapore. So it's a Singapore-driven market only at this point. I think it's too murky, too unclear to talk about 2021 in Singapore. And same applies to Macao. Macao has a short booking window. And as you know, the challenge in Macao is that the gaming piece goes back strong, and I anticipate it will. It negates the need for much MICE business. If anything, it's an impediment to MICE because gaming demand is so strong. It takes the majority of the rooms. You can't put large-scale groups in Macao, because of rooming capacity. Our competitors won't participate anyway. So I think it's unfair to -- this far out to say what happens in Singapore without airlift being determined, I still think it's too early to call that situation. Yes there's inquiries. There's people talking to us, but everyone's scratched their heads saying what does happen, how do we get there, when do we get there? So I think it's too early to take the call.
Thomas Allen: Thank you.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks, Thomas.
Operator: Your next question is from Jared Shojaian from Wolfe Research. Sir, your line is open.
Jared Shojaian: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Can you just talk about what's changed over the last few months in terms of your thinking on Japan? And then I guess going back to the M&A topic. I mean, have you had any inbound calls, any substantive discussions with anyone? And in your slide deck, you list Macao, Singapore and South Korea as areas of potential development interest. Are you kind of agnostic to location? Are you more focused on the return? I mean, how are you sort of thinking about that?
Rob Goldstein: I think Japan, no one wanted to be in Japan more than Sheldon and the team here. We were very bullish in Japan. We spent a lot of time and money, and we're very hopeful. But the environment there just wasn't suitable to make kind of investment that this company demands in terms of returns. It didn't make -- we couldn't make it work. We sure tried. We spent endless time and endless dollars pursuing Japan. We wish we could have stayed. We wish the construct was more welcoming to the investor, but it wasn't. And I feel comfortable that we made the right choice. I think Shel was extremely -- the business there for decades was the biggest proponent. We're all disappointed, what's happened in Japan. But it didn't make economic sense. So, we're keen to invest. Obviously, when this all works out and things get better, especially in Asia, we're keen to be back looking for opportunities to be in Korea or other countries. We'd like to be investing. But it has the right environment. It has to be a country wants us to invest and wants to do the model that Sheldon has -- well, he's authored is a unique model. It's a unique -- it's a huge capital-intense model. It calls for a cooperative government understands all these investments and the needs for return. So, we continue to look at everything in Asia, and we're keen to do it. Sheldon, do you want to comment? 
Sheldon Adelson: The regulations that were promulgated by the Japanese government that went through the dialog were not conducive to attracting the kind of investment that it requires. The cost of construction and the cost of land in Japan is very high. And it didn't justify if it was down, like another jurisdiction. If it were down to $3 billion, $4 billion, it's -- well, I'm not sure that it would have -- that would have made much of a difference because some of the rules, they're talking about withholding income tax from foreign winners. So, player comes in from another country, he wins. They want us -- the government wants the operator to withhold the taxes to pay the Japanese government. That will never attract one foreigner. So, the taxes were 30% gaming taxes, 30% income taxes, and there was no assurance that they won't raise the taxes from there. So, there were just too many negative regulations that we couldn't live with. Listen, if they change it, our mind is open to go back.
Jared Shojaian: Okay. Thank you. It's very helpful. And then just going back to Las Vegas, realizing it's obviously, much smaller piece of your business, but can you talk about what type of customer you're seeing initially, would say it's primarily a lower-yielding drive to customers? Anything you can share there? And is there a revenue percentage you need in order to get to breakeven? 
Rob Goldstein: We need more, more customers -- we need lots more. The truth is the hotels are running in this down mid-week, 20%, 25%, 30%; weekends, 50%, 60%. That doesn't work. They are only coming unless you can drive in market, so along the markets, such as international, but throughout the U.S. -- actually, we've had a very high-yielding, very strong customers because our marketing team has incented. We bought some great business in using our airplanes and our marketing, our lists. We see actually a very strong high end play in both slots and tables. Extraordinary amounts of players gone through here. The problem is, as you know, it takes a lot of different segments to make this company make a $0.5 billion in Las Vegas we did last year. We don't have any convention business, there's no yield on the week -- mid-week on the rumor side. You're seeing strong FIT demand weakened, but there's nothing else in there but FIT. Strong high-end casino demand. Our numbers might surprise you because you know how good they are in terms of the slot machines and the table yields. We're not -- yes, there's things in driving business, which is not very high demand gaming side. But again, Vegas has morphed into a hospitality-driven market. And I think a lot of people is confusing. Even people operate here surprised me sometimes that they're surprised how soft it is. Without the hotel being full, without the convention driving the rates midweek, without the bankrupt piece, we did here almost $200 million in banquet sales and massive margins. It's just very hard for our model to work, and I assume that's true in the entire marketplace. If you're running a large-scale building, like most of these buildings are, you're not getting by on gaming win, no matter how good it is. You're not getting by with 30%, 40% occupancy. If you're making money on a weekend, which we can, you're losing it back midweek, which we all do. And I don't think that picture is different from most. Just this company has been such an incredible success story in the convention banquet segments. We've driven so much business here. I mean, last year, again, I think we broke a 0.5 billion of EBITDA. But to do that, you can't run a hotel with these kind of occupancies. You can't run a no banquet facility. You can't rely on high rollers. It just doesn't work. Those days, in 1967 left. And so this is a new business in Las Vegas. And what allows you to build these multibillion-dollar buildings is the true IR nature of what Sheldon authored 20 years ago. I mean this town has moved away from the gaming dependent to a very diversified plan. And I don't know how you fix it until you get airlift that enables you and groups that feel comfortable coming back here and banquets coming back here, and that's just a fact of life, and I don't think we're alone in this thinking. So we remain hopeful that things will turn. But the Las Vegas year in July of 2020 is a very difficult place. And I hope it gets better, but that's the truth of the market today.
Jared Shojaian: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: We're now down to our last question of the day from David Katz from Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Katz: Hi, good morning -- good afternoon, I should say. Look, we all may have our own set of beliefs as to why the demand will be there once the access is available. Can you just talk about what discussions, or any data you've collected? What -- why you're convinced that the demand will be there as many of us are? 
Rob Goldstein: Are you talking about, David, Macao? 
David Katz: Yes, in Macao.
Rob Goldstein: Look, you're talking to -- has been going to Macao for almost 40 years. And I don't think anybody is going there and see what I've seen could have any other rational belief. There's a number of factors. One is the propensity of gamble remains among the highest in the world. Two, Macao is a very seductive place. It has all the things you want. It's got high quality retail, high quality restaurants, high quality lodging. It's got enormous casino. They're plentiful and diverse. It's very accessible. And they can't go anywhere else. I mean, frankly, they're locked down, just like we are. No one's going to Europe. No one is going to the U.S. So if you're an affluent Chinese person, and Macao is such a -- it's become such a compelling place to visit. I mean, when I went there in the 1980s, it was all different world. In 2019, it's a stunning world of opulence, food, entertainment, retail. It has all the things that are seductive to tourists. So I have no doubt in my mind, not a -- I always doubt that Macao, when those doors open up, we'll see a lot of crane towards come back. The only good point to is do you believe the economy has weakened the consumer's ability to gamble, that's the call all you can make individually. I believe that will come back strong, again convinced Macao reservoir’s quickly. Also, you should be advised, and I think you know this, that this virus for the U.S. is very difficult, I hear all the time, Americans wearing a mask, having your temperature, it's all so foreign to people in the U.S. It's so confusing. I was -- the story of there was that we got mask, they may put a mask, particular Walgreens was wearing mask and she was screaming about her first member right. It was a bizarre situation. It's not the case in Asia. People are very comfortable in mask, it's normal part of life there. So you have that factor, which is they're more comfortable with this virus environment. They've lived through it. They understand it. They wear a mask to comply and walk around Hong Kong today. So I think that bodes well as well. But again, I would land on Macao itself. It's such a wonderful place for the Chinese tours. They offer so many wonderful amenities. I have no concern at all, saying that wall comes down, that border wall comes down in terms of IVS, and they allow provinces open back up, I remain completely convinced that, that business will come back very quickly, and it'll come back in multiple segments. The two caveats, I think, would be, one, higher view of the junket business is a bit confusing right now. And two, do you believe the consumer has adequate spending money in their pocket to partake. I think they do. So I feel very -- as good as I feel about Macao, I just wait for that day to happen to be validated. But that's one person's opinion, but I believe it's a shared sentiment among those who have been to Macao many, many times and watch that place in action. 
David Katz: And, as I have and I would agree that Macao is far more exciting than Walgreens. If I can just follow that up and -- if there are ways in which you're discussing what the new normal will look like or any aspects of the business that may change, that may have an impact or benefit on your ability to operate once it does open, that may incur some costs or maybe not, I'd love your updated perspective on that.
Rob Goldstein: I think it will look like a lot of things here in the U.S. Won’t look that different, will it. You'll see we're wearing masks. You're going to see temperature checks. You'll see extreme cleaning. But by the way, it happened pretty much -- it's been happening for years in Asia with the -- since the SARS times. It's a much different -- one of the most fascinating things I ever saw in Macao was, the smoking rooms. When I first went there, everyone was worried smoking would decimate the market and you can't smoke. They're not going to come, and everyone's was convinced. Well, what's hilarious to me was, they all stood in the smoking room smoking, making best of smoking room, dictating to a guy, that, this, that, that. It didn't deter Macau people from gambling. It didn't deter the Chinese consumer. The COVID virus, they'll accept the fact there's risk, they’ll wear the mask, they're very compliant and they'll do right thing as far as being respectful of social distancing. It may be impactful in terms of the table counts, table occupancies, and that will be an issue. We're fortunate we have 1,500, 1,600 table games there and thousands and thousands slot machines. So, do I think it's going to be hurtful? Maybe in weekends when we're full capacity, and the place is jammed, yes, possibly. But I look forward to addressing those problems when they happen.
David Katz: All right. Thank you for taking my questions.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-22 16:30:00) =====
Company Representatives: Sheldon Adelson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Robert Goldstein - President, Chief Operating Officer Patrick Dumont - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Daniel Briggs - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Las Vegas Sands, First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Daniel Briggs. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you very much. Joining me on the call today are Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Patrick Dumont, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the safe harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release. Please note that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you please respect our request to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question, so we might allow everyone with interest the opportunity to participate. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me turn the call over to Mr. Adelson.
Sheldon Adelson: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I hope all of you, your friends and families are in good health during these challenging times. The COVID-19 pandemic is unlike anything I've ever seen in my business career. While this pandemic brings many challenges, it also presents each of us with an opportunity to make a difference and to provide assistance to all those who have been impacted.  Our company is fortunate to have the financial strength to enable us to focus our efforts on the safety and security of our team members and customers, and are making a difference to those in need in each of our host communities in Macao, Singapore and Las Vegas.  We don't know how long this pandemic will last, but we are confident that travel and tourism spending in each of our markets and around the world will eventually recover. As surely as day follows night, people will travel again, shop again, come together again to enjoy entertainment and social interaction, to exchange ideas and to conduct business. Focusing on the support for our team members and communities today will position us to recover more quickly as the impact of the pandemic eventually subsides; it is also the right thing to do.  Our optimism about an eventual recovery, coupled with our financial strength enables us to continue the execution of our previously announced capital investment programs in both Macao and Singapore. We believe these investments will strengthen our leadership position in each of these markets and will provide a larger platform for future growth with travel and tourism spending eventually recovering.  In Macao we are making great progress in our $2.2 billion capital investment program with The Londoner Macao and The Grand Suites at Four Seasons. In addition to these large projects with which you are already familiar, we’re moving full speed ahead with a number of other investments which we think will increase both the effectiveness and the diversification of our integrated resorts portfolio.  Now is not the time to pause or slow down investment in Macao. We see the opportunity and possess both the financial strength and the strategic commitment to make additional investments. With our effort to accelerate investment in Macao, we intend to play our part in supporting the local economy in the short term and ensure we are in the leading position to capture the eventual recovery in tourism spending. I remain steadfast in my belief that Macao has the opportunity to become one of the greatest business and leisure tourism destinations in the world, and the MICE capital of Asia.  As I've said on many occasions, we welcome the opportunity to invest billions of dollars and additional investment and contribute to Macao’s diversification and evolution into Asia’s leading leisure and business tourism destination.  Turning to our investment in the expansion of Marina Bay Sands, Singapore, we remain excited to be a part of Singapore's continued growth, as a leading business and tourism – and leisure tourism destination. We continue to make progress on the MBS expansion. We’ll provide additional updates in the future. We will also continue to reinvest in Marina Bay Sands to enhance the customer experience in advance of the expansion.  Finally, turning to Las Vegas, the eventual recovery could take more time here than in Asia, but we are confident that Las Vegas’s best days are ahead of it and that Las Vegas will remain the greatest leisure and business tourism destination in the United States.  Let me now spend a moment on capital allocation. Maintaining a strong balance sheet makes great business sense, while we weather the storm caused by this pandemic. The balance sheet strength will enable us to invest in promising future growth opportunities and we’re positioning our company to deliver industry leading growth in the years ahead.  While we have suspended our dividend program, we remain confident that the recovery in travel and tourism spending, and the strength of our business model will enable us to deliver both growth and the return of capital to shareholders in the future. I assure you I have not said ‘yay dividends and yay buybacks’ for the last time. I'm looking forward to saying them again and hopefully very soon.  Thank you for joining us on the call today and now we’ll take questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Joe Greff with J.P. Morgan. You may now ask your question.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon everybody.
A - Sheldon Adelson: Yeah, hi Joe.
Joe Greff: Hope all of you and your families are well and healthy. So my first question relates I guess to things that we would Macao travel impediments or restrictions, IBS, Airlift, Ferry, the quarantine imposition by Guangdong. I know this is a tough question, but do you have a sense of when those things start to get relaxed and then maybe more importantly than timing on those four buckets, more on how those things will eventually roll out. 
A - Sheldon Adelson: This is Sheldon. I can only quote some of the rumors that we've heard. We have nothing positive and nothing definite, but the rumors we've heard that it's going to start in sometimes the middle or end of May. 
Robert Goldstein: Joe just to elaborate. I think to Sheldon's point, we follow the same sources you do, perhaps ours a little better. We do believe there'll be some opening in May perhaps or June we're hopeful, but as you know it won't be a flick of the switch and it’s all different timing to which provinces.  We’re hoping for first the IBS is reinstated, that’s pivotal, and then the 14 day quarantine for re-entry into China is equally important as you know. I think the IBS, the first place in the 14 day quarantine, the first place we’ll see some bright lights will be in Guangdong and then provinces will follow throughout the summer. It won't be one flick of the switch and all provinces open equally. I think though as you know Guangdong is pivotal. Once that's open, it opens the door for others to follow.  It will be a gradual process and the one thing we're grateful for is that the majority of our income is derived from Asia, which as you know has been through these situations, be it SARS or be it Swine Flu or in the past they are more conversant with the problems and so we think the recovery there is going to be back to gambling, back to visitation, will come rather quickly, but it will come in gradual phases throughout the summer. It will be Guangdong and then other provinces to follow. Airlift maybe still muted for a while in terms of how much - I think trains will be running.  We feel pretty confident we’ll be back to a much better place this summer and then a much better place in the fall, and we have seen evidence of pent up demand like crazy from our customers who are asking when and we talk to them pretty regularly. So we feel pretty good about the return of Macao first, far beyond what we're going to see in the U.S.
Joe Greff: Excellent! Great! And then just another question related to Macao and maybe this is a question for Patrick or Dan on the call. Thank you for including in the slide deck the monthly OpEx for Macao, the $110 million. How much of that $110 million relate to the premium and base mass segment? And so in other words, you know when that – those segment's come back, you're looking at incremental margins much higher than say the 35% to 36% that the margins are overall. So in other words, what would those margins be at that 35% plus be without those fixed charges that you're currently sustaining without much revenue growth or much revenue? 
Patrick Dumont : Hey Joe, it’s Patrick; thanks for the question. I think if you look back at our margin over the last couple of years, as the premium mass and mass business grew, those margin areas are probably appropriate for a recovery under normal run rate conditions. And so if you think about our expenses broken into categories, our largest expense is really gaming tax, which is variable, followed by our payroll which is not, and then a whole host of other things related to property operations, fixed property costs and things related to just general consumables.  And so some of those things are variables, but it will be very hard to characterize and say a particular market segment would result when it started back in you know call it higher margins because of this trough. And I think the way to think about it is, we've been very focused on managing towards margins over the last couple of years anyway. And so the team there and through our work together, we've been very focused on increasing our cash flow as we grew revenue in higher margin segments.  So I don't think you should look at a rebound through a particular segment and say that will expand margins. I think what you can do is take a look at this and say our business already had plenty of leverage in it. We have plenty of liquidity to manage through this very difficult time, and then when things do rebound we’ll continue to be focused on margins as we were before and look to control the costs that we can control. And I think to look at it on a segment basis would be difficult, because in reality we have to open the properties.  And so you know we're going to have strength in every segment. I'd like to believe that when things recover we're going to see that strength that we saw in 2019 and 2018 and the years before. We had a great trajectory heading into 2020 and I'd like to believe that we’ll continue to maintain the very strong operating leverage that we had on a run rate basis when things recover. 
Joe Greff: Great, thank you so much guys. 
Patrick Dumont : Thanks Joe. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. You may now ask your question.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi! Thank you so much. Great to hear you all, and Sheldon, definitely wanted to thank you and the company for all you've done to get important PPE to the healthcare workers out there. So Patrick…
A - Sheldon Adelson: I’m sorry. I didn’t hear what you said.
Felicia Hendrix: I just – I was thanking you for all that you and the company have done to get the important PPE to healthcare workers. 
A - Sheldon Adelson: Great, thank you. 
Felicia Hendrix: Yeah, thank you.
Sheldon Adelson: We’re still doing it. We got a plane – we have sent four more 747 trips to go to China to pick up more of the masks and PPE. So listen, something we do like that potentially saves lives and it's nothing for us, particularly the fuel – the cost of fuel is nothing. So we could fly over there and come back at a very low cost. 
Felicia Hendrix: That's great. Patrick, just to stay on the topic of the OpEx and the monthly cash burn, one of the things that we've kind of struggled with as we’ve tried to model in you know a gradual recovery is kind of how to flex that cash burn. So you know obviously you're not going to go from 110 back to your full run rate, right, and it's going to ramp up. So is the right way to think about it is just kind of like – and I know that most of its – a lot of it’s variable, so the way we’re thinking about it is like to just kind of like pro-rata, like run it, rate it versus in terms of how like you're ramping up.  So is that the right way to think about it and more importantly I'm wondering you know, as you kind of work to really mitigate costs as you've been in almost like shutdown mode, are there things that are going to kind of stick or are there going to be cost mitigation efforts that you've made now that are going to benefit you in the future. 
Patrick Dumont : So, kind of a two part question there. You know, I appreciate the detail. I think the way to think about margin recovery is that when you look as it part of an uncontrolled operating expenses, you know call it across ’19. That represents a little bit more than 60% of our total expense structure. And so when you think about that and you think about sort of our controlling operating expenses, that was kind of in the 38% context.  And so what you'll see is that those uncontrollable expenses which are mostly gaming tax, which actually was about 60% of that, you know of that little more than 60, about 60% of that is gaming tax, that's really going to drive the way the margins look, because we will start getting operating leverage. So if you think about that other 38% that's controllable, some of that’s variable.  Our payroll, although you’d say that it was something that is under control, you know we've taken the [doctor] [ph] and that we want to keep our team together, and so that's something that we're very focused on. So when you think of our two largest expenses as the gaming tax and as the payroll, you can kind of walk into what that margin might look like during this, call it transition period of ramp up.  So will we run, you know call it the 33% EBITDA margin we were running before right out the gate? Unless there's an immediate snapback recovery, that might be a little challenged. But when you look at the expenses that we have controlled and you look at the marketing expenses and the way that we look at the other parts of the business, we've been able to control costs in a very disciplined way. You know we went – you know the business has experienced other troughs before and we've always managed expenses to ensure liquidity and to ensure the proper recovery when it comes around.  And so I think, are there some margin opportunities? Sure, but I think it also depends on what segment comes back and when. As you know that the junket segment is obviously much lower margin and less contribution, providing then the mass and premium mass segment. So if we get huge volumes of mass business, our margins are going to look tremendous right out of the gate.  So I think for us a lot of it depends on what segment of the business you call the recovery on first. So I think given that expense structure, given the – your view that you may have on recovery of the business, you can kind of formulate a transitional margin process for the business. 
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, that's really helpful, thank you. And Patrick, this is probably also for you as well. You know obviously you guys have been doing a lot of stress testing on the company, led you to the dividend decision. Just wondering, you know how deeply have the stress tests cut into the liquidity cushion, and would you be willing to take on more debt? And if so, where would you see that maxing out and then what milestones would you have to reach to reinstate the dividend? 
Patrick Dumont : So I'll leave the last part of the question for the Chairman, since that's really something that falls to him, but I think the key thing for us here is that as we mentioned before in prior earnings calls, is we’re very focused on looking at the liquidity of the company; very focused on looking at the long term objectives of the Chairman.  Our highest and best use of capital is reinvestment in high-growth projects, and if you look at our track record on return on invested capital and the projects that our Chairman has led, it's tremendous. And so our goal is to preserve that liquidity and also to continue and invest in our key markets to drive that high ROIC, and so if you look at the Chairman's notes and the strategies he’s laid out, we are continuing to invest in these markets to ensure that we get the high returns going forward when the market does recover.  That being said, we look at a variety of scenarios. We have a lot of different downside cases, a lot of different liquidity scenarios, a lot of different CapEx scenarios, so that we ensure we can analyze things to a satisfactory in which the Board feels comfortable making a decision with the Chairman and that's what we've done here.  So if you look at page eight in the deck, you can see that we’ve laid out the cash and available liquidity. You can see that right now under the current conditions as we presented them, we can go more than 18 months and invest in completing the projects in Macao and continue along with Marina Bay Sands new developments, and so that's very encouraging for us. We feel very strong about our balance sheet position, our Board feels very confident in our ability to weather the storm.  And that being said, if for some reason we felt like we needed access to the capital markets, we spend a lot of time working to ensure that we had access to the most deep and most liquid market in the world, which is the high grade bond market, and so as an investment grade company, the investment grade bond market opened very quickly after the impacts of coronavirus hit the capital markets, and issuers do have access, and we feel very comfortable at our ability.  We feel great about the high grade markets and at some point if the Board makes a determination with management that it makes sense to raise additional equity, we’ll have the ability to do so, we're very confident about that. But at this time we're very comfortable with our liquidity on-hand; we’ve shown the analysis on page eight and you know we're looking forward to a strong recovery, so we can benefit from the huge CapEx developments that we've been undertaking during this time.  And then one last question, I think the second part of that, was that you directed something that would probably best be answered by the Chairman, which is kind of view on dividends and when the dividends may come back and what that looks like. And so if that’s okay, Sheldon, I’ll turn the call back to you. 
A - Sheldon Adelson: Thank you, Patrick. We will reinstate the dividend after discussing it with the Board of Directors. When things get back to where we were, it’s very simple. I don't think it's a long time away. If the rumors are – Macao is a big percentage of our, both GGI, Gross Gaming Income and our EBITDA, and I think that is the level that will come back first. Then probably Singapore and Vegas, in that order perhaps.  So if what Rob says is true, the people are dying and anxious to get back to – no, we don't want them to die – get back to Macao to enjoy themselves, then it should come back sooner rather than later.  Listen, I'm the largest shareholder, my family and I, and we want the dividend reinstated more than you do. So if you could see the amount of money that we're not getting, I would certainly like to have that in our savings account, so we’ll reinstate the dividend as soon as we get back to earning some money. 
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, thank you very much. 
Sheldon Adelson: You're welcome. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line as Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. You may now ask your question.
Thomas Allen: Thank you. So I think we’re all trying to figure out what the business is going to look like in the future when things come back. Macao reopened at the end of February and there were a couple weeks there before the travel restrictions went to place in Guangdong and got stricter Macao. Can you just qualitatively talk to us about what business was like then and how social distancing measure has impacted your business?  And on a similar vein, can you just talk about how Singapore was performing? I know you put the monthly numbers on slide seven, but just qualitatively how social distancing measures were impacting Singapore during the time period before it closed. Thank you. 
Robert Goldstein: Thomas, it's Rob. I think in Singapore social distancing did have an impact, because we’re limited there in terms of size of the operation. I think we’ll have an impact on Singapore in the future. The question is how long those social distancing [inaudible] stay in place and we just don't know, but it will have an impact, negative in terms of Singapore. In Macao I think we’re in a much different position because the scale and size of operations enable us to – we have so much square footage there and so many more slots and tables that I think we can do much better business in Macao than in Singapore vis-à-vis social distancing. But I think that the area you talked about, the time periods obviously were impacted not just by social distancing, but you know demand slowed because it was more difficult to get there and there was more concerns about access and it was a confusing time in both markets in terms of visas getting in, getting out of quarantine. I don't think it's an adequate snapshot when rebound comes.  I think once in Macao we opened the doors back up in the 14 day quarantine and the IBS team is back in place. I think we'll be able to do quite well and the social distance will have a minimal impact in Macao, again the size and scale of our operations in the numerous table slots and square footage.  I think in Singapore we’re going to have a lot of demand. I spoke to the team this morning and they were laughing about the amount of people calling to complain about the fact we’re closed and want to come gamble. I do believe we'll see a lot of demand in Singapore. I am concerned that may have a negative impact. I cannot tell you obviously what that'll be, but I think we’ll have more demand come this summer, especially come fall, and Singapore could be adversely impacted by social distancing, so it remains to be seen. 
Thomas Allen: Nice job. And then just as my follow up, when you announced the dividend cut, in the prepared commented it said miscellaneous [ph] and I think you wrote, ‘I see many strategic opportunities for our company precisely because our financial strength.’ Could we just have some more detail on this comment? I think some people are interpreting it to imply that you would be interested in M&A. Is that the right perception? I think Patrick talked about high growth opportunities earlier. I just want to clarify those comments.
A - Sheldon Adelson: I'd like to reaffirm what you're thinking. It does mean that we're interested in M&A. One of the reasons why we're the biggest and we've got the best balance sheet in the industry, our market cap up until this – till this virus came, was equal to the combined market capital of all our competitors in the U.S. combined. So it's – I'm not going to give up on developing integrated resorts. I'm going to add on to our strategic thinking or strategic priorities that we can acquire, because most of the other companies, one, don't have the balance sheet that we do, and they don't have the potential market that we do, and we can go in and acquire one or more operations that if – of course the price has to be right and so are now taken on the strategy of both acquiring and building and developing. 
Thomas Allen: And if I can just quickly follow up on that, any changes to your views on what markets you'd like to be in? 
Sheldon Adelson: Not really, but we've always wanted – we’ve always said that Asia is the best place for us. Because number one, in this virus shutdown the agents have been through this for a long time, for several times, so they are used to it. And when it opens up again, they're just going to come back and continue, maybe at a higher pace to make up for lost time that they have experienced. So Asia has got the population, is the most inclined to play, to gamble than other populations. So it looks like if we can find something good in Asia we'd certainly like to do that. 
Thomas Allen: Thank you. 
Sheldon Adelson: Either to acquire or to build. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Steven Wieczynski with Stifel. You may now ask your question. 
Steven Wieczynski: Yeah you guys, good afternoon. Rob so maybe you can help us think about the Vegas market a little bit at this point, but obviously with what's going on, you probably have seen a drastic slowdown in convention traffic. But wanted to you know understand what you're seeing in terms of the folks that did have convention meetings on the book. Are they willing to rebook at a later date or are they holding out at this point? 
Rob Goldstein : Yeah, good question. We see a different path in Vegas than in Asia. Again, Sheldon referenced not the comfort, but the exposure Asia’s had to the viruses and these kinds of things. As you know when your applying to Asia, you know temperature testing and mass are kind of the way it works over there anyway. So I think that the U.S. has never experienced on our shores these kinds of thing.  So as it relates to the group market, I'm surprised. I just talked to George this morning, who runs our building here, George Markantonis. He's saying strong demand in August from multiple groups and he feels the demand is there. The question is going to be Airlift in the Las Vegas. I don't know how Airlift will look in the 90 days. I don't know how you know the economic impact in terms of how Americans will spend money to think about being here, but group business appears to be out there for August and into the fall. They are not canceling the 21; they are rebooking into late summer and fall. I think demands there – I spoke to some of our competitors, the same thinking applies there.  I don’t think Vegas has a problem with getting whose back into place. That we have the proper social distancing, the proper etiquette in place to protect people, and I think that's going to be, it looked like Asia which is a lot of social distance, a lot of controls to make sure it's as safe as we can make it, cleanliness and etcetera. But apparently George thinks the demand is there and I've heard that from multiple companies in town. I thought they’ll push back in ’21, but they haven’t. Its August, September, October and November pretty strong demand, so…
Sheldon Adelson: I can tell your coming from that business myself. This is Sheldon. They can't – a lot of the companies, both private and association wise are relying upon their shows to expand their own businesses and to do what it is they usually do with the show; research, recruitment, etcetera, and so they don't want to give up on that. It’s not - we can only have it at this time, and we can – if we don’t have it at this time, we are not going to ever have it again, that's not the case at all. We don’t have it and make up for the loss of time as soon as they possibly can. 
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, got you. And then Patrick, you give a lot of color around the dividend, the dividend cut and maybe this is for you or Sheldon, but was there ever the thought – I mean it seems like your liquidity position is very strong, your balance is very strong. Was there every the thought of keeping some small dividend in place just to maybe keep a little bit of a different investor base included in your stock for the time being or is it always just kind of 100% cut or keep it? 
Sheldon Adelson : This is not – this is Sheldon. We haven't eliminated the dividend, we’ve just suspended it, and yes, we could come down to a cut rather than a total suspension. We'll see what happens; how fast we open places and what kind of income we are going to experience.  Listen, I’m in your – we are all in the same boat. As I said, I own the largest amount of stock, my family and I, of anybody and I want to see the dividend recover and to maintain it as long as possible. 
Steven Wieczynski: Okay, great. Thanks guys, I appreciate it. 
Sheldon Adelson: You’re welcome. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. You may now ask your question. 
Shaun Kelley : Hi, good afternoon and I want to echo the sentiments that I hope everybody's safe and healthy. Just wanted to follow-up on maybe the Singapore recovery, because this market is – you know it's relatively unique to Las Vegas Sands. I appreciate all the extra color and disclosure you gave there. Can you maybe Rob give us a little bit more color on just sort of the current customer mix there and how you expect maybe that to trend as Asia kind of reopens, maybe between you know kind of your VIP customers and a little bit of the mass market there. Where's it coming from and how do you think the source markets are going to react in that market. 
Robert Goldstein: Well, currently as you know the customer mix there is zero since we are closed till June 1. The team is pretty confident that we'll get opened in June. It doesn't pretty much concern that it will be extended beyond this. They seem like they can – had you saw the journal this morning, the majority of the problem is in the – has been isolated. I think Paul and Andrew and all the guys there told me this morning, they feel pretty confident we’ll open in June. So local market was thriving and they think we’ll thrive. In fact they were talking about the amount of people calling to complain that they couldn't gambles. We feel pretty confident that the local market will bounce back immediately, and be pretty strong actually because it's an activity people enjoy being part of in Singapore and we are very confident that rebounds really quickly in June too.  The local market, these foreign local markets, meeting Indonesia, Malaysia, I’m not too strong on, because I think that those countries are facing challenges. I'm not sure the borders will even be open to those people, but I feel less aggressive in terms of rebound of our local market thus far and meeting again the countries nearby. Indonesia, Malaysia, a bit of struggle right now. I think we’ll be slow to see t that return. I think we’ll be quick to see return to China, if we get open, the border is open and the Chinese are able to come. I think that will cover rather quickly.  I think Singapore becomes positive right away in June, and then ramps up throughout the summer, but it will miss some key elements of local foreign markets surrounding the neighborhood.  I don't think Malaysia or Indonesia will be simple to get back to Singapore for the summer. I do think China and local play will be strong. I know local play will be strong because it drove our business prior to closing and we hear anecdotally that people are really frustrated and want to go back to gambling in the casinos.  Well, also as you mentioned, you know Shaun you know, you've been to Asia enough, but the idea of wearing a mask or social distancing or thermometer checks will not be difficult for the customers in local Singaporeans, nor Chinese's visitors, they'll except it, they’ll deal with it and as you know the high end bankrupt business anyway is people in rooms two or three and in large rooms, so no problem there.  The only thing I'm concerned about is, if we get into a mass business, there again quickly is what we may lose – the spread can be difficult vis-à-vis the main gaming floor, because we'll be social distancing the slot machines etcetera. But once again, like a lot of markets we have a lot of very high end who play both slot ETG and table. I think we accommodate.  We may be at risks where it relates to masses of people coming in and the slot machines not having enough capacity and saying the tables mass. No risk on the high end mass or risk on the mass.  And again, I think Singapore is going to be like Macao, quick to recover. Unlike the U.S. which I think is more drastic and slower. Their ability to acclimate to this environment has improved in the past. They've lived through SARS, they’ve lived through Swine Flu, they’ve lived through a lot of things and they always are going to come back and they come back much quicker than we anticipate.  So we feel bullish with the caveat that you know our foreign business around us, our neighbor's foreign business might be pushed back into the fall and not be there. We feel strongly our high end Chinese business will cover rather quickly. We know it will, because the demand is there. 
Shaun Kelley : Great! I really appreciate all the detail on that Rob. And then sort of the other way to split out the trajectory recovery in Macao, I think you talked a little bit about the restrictions there and the difficult read in March, but did you see so what we were able to see in March. I mean was it really that VIP was the only thing or was the primary market that was available at that time, just given the broader travel restrictions, is that kind of the way to read the data that we have thus far. Is that kind of what – a little bit of what you saw in that market just so we can characterize it for investors?
Robert Goldstein : Yeah, I wish I can give you a better color, but we just saw such a turn down, now that the business has turned out. People – I read these things, at the high end people will come back first or the premium mass to come back to the mass mass. I don't think we saw evidence of that in those two weeks. I think is was so confusing and the restrictions etcetera.  I just don’t think there was good evidence of what’s going to happen in the future. What I do believe is that China is going back to work, they're going back to travel and when the IVS and the 14 day quarantine are taken away, I think all segments come back and come back rather healthy. I think by – you know by late summer, early fall we are going to see some nice profitability out of our Asia properties. By late fall, by you know thanksgiving or October, I think you’ll see very strong return to a better time over there.  We feel just extremely confident that Asia gets better quicker and you are seeing already in China with the travel restrictions being eased. What I don't know is the province by province access into Macao, how that will happen, but it will happen and I think there's been a strong claim made by the Macao government to get started, they're hoping to see the restrictions eased.  I just don't think the two weeks, three weeks could be really a strong indicator of how it’s going to come back. I think it comes back across all segments. I'm not a believer it's just going to be the high end. I believe it’s going to need plenty of mass people as well. 
Shaun Kelley : Thanks Rob. The optimism is definitely refreshing, so I appreciate it. 
Robert Goldstein : Thank you, we're optimistic. The world will recover. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line in Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. You may ask your question. 
Stephen Grambling: Hi, good afternoon. I’ll eco the well wishes to all of you and your families and also Felicia’s on the personal protective equipment as my wife is actually one of those healthcare workers needing it, so thank you.  My first question is a follow-up on the comments around M&A. Can you elaborate on the guidelines that may dictate whether you would pursue individual assets versus whole companies? How willing regulators may or may not be to these types of transactions and where you generally would expect the biggest synergy potential? 
Robert Goldstein : Sheldon, you want to take that or do you want us to take it here in the office. 
Sheldon Adelson: Take it there. 
Patrick Dumont : Okay. So its Patrick, and thanks for the question. I think you know one thing that you should sort of look at in terms of the lens we might examine M&A up through – it’s just on our long term views on returns, and so you the Chairman has been very strict about the way we deploy capital in order to ensure that we get the right returns to justify things and that's always been true in developments and it will certainly be true through any M&A transactions.  And so I think the way we are thinking about it is, and from the discussions that we've had, just around trying to be opportunistic, we are looking to see high quality assets where they are in key markets where it may be cheaper to buy them to build, and you may find something that is attractive and fits into our overall strategy in the long run, and I think we're going to be very returns focused.  Clearly our industry is heavily regulated and we're going to have to ensure a proper compliance as we always do, and we are going to have to look very carefully at those opportunities in that context. And I think you know it's not as if this is something that will happen immediately. This is going to evolve over time and we’re going to have an opportunity to take a very hard and disciplined look and see if any of those opportunities are attractive to the Chairman of the board. And so I think that's kind of how we'll think about it. 
Stephen Grambling: Thanks and then maybe a follow-up on Shaun’s question around Marina Bay Sands. You talked to the revenue trajectory, but can you just remind us of the puts and takes that might impact that property's margins relative to others as we think about the reramp since it looks like you had very solid margins this quarter and it looks like even the OpEx per day in the zero revenue is better than peers. Thanks. 
Patrick Dumont: So I think overall in Marina Bay Sands, the margins in that property are really tremendous. I think a lot of that has to do with the original strategy that goes back to the Chairman’s view that creating a very high quality with integrated resorts and multi-amenities to the highest level would produce high margins, and you see the results since the history of the opening of the property. That strategy has been spot on and it’s really delivered. It's been a tremendous asset and has driven tourism and has really contributed to the market of Singapore, and I think it's been great.  I think to Rob's comments earlier, we know that there's a lot of pent-up demand and you know I think the opportunity here for us is to look at it for the long run. I think we're very focused on deploying capital there. We have a bunch of projects to help it enhance and improve the offering at Marina Bay Sands that we think will be margin enhancing and cash flow enhancing.  I think we're very focused on the development in Tower 2. You know the Chairman's vision there is great and we're very excited to get that arena open. We think that will add to the tourism offering of Singapore. We already have some market test about that, because we have the – you know we obviously have the arena in Macao that we operate and it's a great tourism asset and it works very well with the mass business and premium mass business. So we see a corollary there in Singapore where we can drive significant visitation from the around and catchment area out of that arena.  So I think if you look at Singapore over the next couple years, we're going to see what we hope is very high value returns on the new deployed capital, in a market that continues to maintain very high margin structure. And so, while we don’t know exactly the pace of recovery that we’ll see today, we do know that in the long run and as Rob said when things were covered because of the demand, we're going to be poised to take advantage of it and continue to deliver very high margins and strong cash flow. So that's kind of how we think of that. 
Stephen Grambling: Thanks so much for all the color and perspectives. Best of luck! 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. You may now ask your question. 
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, thank you. Thanks everyone for the comments. I think this one’s probably best for you, as you think about kind of the near to medium term and maybe make the assumption that specifically in the Macao I would imagine the two sub-segments of your gaming business will ramp at different speeds. Have you guys adjust strategically at all to maybe pivot business over more towards a VIP customer that might be more pronounced [inaudible] or do not see it that way. 
Robert Goldstein : We had a little problem hearing you. Are you saying that – we couldn’t catch all that. But you are saying that you think VIPs are going to ramp much quicker than mass? 
Carlo Santarelli : Well, I'm asking if that is your opinion and then if you came in the business at all differently. So I kind of wanted to read your perspective on that? 
Robert Goldstein : No, we’re not going to think that way. We believe the mass premium – we believe the pent-up demand is real in all segments and if anything, I think it will be a mistake to think that way. We believe this is going to open up to a lot of business come this summer and the fall.  The social distance, we’ll have to work through, but I think Asians and Chinese are as they open that market up, open their country up, as those quarantine barriers come down and the IBS comes up, I do think we are going to see a return on all segments. We are pretty confident the Macao is also making some money this summer, and a lot of money come fall. And again I'll be redundant here, but the Asians, we've never seen this kind of a virus on our shores here in the U.S. where we’ve kind of taken aback and shell shocked by it. Asia has seen it numerous times, they understand it, they dealt with it.  You guys Hong Kong is open and operating. It never closed in terms of retail and restaurants and they're walking around with gloves and mask and sanitizers and temperature checks. Everything is open in Hong Kong in terms of the restaurants retail and I think their statistics are pretty excellent relative to the rest of the world. They can deal with it and Macao will deal with it and I think visitation will be – I think it'll be a mistake to try to handicap which segment is back first. I think they all come back and we're pretty anxious to see that happen in the 60 days with the first phase and then hopefully by late summer it really kicks in all the way.  Our job is to provide a safe environment for our employees and for our customers, so they keep coming and there is no reinfection. But again, unlike the U.S. which I think people are concerned, even Nevada are having a hard time getting opened again, because the people are so scared and don’t have any idea.  Hong Kong, right now you can go out for dinner, you can go shopping. So they’ve kind of come to terms with much more comfortably than we have. But I think it's a mistake to try to figure out which segment resurrects quickest. I think they all come back pretty quickly. 
Carlo Santarelli : Great! Thank you, that’s helpful. And just one follow-up as it pertains to Marina Bay Sands. It looks like just timing of CapEx has shifted a little bit up to where it was. Could you guys just kind of provide an outline for maybe the key milestones of that project and how you kind of foresee the construction process? 
Robert Goldstein : Sorry, are you referring – so page 11 has our CapEx expectations in the slide presentation. You’re referring to the expansion, so the new Tower for Marina Bay Sands? 
Carlo Santarelli : Yeah, just in terms of the timeline of construction and what not. 
Robert Goldstein : So I think what we’ve laid out here is pretty consistent with our thinking today. I think we're really not going to start any heavy expenditure until the back half of ’21, and then we'll sort of follow as quick an execution schedule as we can follow. It's funny, the Chairman always says to us, ‘You know I build a Venetian in less than two years. You guys should do the same.’ So we are going to do the best that we can do to be as aggressive as we can be, because really we want to add these assets to the tourism portfolio of Singapore as quickly as possible.  Tokyo, I think if you look in Macao, and you look at kind of the trajectory of our latest projects, which was really from the ground up the Parisian, you can kind of see the distribution there in some of our prior presentations about how CapEx progressed. Some of that is influenced by labor availability. You know in Singapore we’d like to believe that in this particular market we’ll have the ability to pursue the schedule we’ve kind of laid out there where the majority is coming across ’22, clean up in ‘23 and then we'll see what happens. Maybe there’ll be some in ‘24 as of right now, we're not sure.  So I think our goal is to try to get this thing open as quickly as possible once we get the proper approvals from the government of Singapore, you know with obviously with their support. And just to highlight, we do have a delayed draw financing for that project and so that project is financed in advance and it's the same bank group that we've been with for years that also holds the credit facility there in Singapore.  So we're continuing to make progress; we are working on a time line there; we are trying to work as quickly as we can given the current environment and you know we'll continue to keep you updated in upcoming quarters, but we’d like to pursue the schedule as aggressively as we can. 
Patrick Dumont: For what it's worth Carlo, we also built and when we do open-up this summer, our Four Seasons is fully opened, operational to a 90 keys and then by the end we’ll have the London done as far as the outside and not the façade. So we're moving quickly. We have 3,000 workers on site right now to finish those projects. 
Carlo Santarelli: Great! Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Instinet. You may now ask your question. 
Harry Curtis: Good afternoon everyone. First question had to – is with respect to building margins back in Macao. Going back to the old adage, never let a crisis go by without learning from it, as you look at your, at some of your larger expenses ex-labor. So for example, marketing food and beverage, are there opportunities here to tweak the way that you operate to bring your margins back faster, so that you'll be running actually more efficiently, even with fewer guests for example? 
Robert Goldstein : Harry, I guess my confidence may be misguided, but I believe business in Macao is going to be strong enough we don’t have to worry about you know cutting some restaurant workers or cutting some – I just don't think there's enough margin in cutting costs if the revenues are there; I think the revenues will be there. I just feel like we're overplaying this in terms of how Asia thinks and how Asia rebounds. I think that's an appropriate commentary in question, vis-à-vis Las Vegas. I think it's a very fair question.  But in Macao and Singapore, I think we have great pent-up demand. We hear it; we feel it and we think that unless we’re misguided in that thinking, it will be a mistake to pull back our F&B, pull back on a lot of things that we do there, because again you can't overcome the enormous top-line. These are top-line businesses over there in Asia and I think they need those kinds of services, goods and services to be successful.  I don't see and may be Patrick sees it, but I just don’t see enough. Unless a business comes back to levels we believe this year, in Asia I think it would be mistaken to try to shave a few points of cost and drive margin, because the revenue should be there in my estimation. 
Patrick Dumont: And just one additional thing to think about. Before the start of this disruption, the beginning in the first quarter of this year, this was a very well-functioning, very well-oiled machine that ran high margins and was incredibly efficient and continually look to make itself more efficient each quarter.  And so I think we won’t look at this purely from the transition standpoint. We're going to look at this from the way we always look at it, which is to Rob's point, we've got to grow revenue and we believe that it will happen, and then we're going to continue to manage the business in a very cost efficient manner, ensuring that we generate as much cash flow and keep our margins strong.  And so I think it's difficult from where we sit today, to tell you all the things that we’ll do going forward, because we've looked very carefully at our business each quarter and we've taken costs out of it appropriately, and so I think we'll just continue to do that and try to run as efficient a business as possible. 
Harry Curtis: Fair enough. Let me move on to a broader topic that looks out five to 10 years and is tied to your – to Sheldon's comments about addition spending in Macao. There’s a new Chief Executive. Some investors are questioning the relationship that the concessionaires might have going forward with the new Chief Executive, but it seems to me his most recent comments has actually been somewhat encouraging that the concessionaires have been positive for Vegas.  So my question of Vegas, Macao rather – so my question is, as you think about the future and spending in Macao, what partnerships might develop with the government or other companies or in the hospitality industry or in completely different industries that would position Las Vegas Sands to get a high return on incremental investment?
Robert Goldstein : First I’ll say – I’ll repeat Sheldon's comments at the top of the call. We love to investment in Macao; we are keen to invest in Macao. I don't know you saw the Chief Executive calling us out for participating in the quarantine with our hotel rooms and commending our actions there, but we are pleased to see the recognition on that.  But I think we’ve always been consistent and Sheldon has been consistent. We want to invest as much as we can in Macao, as often as we can in Macao, and we're anxious for that day to come Harry. The minute we get the go-ahead, I think Mr. Adelson and our Board would be predisposed to write very large checks very quickly.  We've always been believers. We believe the market just has so much potential growth there. There is so much opportunity. You know the future of Macro is very bright and very diversified and we are very anxiously a part of that. I think Sheldon’s always been unequivocal in his willingness to invest, invest, invest in the future Macao. Sheldon, do you want to echo those sentiments? 
Sheldon Adelson: Yeah, I’ll echo those. 
Robert Goldstein : Echo. 
Sheldon Adelson: Ditto. Listen, we’ve – Macao is, will be the best, if not one of the best. It will be the best and the best gaming and leisure destination anywhere in the world. So there's no reason why it should grow. While Rob was taking, I was thinking about potentially it could only grow as big as Vegas does. It actually – the population that it serves is much greater than what Vegas serves and it could grow into that, but it will take a long time to go into that. We’ve got 150,000 rooms. Its only about 35,000, 40,000 rooms in Macao. So it will take quite a while for it to grow well beyond that. 
Harry Curtis: Okay, thanks very much everyone. 
Sheldon Adelson: It certainly has the growth potential. 
Robert Goldstein: Thanks Harry. 
Harry Curtis: I appreciate it everyone. 
Robert Goldstein : Thank you. 
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of David Katz with Jefferies. You may now ask your question. 
David Katz: Hi! Evening everyone, and thanks for taking my question. I wanted to just go back to the reopening and trying and envision, and Rob you touched on this on the mass side. You know what operationally it could look like from people taking ferry, border crossings etcetera. You know, are we envisioning gloves, masks and you know temperature. And I suppose I would ask the same question about Las Vegas, and you know given as you point out aptly we may not be as used to it here. What that potentially could look like, we saw some release from the Nevada Gaming Commission this afternoon. 
Robert Goldstein : Right, right. David, I think if you look at – I think I turn to Hong Kong as a guideline. I think the Asian people will adapt. Well yes, the answer is there’ll be temperature checks, there’ll be masks, there’ll be gloves. We are going to do whatever we can do to ensure our employees and our customers are in an environment they can have fun in and visit us and all that, but they are not going to be at risk as best we can prevent that. The rooms will be clean beyond clean, the wiping down of surfaces, the social distancing. They're doing it in Hong Kong.  I think the last time I looked Hong Kong had less than a dozen deaths and again, retails are opened. You go into Hong Kong; the restaurants you sit in are five to 10 feet apart. You get a temp check coming in, you wear gloves, wear a mask and it’s a different world, but the Asians are – there’s all kind of sanitizer, but they're doing it as we speak in Hong Kong today. I envision a similar environment here in Las Vegas and in Macao.  The difference is going to be the ability to acclimate is much higher in Asia, because for years I've been going to the airports via Tokyo or Hong Kong, Macao. When you do a temperature check and people are wearing masks, it’s not that far in that thinking. So I don't think the Asian people have a problem at all. In fact I think they are going to welcome it and be anxious to get back to having fun in casinos. I believe that from the bottom of my heart the recovery in Asia is going to happen rather quickly.  I'm not as comfortable and Vegas one of the reasons I'm concerned is because this foreign door thinking, this is I've been wearing a mask now for a while and its different, you know it is different, and I think it will be a little bit difficulty. I also wore it at the Airlift and how the airlines will be able to fly into Las Vegas, because the Airlift is an important part of our success. So although it's going to take some time, some comfort to get people to acclimate, I think it's going to happen and I don’t think there’s any problem at all that it’s going to happen in Macao.  The minute they open doors in Macao, we're ready. We have the gloves, the mask, the sanitizer, the temperature checks, but I think your best example is what's happening in Hong Kong as we speak. It’s pretty amazing. You can go shopping, you can go eating, you can do a lot of things there and life there is not usual, but it’s ongoing and that’s what we hope we can do in Las Vegas as well and adapt to the new environment until the day comes when a vaccine or cure, I believe that's going to happen.  How did we live through so many of these things? The stock market crash in ’80’s to 2001 to 2008, 2009 to SARS. People will say, ‘Oh! That’s going to change everything. It’s going to be all different. It’ll never be the same. I’ll agree. I think this thing will get fixed at some point. There will be some remedy, be it a vaccine or be it some way of getting – the medical people, there’s too many smart people out looking, but I think the world will return, but Asian will return quicker and will rebound much faster than here and there'll be no aversion to wearing a mask and gloves and social distancing. In fact they’ll welcome it as long as they can come back to Macao and Singapore. 
Sheldon Adelson: Rob, you’re not old. You remember all those past times. 
Robert Goldstein : What’s that? 
Sheldon Adelson: You are not that old that you remember all those incidents in the past. 
Robert Goldstein : I was much younger, so I remember them. 
David Katz: Dinner out sounds great. Be well everyone and thanks for taking my question. 
Robert Goldstein : Thanks David. See you one of these days. 
Operator: Thank you presenters and thank you ladies and gentlemen for joining Las Vegas Sands, first quarter 2020 earnings call. That concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect and have a great day!

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Las Vegas Sands Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, speaker Daniel Briggs. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you, operator. Joining me on the call today are Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Patrick Dumont, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the safe harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release. Please note that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you please respect our request to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question, so we might allow everyone with interest the opportunity to participate. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please turn the call over to Mr. Adelson.
Sheldon Adelson: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We had a great quarter and a great year across all our markets. Company-wide adjusted property EBITDA for the fourth quarter was USD1.39 billion, an increase of 9% over the prior year. Our cash flow generation is unmatched in our industry, with full year 2019 EBITDA of USD5.39 billion. Nobody's ever heard that before in this industry. The capital investment programs in both Macao and Singapore are exceptionally exciting, with over USD5 billion of capital projects, which will be completed over the course of the next few years. These investments will further strengthen our leadership position in the premium mass, mass and non-gaming segments in Asia. Let's now turn to our financial results by the region. In Macao, adjusted property EBITDA was $811 million, USD811 million in the quarter, an increase of 3% over the prior year. In contrast to the 8% decline, that's a 3% increase for us in contrast to an 8% decline gross gaming revenue in the Macao market overall, pretty good. We grew our managed gaming revenues by 3% over the prior year, with growth in both - in non-mass - with growth in both mass tables and slots. Retail sales remained strong, growing by 11% over the prior year. Most importantly, our profitability continues to lead the industry, with EBITDA margin reaching 36.2%, up another 140 basis points compared to the prior year. We couldn't be more excited about our investment of USD2.2 billion to expand our critical mass of non-gaming offerings in Macao. We believe there is no better market in the world than Macao with regard to the continued deployment of our capital. The initial trial results at both the London hotel and the Grand Suites at Four Seasons have been very promising, and we will update you on our progress in the future. We look forward to making additional investments in Macao as we contribute to Macao's diversification and evolution into Asia's leading leisure and business tourism destination. I would welcome the opportunity to invest billions of dollars to expand our hotel entertainment, retail and MICE facilities in Macao. I believe Macao has the opportunity to become the greatest business and leisure tourism destination in the world and the MICE capital of Asia. We stand ready to make substantial additional investments to contribute to Macao's future success. In 2019, over 900 MICE events were held in Sands China's properties in Macao, with the participation from over 900,000 - sorry, 800,000 attendees. This is by far the highest number of MICE events and attendees that are hosted by any operator in Macao. And indeed, we estimate that we represent as much as 90% of the MICE market. Entertainment is another area in which we contribute to Macao's growth and diversification. We continue to lead the Macao market in this respect as it continues its development as the premier entertainment center in Asia. In 2019, we brought 45 different events to Macao in our Cotai Arena, featuring top Asian and western artists. Our leadership in MICE and entertainment are just two examples of our firm commitment to supporting the government's objective to diversify the economy of Macao. Our market-leading investments in non-gaming facilities, including hotel capacity, large-scale retail malls and our themed tourism attractions are designed to attract the widest possible range of visitors to Macao. Having made the largest investment in this economic diversification, we will continue to invest and to work to support the business [ph] for Macao in the future. Excuse me, I've got a cold today. With the opening of the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge and the progress of the Greater Bay initiatives, we truly believe Macao has the potential to become the MICE and leisure capital of Asia. We fully intend to contribute to that objective through both our existing assets and potential future events. Let me also address another topic, the evolving situation with the coronavirus. The current situation is unique and serious. Our top priority is the health and safety of our employees and guests, and we are doing everything we can to support the government both of Macao and China. Our Sands China team is in close consultation with the relevant health care and public safety authorities in Macao, and we have implemented significant procedures and safeguards. We will continue to implement measures in line with government direction and hope for a swift containment of the virus. Now turning to Singapore. The Marina Bay Sands' adjusted EBITDA was USD457 million. Rolling volumes were strong and was 16% higher than the prior year. Mass win per day remains solid. The hotel continued to do - to enjoy a strong average daily rate and occupancy. At the same time, annualized retail sales per square foot increased to more than USD2,000 per square foot. Singapore's leading tourism infrastructure continues to receive significant investment, and we are excited to be a part of Singapore's continued growth as a leading business and leisure tourism destination as we develop the Marina Bay Sands expansion. The expansion will include a 15,000-seat, state-of-the-art arena for live entertainment events, a hotel tower designed to set a new standard of luxury in the region as well as an additional MICE offerings. We continue to make progress on the MBS expansion and we'll provide additional updates in the future. We will continue to reinvest in Marina Bay Sands to enhance the customer experience in advance of the expansion. Now turning to Las Vegas. Our Las Vegas operations had another great quarter, with adjusted EBITDA of USD120 million, an increase of 20% over the prior year. The hotel convention and slot segments offset yearly [ph] revenue records, leading to a record adjusted property EBITDA performance in 2019 of USD503 million on a whole normalized basis. Regarding U.S.-China trade relations, Phase 1 of the trade deal between China and the United States has been completed. The United States and China coming together to work collaboratively on the future of global trade is good for the U.S., it's good for China and it's good for the rest of the global economy. Finally, we continue to increase the return of capital to shareholders. The dividend remains the cornerstone of our strategy for the return of capital. The net dividend has continued to grow. For 2020, the Board of Directors has increased the dividend by $0.08 per share to $3.16 per share. At the same time, we repurchased USD300 million of stock during the quarter. Yay dividends, yay buybacks. Thanks again for joining us on the call today. Now we'll take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Joe Greff of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, everybody. Sheldon, good to hear you again. My first question is going to be probably an obvious topic and to the extent you can talk about it. But just with regards to the coronavirus, if there is going to be a lengthy impact at the Suites' visitation and spend both in Macao and Singapore, how do you manage to fix the operating expense there? How much flex is there in both respective markets? And then my follow-up question is relating - looking backwards, relating to Macao in the fourth quarter, if you were to parse through, maybe you look at it because you have monthly numbers that we don't have access to, but how much of an impact do you think Hong Kong protests had versus the travel disruption related to government visit in December? And that's all for me. Thank you.
Robert Goldstein: Hi, Joe, it's Rob. I'll take - I want to take the first part of the question. They are 2 different markets, Macao and Singapore. As you know, Macao visitation based on public reports is down as much as 80%. It's not nearly as dire in Singapore. There has been some adverse impacts but nowhere near the same level of problem in Singapore as Macao has [ph] there. As to our operating, you know our business is revenue dependent. There's no way to hide from the fact we employ tens of thousands of people in these markets. And it's an expensive business to operate. And in the same way operating leverage swings your direction when volumes are good, it swings again too at times like this. And we're going to do our best. We'll do all the paid time off, all things we can do to mitigate but I think it would be silly to think that we can make a material impact on operating costs. They're real. And they -- and that's the problem with these businesses when this kind of thing hits. Having said that, we've been - just before, we've been through a lot of years of problems in Macao and Singapore and Las Vegas when things like this happen, and this storm will pass. We don't know when. We do know at best is we'll be first in line in each of our markets to be the biggest investor, most aggressed in Macao. We've shown our strength in our things of that [ph] market, extraordinary market. When it returns, we'll return with it and do very, very well and keep investing. But I think it would be foolhardy to think we can reduce costs enough to offset what's happening in the - if this 80% decline continues. That's a real problem for any operator. Your second question, I didn't address, but I'm trying to get…
Daniel Briggs: The pace of how October, November and December went.
Sheldon Adelson: Oh, okay. Well, October was a terrific month in Macao, extraordinary month in Macao. It decelerated, as you might imagine, with the visit from the President, as it has in the past, no surprise there. Deceleration really happened in December, I think that's again, predictable. So I guess, you'd look - the month is - the quarter is October extraordinary, November strong and December was soft. No big surprise. I think we'd reflect the market in that respect. A very different place in December than it was in October. And I think that's all I can say on that issue. It's pretty clear to everybody.
Joe Greff: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Sheldon Adelson: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Thomas Allen: Hi. So just sticking with Macao and focusing on premium mass, you had really strong premium mass results in the third quarter and then they were down. In the fourth quarter, do you think that was just mostly a function of President Xi visit? Or something else going on there? Thank you.
Robert Goldstein: Yes, yes. So let's break it apart. We had a great base mass quarter, I think up at almost 9%, 8.9% or something like that. So base mass, we were - I think our strongest base mass performance in our history, which we were delighted with and that remains a core part of our success. You're right, the premium mass business was not as strong but still not a bad performance. I think what really is happening here, I wouldn't blame on what happened in the market as much as we are under construction in Four Seasons and in Londoner. And I think - as you know, this market is based upon product. Like most gaming, especially Macao, better product wins the day. We're soon going to open up all the suites of the Four Seasons, all the suites of the Londoner by the end of the year and St. Regis. And I'm pretty confident we'll not just be the leader in premium mass but, by far, the leader. I think the success of the other products in the market demonstrates what happens when you build a quality product in Macao, people show up for it. I think our Four Seasons product, which is extraordinary, 290 keys. Base - the size of room between 2,000 and 4,000 feet. St. Regis, equally powerful, and Londoner. I think we're looking at a whole new offering from SCL once these things open up. So I'm very confident our premium mass business will reflect as our [ph] base mass business, strong growth in the time ahead. As you know, we're the biggest investor in Macao, we're the most committed. And these $2.2 billion worth of investments that Sheldon and the Board authorized will pay off enormously in '21 and beyond, and '20 as well.
Thomas Allen: Thanks, Rob. And this is my follow-up. Vegas revenue was really strong, your strongest quarter of the year, but margins were a little light at 25% versus first half is 29%. Was there anything unique going on there?
Robert Goldstein: No, I just think we're seeing a shift to more -- I mean our business, as you know, is driven by - we have a gaming component but the non-gaming is powerful. If we can make $500 million a year in Vegas every year, I'd be okay with that. The margins fall a few points. I think what you're saying is - one thing you should realize that our business is that we are driven - I mean the - forget the rooms and the slot machines and the gaming business but look at our revenues coming out of convention center, almost $200 million this year of revenue coming out of banquets and convention-related services, which is extraordinary. And I think that's becoming more and more indicative where our business is heading. So I would gladly, as we keep going, and I think we will keep going towards $500 million and beyond, I would gladly trade a few points of margin for more growth in non-gaming. Our gaming performance is good. But as you know, visitation from the -- from Asia is not as strong at the super high-end baccarat, which has been one of the strengths of Las Vegas. But again, we're overjoyed [ph] with the $500 million a year. And if we trade a point or 2 of margin here and there, we're pretty happy. Nothing extraordinary, nothing out the ordinary.
Thomas Allen: Thanks, Rob.
Robert Goldstein: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey, good afternoon, guys and thanks. Sheldon, for the first time that I could recall, at least, you talked a little bit in your prepared remarks about the trade war and, obviously, the signing of Phase 1 of the deal. Is that something - and I don't know with all the other things going on right now in the market that it's - it would have been discernible. But do you feel that was something that maybe has provided a little bit of a governor on results in Macao and something that you're optimistic as the resolution of Phase 1 and potentially subsequent phases play out, you will start to see maybe a better cadence of business across the high end for the market?
Sheldon Adelson: I think that it's the perception that the China - the trade negotiations with China and the contradictions that are inherent there are just perceived. I don't think that they're doing very much. I think people think that if President Trump puts on tariffs on different imports from China that - and then China reciprocates by putting tariffs on the stuff in from the U.S. I talked to my friend, Steven Mnuchin when I was at The White House for the signing of the China trade agreement. And he says that they're moving forward, probably moving forward faster than what the people would expect for Phase 2 of the resolution of the so-called trade war. So although it's perceived to be a problem, it's - in reality, it's not causing much of a problem.
Carlo Santarelli: Understood.
Robert Goldstein: Carlo, I just -- Carlo, it's Rob. Let me jump in and just echo a comment on that. No question, we hear from customers in Asia, the importance of resolution of trade war, especially for entrepreneurs and business people who reside in the provinces in China. I think it's very helpful. The war comes to an end. We'll see more confidence. We'll see more growth in their businesses. It translates across all segments but primarily in the premium mass segment, which is so important to success in Macao. So it's very, very helpful and bodes well for the future of our business and our competitors in Macao.
Carlo Santarelli: Great. Thank you, both. And then just as a quick follow-up. Obviously, the situation right now is difficult to handicap with everything that's going on. But in the event Macao were to decide that maybe the best approach would be to close the casinos temporarily until things stabilize, my understanding is that maybe business interruption insurance wouldn't apply here. Do you guys kind of have a view of how that potentially could play out if that were to be the path this followed?
Sheldon Adelson: Well, I'll ask Patrick to respond to that.
Patrick Dumont: So a -- I appreciate the question. I think right now, it's too early to say. I think each operator has different risk management programs, and so I'm not sure where you have the information coming from. But I think it's something we'll take a look at. Hopefully, that's not something that it ever comes down to. We do have a very robust risk management program here. We're actually one of the largest acquirers of certain types of risk products in the market or in various markets. So I think we're very proud of that. I think we try to protect our balance sheet, try to protect our operations. That being said, I don't think we can comment specifically on the clauses of our policy and the likelihood of that type of event or the coverage that we have but we are prepared. The other thing to note is we're very fortunate to have a very strong balance sheet. We're very fortunate to have liquidity on hand. And I think we're looking to manage through this in the best way that we can and support whatever initiatives from the government that we need to. The other thing is I think in the long run, we're very cautious with our balance sheet, and we expect variability in our markets, and this is something that unfortunately, comes up periodically and we have to deal with.
Carlo Santarelli: Okay. Thank you Patrick.
Sheldon Adelson: I hope we don't have to answer the question. I hope it goes away and resolves quick enough. It's not an issue for us.
Carlo Santarelli: Understood. For sure. Thank you, guys.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks, Carlo.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Grambling of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I guess, one other follow-up on the coronavirus. Is there any way to frame or is there any impact that we should be anticipating as it relates to the construction projects that you have underway now? Or is that still something that we should generally be thinking is on track or regardless of the current disruption can be still accelerated to be on track? Thanks.
Robert Goldstein: Steve, it's Rob. We don't anticipate any slowdown as a result of the virus. Obviously, it depends on what happens in Macao but as we speak today, we saw no indication of all of that. And we're full speed ahead on all of our projects in Macao.
Stephen Grambling: That's great. And then one other quick clarification on Singapore, obviously, very strong results. If you look at your customer database there, is any of that -- or can you tell if any of that is folks that are transitioning out of Macao to - because of the Hong Kong disruption or otherwise? Or what do you think is kind of driving that underlying strength?
Robert Goldstein: Great property and great management. No, I don't think we have it -- we really can't determine...
Sheldon Adelson: Not to mention our good looks.
Robert Goldstein: Yes. We really can't determine that. I think it's -- I think Singapore has always been, for us, a - it's such an interesting place, great country to visit, culturally in sync with the foreign visitation. As you know, the visa - the increased levy entrance has made us pivot more and more towards foreign visitation, and we continue to grow that property in terms of quality of product and entertainment and service to make it more desirable for that customer. So whether - I don't know what - they're pivoting at any place, but I think we want to make that product so damn good that people want to come more often to Singapore. It's an incredible product in so many ways, a great country to operate in, very favorable to foreign visitation. So we're very pleased about it. And I think our strength there, I believe, will continue to grow. I think as we invest more - again, we - our history has always been the same. We invest heavily in the right places. And Singapore is the right place. We're making a huge commitment, both in Towers 1, 2 and 3 as well as our new addition, the Arena, et cetera. So I think our future in Singapore is very bright and that's why we're putting billions of dollars to work there.
Stephen Grambling: Makes sense. That's super helpful. Thanks so much and best of luck.
Sheldon Adelson: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, thank you so much. So Rob, just digging back into the premium mass performance in the fourth quarter. If you look at your premium mass growth year-over-year in like each month of the quarter, would it be fair to say that December was the major driver of the year-over-year decline just because of the visitation decline? And then the - so the low kind of - around the - President Xi's visit? Or was it similar throughout the quarter? And then I was also wondering if there's any way you could share with us how things were going the first 19 days or so of January prior to the outbreak?
Robert Goldstein: Sure. To your question, December clearly was the problem child in the end of the quarter. I think that's true of all of our competitors in the market as well. Now it was a great October, we thought we were heading for a massive quarter and then it slowly declined as the quarter went on. As for the - we didn't see any effect from this virus. The first 21 days was a pretty - if this call had been a week or 2 ago, it would be a whole different type of conversation. But very strong in January. I think the market was strong, visitation was good. So it's a real comeuppance to have this whole thing, the visitation being down, I think it's 80% market-wide at this point. But there was no signs in early January of this disruption. It's a recent occurrence.
Felicia Hendrix: Yeah. And can I - and I know you guys focus - is mainly on the mass side. But just within those first 21 days, did you see any like change in behavior on VIP? Like is there any reason why we should think once we get past this outbreak and all the kind of stuff that you could - we could see some improvement in VIP year-over-year?
Robert Goldstein: Yeah. Felicia, we don't get into that. We don't want to break out the first 21 days other than say visitation was strong and it reflected more of a fourth quarter trend. VIP, as you know, is an enigma. We don't know when it gets better. I've been wrong so often, particularly its demise, I won't make that mistake again. I think VIP will resurrect. I think Sheldon's comments about the trade war are indicative of the market that the entrepreneurs who populate the VIP segment, be it junket or an ongoing [ph] direct are influenced by their businesses and their success. And I think there's a day in the future where premium mass will blossom, keep blossoming, but it's more product-driven. I think the trade wars resolution will be very helpful in China and very helpful for Macao in general.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Sheldon Adelson: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for taking my question. So just to go back to the coronavirus and a few of the prepared remarks, Sheldon, I think you mentioned that there - you're implementing measures in line with government policies. You - could you just give us maybe a little bit better sense of what some of those policies or contingency planning looks like at this stage? I mean, again, I think we all know they stopped short of ordering full closures. But just kind of what's the interaction been with the government? And how are they kind of helping to smooth over [ph] and work with you on the situation right now?
Sheldon Adelson: Well, the government wants us to measure the temperature of the visitation and to see if there's anybody that's got the virus. And they requested that we put masks on all our dealers, everybody in the casino, we've done that and whatever else, whatever other details.
Robert Goldstein: That's -- Sheldon's right. Across the board, all of our employees now have masks in all the areas. And to Sheldon's point, screening is part of our business now today. And Wilford and Grant and the team are in constant contact with the government. We speak daily. And the government - we - our job is to protect our employees, our team there and to help the government every way possible to be good corporate citizens in respect to people of Macao, respect to people of China and be as contributory as we can to the resolution of this crisis. And we've done that. We're there. We've actually -- we're looking into our contribution, a monetary contribution into helping into China and Macao, protecting our dealers. So that's job one, and we are in constant communication to mass...
Sheldon Adelson: When I walk in here, I take one in a - in an operating room [ph]. Everybody's got masks.
Robert Goldstein: Yeah. It started with dealers, but then we went to everybody and masks are in short supply. We're trying to get more supplies to make contributions. And Sheldon and the family have asked us to look into what else we can do to help Macao recover and help the government.
Shaun Kelley: Great, thank you. Thank you for the color. And then just as my follow-up, but just switch gears a little bit. The -- obviously, there's been plenty of questions about the impact on just the financial performance from President Xi's visit, but it felt like a pretty big policy shift that he really, I think, shined a pretty positive light on Macao's future role. Could you just give us maybe a little bit more color on your take on kind of how that commentary went? Any conversations with the new Chief Executive, just how the -- just general tenor of policy is moving forward with Macao under the -- kind of the new administration? That would be great.
Robert Goldstein: We - so we don't - I'll say this. We've been there for what? 18 years, 19 years. And I think Sheldon's contribution, this company's contribution is a - as the biggest investor in Macao speaks for itself. We are - we're raging bulls on Macao's future. We think the last 20 years were great. We look forward to being the biggest investor in the next 20 years. And our goal is to invest billions of dollars in Macao. We have had conversations with the government repeatedly about our desire to invest heavily to make Macao everything it can be. It's already the most important city in the world, in the gaming world. We want to see it become the most important city in the MICE, leisure destination business. We like to see more families, more kids, more everybody. And that takes more rooms, that takes more MICE space, that takes more retail, more leisure activity. This city has the potential, with the airports and the bridge, the infrastructure to become the most visited city in the world. It could happen. It had the rooms, the demand is there. The supply has to grow.
Sheldon Adelson: We had 40 -- 39-point-something, almost 40 million people come in, in 2019.
Robert Goldstein: Yes. I mean Sheldon's been very vocal about his willingness to invest heavily. He -- we've spoken with the government over the years about that. There's no surprise that we feel. And as the authors of the current - the Cotai success story, I think Sheldon has listened to pretty well. We can't speak to what the government plans to do. We don't know. We simply wait for their advice and their direction and we adhere to that. But we've been very vocal on our willingness to invest. We want to see Macao reach full potential. I think that Macao is - it's in its infancy. Vegas, in the mid-'90s, we built The Venetian was considered a mature city. And it turns out, the next 25 years are way better than the first 25 years. I think Macao is in that same point where as good looks today, Macao has so much potential to do so much more. And we have been raging components of that city's growth and that city's maturation beyond gaming into a non-gaming destination. That's our hope. That's our desire. We await the advice and direction of the government, but Mr. Adelson and the Board is excited to invest in Macao's big, big future.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley of UBS. Your line is open.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you. I wanted to ask about Singapore, just thinking about how -- I wonder if some of that increase was helped by the slowdown in Macao in December. Can you quantify or just in some ballpark term, was the December increase in Singapore up a lot more than the other months in the quarter?
Robert Goldstein: I missed the last part, Robin, but I don't think we can quantify. It's very hard to sit there, very honestly, and tell you that the downturn in Macao drove customers into Singapore. I think what drives people into Singapore is Singapore. It's a very desirable destination. It's a very desirable building. We think we can continue to grow foreign visitation. We continue to invest heavily in making the product better in terms of service and quality of room. So I don't look to Macao's demise to help Singapore's growth. I think...
Robin Farley: And I didn't mean - I just meant there was - to some degree, was the month of December in Singapore up more than October and November were?
Robert Goldstein: We don't want to break it out, but I think we'll treat the quarter as a whole. I don't think - I wouldn't break it out. I wouldn't do it anyway, but I don't think you need to. The quarter was solid across the board. It was - Singapore had a nice, solid, rolling business, an ongoing business, a strong visitation. It's just a good month, a good quarter in Singapore across the board. I don't think Singapore - you might look at - obviously, as this virus continues, that might be an interesting thing to look at the future. But we believe Singapore, unto itself, is a powerful product in a powerful country that will prosper and grow as we reinvest heavily in it.
Robin Farley: Okay.
Sheldon Adelson: Look at the mall in Singapore. If that mall were in the United States, it would be the highest grossing mall in the country. $2,000 a foot. Now we have a mall in the Four Seasons in Macao that does like $5,000 a foot in U.S. dollars in sales. So it's been around the other malls on Orchard Road.
Robert Goldstein: As well as we've done over there, we think there's a lot of room to grow, though. We honestly believe we can do a lot better in Singapore and that's why we're investing in the future of Singapore.
Robin Farley: Okay, thank you. And then just my follow-up question, and I feel like Dan is going to say the answer to this is buried in Slide 84 or something that is like hard to get through all in 10 minutes before the call starts. So...
Daniel Briggs: We apologize for all the trade news [ph].
Robin Farley: Well, no, no. I -- it's great. But I hope if it is buried in there that you'll be kind. But the question was just thinking about the pace of the quarters this year and the potential disruption at the Londoner, just how should we think about like when to expect like maybe more disruption versus less disruption in the quarters? And actually is a slower environment right now, a time to accelerate some of the disruption and say, "Let's get that out of the way?"
Sheldon Adelson: That's a great - the second part of your question fascinates me. I am curious if there's an - we don't have the answer today. But I've asked the team to explore that very question. Is there a chance to accelerate construction process in Macao during this slowdown? I don't know the answer to that. So I won't represent. I will tell you, having been there a couple of weeks ago in the Londoner, walked through it, it was comical. And I thought of people on this call as I walked through dust and jackhammers and construction everywhere and the customers and staff, the multitude [ph] playing like crazy. And I did laugh myself. I said, "I feel like I'm making up a bad story here to say disruption will happen. I think it will happen. I just don't understand why people keep coming. I guess the rooms are so valuable. We're right now in the middle of building 10 new restaurants, we're in the middle of blowing up a casino over there and redoing it, in the middle of - all the Londoner rooms are in construction, St. Regis. There's a lot of people in that building working on it to make it disruptive, and yet, they're not being disrupted. We keep getting visitations. The quarter was very, very good. And I hope I'm a liar and wrong that this market will eventually stop coming to the SEC as it transitions into Londoner. However, having been there and saw with my own two eyes, I had to stop and chuckle, how busy it was and the rooms remain -- again, Macao is underserved from a lodging perspective. You realize that when you walk to Londoner, you realize people are sleeping manner. They're not necessarily coming for the properties. It's not a destination property, but they're sleeping there and they're gambling there. And it's just extraordinary to watch. If that building were in Las Vegas, there wouldn't be a soul in there. But in China, it was a much different story. So we continue to tell you, when you build a brand-new casino, brand-new facade, redo 1,200 keys, build the St. Regis, rip the facade off, someday, there will be some disruption. I just don't know when.
Robin Farley: Okay. That sounds great.
Robert Goldstein: I know Dan is going to address that. Dan would have had a slide, but we didn't think of that.
Robin Farley: Thank you.
Robert Goldstein: All right. Thank you, Robin.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Jared Shojaian: Hi. Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks to return. In terms of the visitation declines, are you seeing that more on the mass side or the VIP side? And then for my follow-up, I know the coronavirus is quite unique. I don't know if there's any precedent or anything historically that would suggest, call it, onetime interruptions normally lead to pent-up demand. Is that something you're thinking about? Thank you.
Robert Goldstein: Sure. Two things, we cannot -- at the level of visitation decline we're experiencing, I think it would be silly for us to break out. If all 80% of the market, it's -- every segment's being affected. Let's not be - let's not try to be cute about this. It's across the board. Every segment is in decline for every property. There's no way to be any more honest than that. As for pent-up demand, I'm a big believer in pent-up demand. The fact there - and in fact, this is killing Chinese New Year, so I think we'll - when this does resolve, whether it's next month or next quarter - I don't know when it will resolve. I don't want to pretend to know. There's a very good article in the journal today about the history of these viruses in the last 60, 70 years and they get solved. With the Hong Kong flu, the Russian flu, the Asian flu, the flu I had when I was 12 years old, they resolved. And they will resolve this time, whether that's February or March, I don't know. But when it does resolve, Macao's going to be very, very, very busy because whether you know it or not, these folks like to gamble. And we have the biggest and best properties in Macao. They will come back in force. And it's a very, very wonderful market. We're delighted to be there. It's a very strong government that we like working with, and I think the brighter day will come very quickly for Macao. We just don't know when that happens. But you can count on pent-up demand. Believe me, you - there will be a lot of people there the day that virus is resolved, and we'll be happy to serve them and welcome them back. So it's a fair question, a good question, and I have a very strong answer. Yes, pent-up demand's a real issue in a place like Macao.
Jared Shojaian: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-23 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, my name is Nicole, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise.  I will now turn the call over to Mr. Daniel Briggs. 
Daniel Briggs: Thank you, and thank you for joining us on the call today. With me on the call today are Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Patrick Dumont, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provision of Federal Securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release.  Please note that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website, we may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call.  Finally, for those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you please respect our request to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question, so we might allow everyone with interest the opportunity to participate. Please note that this presentation is being recorded.  With that, let me please turn the call over to Mr. Adelson. 
Sheldon Adelson: Thank you Dan, and good afternoon everyone. As you all know, I've missed our earnings conference call these last few quarters. So, let me begin by saying I feel good, I'm very happy to be here with Rob, Patrick and the team and I look forward to our discussion today. Let me also say that I am extremely touched by all the calls and emails I've received over the past several months. It has been remarkable to hear from so many people, including many of you joining us today. I deeply appreciate the well wishes, and everyone who took the time to reach out to me. It certainly means a lot.  With that, let me tell you about our strong financial results, and our unique strategic position. Our company is today as strong as it has ever been. Our balance sheet is robust as evidenced by our investment grade credit ratings, at both Las Vegas Sands and Sands China. I want to point out to you that S&P included us in the S&P 500 as of October 3rd. So, we’ve been part of the S&P 500 for about three weeks. Our cash flow generation is unmatched in our industry with annualized adjusted property EBITDA of over US$5 billion. I think it's nothing to next. Our development pipeline at both Macao and Singapore is exceptionally exciting with over US$5 billion of capital projects coming to fruition in Asia, over the course of the next few years. These investments will further strengthen our leading position in the premium mass, MICE, entertainment and other non-gaming segments in Asia. At the same time, we will continue to enthusiastically pursue the right development opportunity in Japan. Now, let's turn to our financial results. We had another strong quarter across all of our markets. Company-wide adjusted property EBITDA was US$1.28 billion. In Macao, adjusted property EBITDA was $755 million, consistent with the prior year. While overall Macao gross gaming revenues declined for the quarter, the mass-market continues to experience robust growth. We grew our mass-gaming revenues by 9% over the prior year with strong growth in both mass tables and slots, and in both the premium mass and mass segments. Most importantly, our profitability continues to lead the industry, with adjusted property EBITDA margin at 35.7%, up another 70 basis points compared to the prior year. We're certainly more excited about our ongoing investment of US$2.2 billion to expand our critical mass of non-gaming offerings in Macao. Various components of these projects are already underway, and we look forward to giving you further updates in the coming months. We remain steadfast and I believe that Macao is the best market in the world with respect to the continued deployment of our capital. We look forward to making additional investments in Macao as we contribute to Macao's diversification and evolution into Asia's leading leisure and business tourism destination. With the opening of the Hong Kong's Zhuhai Macao Bridge, and the ongoing development at Bay initiatives, we believe Macao has the potential to become the MICE capital of Asia, and we fully intend to contribute to that goal, both through our existing assets and future investments.  In Singapore, adjusted property EBITDA was US$435 million, up 4% over the prior year. Rolling volumes were strong and/or above the level of the prior year. Mass win per day remains solid. The hotel continues to enjoy near full occupancy and retail sales per square foot increased by 10%. Our Las Vegas operations had another good quarter with adjusted property EBITDA of US$93 million, an increase of 22% over the prior year. Finally, we continue to increase the return on capital to shareholders. The Las Vegas Sands' Board of Directors just approved an increase in our annual dividend for the calendar year 2020 to $3.16 per share or $0.79 per share per quarter. A: dividends. I guess you missed that.  Thanks again for joining us on the call today. It's really great to be back. Now, let's take questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. 
Carlo Santarelli : Hey guys, thank you and Mr. Adelson welcome back. Maybe, this question is best for Rob, just in terms of obviously what you guys saw in the 3Q, it looked like you saw some strength in both the core mass segment or base mass segment as well as a little bit of a pivot in the premium mass segment, which also grew fairly well. Just wondering, if there is any dynamics that you're seeing that are changing, as obviously VIP remained a challenge throughout the 3Q, and I guess it was a little bit surprising to see the premium mass perform the way that it did. 
Rob Goldstein : Yes, nice surprise. So, as you know, I mean Macao is the world's largest gaming market and the current, future growth of that market is predicated on the mass market. If you look at Page 16 in the deck, you can see the continual year-after-year growth of this segment, and this is the segment that matters, let's be honest. And we are the market leader in those segments; mass to premium mass and slots. And that segment depends on rooms and suites and gaming capacity. Even though, we lead the market in rooms and suites, the completion of the Four Seasons, Londoner will put us in a more stable position than ever. Its quality, its quantity will enable us to dominate this critical segment for years ahead. When you couple that with our retail entertainment product, our competitive position is kind of hard to beat and we're very fortunate.  As you referenced, our rolling segment results were softer, but this segment represents less than 10%, I think Dan said 7% or 8% of our cumulative EBITDA composite. The other 90% plus is reliant on the mass segment. And to your comment that mass win for the quarter reached $1.6 billion, base mass was at $762 million, I think that was all-time high. Our premium mass grew to $674 million, which is $16,000 plus per table and the slots went to $160 million per quarter.  As our future and the future of Macao is mass, and visitation continues to improve, the quarter for us was very, very positive except for the softness in the rolling segment. But our game plan as you know we said quarter-after-quarter, year-after-year, our game plan remains the same. It's more product, we're spending $2 billion plus at Londoner Four Seasons, quality product. The quality we're doing at Four Seasons Londoner will surprise everybody, it surprised us actually. It's pretty spectacular. And so, we don't see a whole lot of changes in this quarter. It's business as usual. It's reinvest in the product, focus on the high-margin mass business, grow our fundamental advantage, which is more retail, more restaurant, more entertainment and most importantly more lodging. So, no real surprises. We're very pleased with the results, especially as you referenced the comeback of our premium mass segment, in particular. 
Carlo Santarelli : Great, thank you Rob. And just the quick follow-up on the conversion right now, and obviously VIP volumes and lower hold there is kind of making it harder to see straightforward in the results. But when you think about the work that you're doing currently and kind of where you are in the transition, how much disruption do you think is net leaving the system? I know it's probably not easy to handicap but I'm sure you're capturing some of the disruption at your other properties. Do you feel like there is leakage outside of the system from some of the work that you guys are doing there? 
Rob Goldstein : I think there is going to be disruption, but your reference point is spot on. I think we can capture if the team does their job, capture some of that disruption over region in Four Seasons and in Asia, I'd like to think we can. Having said that, it's a massive project underway. I mean ‘20 will be a disruptive year SCC, there is no denying it. We're transforming a 10-year-old product into something much more desirable for the market. So, there will be some disruption. I'm hoping the team and they claim they can do it, we'll move most of that business over to Four Seasons, Parisian, our other products. Obviously we can do it, where we've got the room capacity, lodging capacity or the gaming capacity. And frankly, we also have the ability to direct people who come for the entertainment product. It's a big positive. As you know, that's a unique differentiator for us over there. So, hopefully when the premium mass come to town, every week we've got a terrific show in there, they can push that customer away from SCC if they so desire. But, I think as we've said repeatedly, the end result is well worth it. What we're building at Londoner, we can't wait to show it to you, we can't to finish it. And the same thing with the room product, we saw a few months ago at the Four Seasons. It's exemplary in every way. Only time will tell. We can't quantify level of disruption. Yes disruption, how much we layer off in other properties? Time will tell. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. 
Thomas Allen : Thank you, and echoing Carlo's words, hoping you a speedy recovery Mr. Adelson. So, just around sticking with Macao, does it feel like the market is getting impacted by the Hong Kong unrest, and do you feel like your properties are feeling it? Thank you. 
Rob Goldstein: In Macao, as you know, Thomas, is the mass segment that drives growth, it's that simple. In this challenging macro environment, we just continue to see it grow and grow. And that business revolves around lodging, retail entertainment and we continue to see the numbers to grow in all these areas. The mass keeps growing, premium -- even with our large base, our slots and premium kept growing. And with our CapEx position, it just gets better and better. I also think with our 39 new suites at Londoner and Four Seasons, it just will get better next 18 months for us, especially for family travel, length of stay, our great non-gaming product.  One thing we should reference is, the base mass, the continued improvement in transportation infrastructure connecting Macao will drive growth in visitation, and we can capture a large share of that growth. We're having iconic destinations and our theme resorts like Londoner, Venetian et cetera. So, in this challenging environment, we are really pleased with our results and just see it getting better down the road. 
Thomas Allen: And then two more specific questions. It seemed like convention, retail and other revenue at all your properties was down a lot. What was driving that? And the second question is just, I know you've been mix shifting, your Macao tables away from base mass to premium mass. Could you just talk -- I mean recognizing that premium mass revenue was stronger this quarter, it has been more choppy. So, just wanted to hear the rationale behind that. Thank you. 
Rob Goldstein : Just on the shift -- I think I heard you say the shifting from base mass to premium, I hope we are -- hope we did, obviously, that's our goal. Our goal always is to -- there is many premium mass customers in there, and move away from base as we can. But that's a challenge when you have so many tables. Very, very pleased with how that's happening and you saw the results in this number we came up with for the premium mass quarter, nice recovery from Q2 where we had it bounce the wrong way. Yes, I just think our structural advantages there are so damn strong, it's hard to refute where we're going. I don't think anybody can argue, with all our keys and not just having quantity, but quality, all the entertainment, the retail as you saw the numbers, I think it's on Page 27 we referenced the retail numbers, it's just -- our advantages here are good and they'll just get better with time. You referenced to... 
Patrick Dumont : One thing, you mentioned the convention and other. One thing to note is that is also where we have ferry revenue, and so there's been a decline in ferry revenue year-over-year. So that's what's driving that. The majority of that is related to ferry. Okay?
Thomas Allen : Makes sense. Thank you. 
Rob Goldstein : Yes. Tom, just a follow-up on that slide, you referenced, it's the growth from $434 million to $450 million, which is accompanied by an increase to $674 million total win, $16,200 per table, yes, it's a good trend, the right direction, and I hope we continue that way. I love they end up with a double premium mass tables that we have the demand to make it happen. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. 
Stephen Grambling : Could you all talk to the decision to walk away or I should say redirect your focus from Osaka to other markets in Japan, and then maybe just talk to any other markets that you do have your eyes on for development? 
Robe Goldstein : Sure. We looked at Osaka and we think it's a wonderful market, a wonderful city. We had a great experience there. But in the end we felt our strengths and our -- what we do for a living so well is better represented in the opportunity in the Tokyo Bay region in Yokohama. And as you know, it's very competitive there. It's a very interesting market, a lot of capital required, a lot of thought process to make sure the numbers work, and we just thought Yokohama was just a better fit for our skill set. We're hard at work. The government has issued the RFC, we're hard at work at that right now and we'll see how it comes out. It's -- I think there is some time to ponder how Japan plays out in the end and we hopefully right in the middle of it and make the best decision for the -- our company, our shareholders. 
Stephen Grambling : And can you just remind us of how to think about the amount of leverage that you'd be willing to kind of flex to, should you pursue that. And if you don't, it still seems like you're running, I think you're at 1.5, where could that move as you start to pursue the other development opportunities, and where do you think about the right level longer term? 
Patrick Dumont : So, I think this goes back to the original fundamental story of the company. One thing our Chairman has been expert at and the company has been very strongly supported by is allocation of capital. And so, if you look at the developments that our Chairman has pursued, they've always been large scale with very high returns. And so that underpins any decision we make about any new potential new jurisdiction. Conveniently, it also works hand and glove with our ability to return capital to shareholders over time as our CapEx rolls off. So, this is the framework that we use when we look at any jurisdiction. So, to think about it in terms of leverage, as the Chairman mentioned in his opening remarks, we have an investment grade balance sheet and that's been a work in progress over many years. So, very proud to achieve the levels of leverage that we have today, with our prudent financial management that we've exhibited has produced results, and gives us a lot of flexibility to pursue really any jurisdiction that comes available. From that standpoint, right now, if you go to Page 8 in the deck, you can kind of see a snapshot of where our leverage is. On a total consolidated basis, we're 2.3 times, on a net basis 1.5 times. So, it really depends on the timing of cash flows. We've built some developments recently, the Parisian, you can kind of see the development schedule there. We laid out in our last quarter's presentation how we would handle Marina Bay Sands expansion. That kind of gives you a sense of how we would look to spend capital, as we create a new development. But as a practical matter, given some of the growth that we anticipate from the CapEx that we hope to spend over the next three years, we hope to maintain leverage levels in our current context.  I think particularly when you give credit for pro forma EBITDA as the developments get closer to fruition. So, when you look at what we're doing really, this is a transformational story of our company. This is the second leg of a very large investment scheme. We're expanding in our two best markets, we're deploying billions of dollars of capital into Singapore, deploying billions of dollars of capital currently into Macao and opening probably our most competitive and best prepared product.  So, we're very excited over the next couple of years and hopefully that will provide an additional natural deleveraging and facilitate additional capital return. 
Stephen Grambling : One very quick kind of quantitative follow-up. Can you just remind me, what was the total room count year-over-year I guess in Macao? We're trying to back into it, it seems like it's down, but I don't know if you have that number handy? 
Patrick Dumont : So, if you go to Page 61 in our deck, I realize it's way in the back. We are actually laying out all the -- we actually lay out all the hotel rooms, including new capacity which we've highlighted. So that should probably …. 
Stephen Grambling : Thanks so much. I'll jump back in the queue. Best of luck and best wishes Mr. Adelson. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JP Morgan. 
Joe Greff : Sheldon, good to hear your voice, and you stand 100% versus the last call. So, glad you're on. 
Sheldon Adelson : I’m running again 95%.
Joe Greff : Just, Rob or for anyone there in the room, if I'm doing my math right, it looks like in Macao in the 3Q, your mass table hold percentage was a little bit higher than where it's been or where we would maybe deem it to be at a normalized level. Are we looking at that right, and was there anything with table hold on the mass side, and obviously that's maybe why premium mass grew at the higher rate that it did, and maybe you can kind of help us understand maybe what was going on there, whether it's mix or changing some of the tie bets or something else? 
Rob Goldstein : There's been a lot of talk about Lucky 6 in the market, all you guys have written about it. I think that is starting to have some impact in the Macao market or even in Singapore. Yes, we're touch above, Joe, Q2 it's not material and we're actually a couple -- a few points above it in terms of the Q3, it's not material. I wouldn't consider it important. Again, in our business, half a point or quarter point with all this volume is -- it's just not relevant. I do think, as you know, baccarat like all of our businesses, it's mathematical equation, as the customers opt to play different proposition bets, be it Lucky 6, pairs and ties whatever, it plays to house advantage. And I do think you're seeing baccarat -- changing the baccarat, I start with long time ago, it's evolving to a different place and it's helpful, the industry -- as these different bets evolve. As you know, the flat bets or the bank player is not as advantageous to house as pairs and ties in that Lucky 6. So, hopefully, we'll see a trend up to 25, 26, 32, 67. But the truth of matter is we're delighted to see, the volume of play we've got, the whole percentage wasn't material. But I think, it's material to keep your eye on what's happening in the baccarat business since that is the predominant game, and the game's diversification into more proposition bets is very healthy for the house, not just our house, it just so happens we have more house than anybody else over there. So, the benefits flow to us. But as far as it being materially different from the quarter before, it's not. It's pretty much the same range. 
Joe Greff : And then switching over to Singapore, as my follow-up. Rob, do you think you're getting a lot of business from China go into Marina Bay Sands that otherwise for whatever reason right now might be hesitant to go to Macao? 
Rob Goldstein : No. I don't think that's an issue at all. I think, the customers we've gotten to Singapore, it's foreign-based, as you know. Our growth proposition is interesting as we look at that business in Singapore. When we built that -- when Sheldon really developed that 13, 14 years ago we sat in this room and penciled that. And one thing we did, we couldn't have seen the dynamic growth Joe in the premium mass -- super premium mass that comes from all over the rim, and so we built a typical very nice hotel, but with lots of suites for high-rollers or rolling customers and lots of typical guest rooms for other. The evolution of the premium mass, especially the super premium mass from all our places, all over the rim, not just China has really changed the dynamic and that miss on our part, which we couldn't have seen it, we just were blind to it, it didn't exist. But that's why we're doing number four to make that tower really target specific, high level of focus on the premium mass customer that we don't get enough of them, and that's where the growth option resides in, in Singapore. The other piece I think we add to the Singapore discussion, this arena we're building, people don't quite understand the importance of that arena in Macao is breathtaking. When you look at our business, week-after-week, month-after-month we just can't get enough arena business there because the casino wants it so badly. It drives customers' decisions, when to come, where to stay. It's a ridiculous advantage that we don't have in Singapore and that will correct in a few couple of years, we opened four. But I think in Singapore, it's not about more business coming from China or less, it's about that property to achieve its total potential, taking the CapEx dollars we're going to deploy and being laser-focused on the segments that drive it, and that's the miss in Singapore in terms of -- we make a lot of money there, we're very proud of the operation, but there is so much more growth opportunity when we get the suites and rooms right, the entertainment right. It's going to be -- I think surprise people how much upside there is in Singapore. Very desirable place to visit, very safe, very user-friendly, enormous retail.  Our mall just continues to -- we were there last month, it's shocking how good it looks and feels. Our new nightclub business there. I just think we just have a lot of growth potential in Singapore, and it's going to be the entire rim. Wealthy people, affluent people who want an exceptional resort experience will come to Singapore. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. 
Felicia Hendrix : Good afternoon and welcome back Sheldon, it's super nice to hear you there and comforting as well. 
Sheldon Adelson : Super nice to hear me too. 
Rob Goldstein : Always good to hear from you Felicia. 
Sheldon Adelson : I haven't said A dividends for a long time. 
Felicia Hendrix : It was nice to hear. So, just switching gears to Vegas, lodging is not a big part of your business in the chart, in the deck it showed that your table drop was down year-over-year in kind of both of those segments, for the market, we know that baccarat drop was down quarter-to-date through August, but mass drop was flat. So, just wondering on the mass side, was September down in the market or was that due just more to the types of conventions or groups you have in your casino, and I think in the past you've discussed that trying to improve that mix, so wondering where you are in the process. 
Rob Goldstein : Not a specific answer for September. But, I will tell you that we are focusing on getting more of this mass and premium mass business in our building again with 7000 plus accommodations, we should be getting more of it. We're looking -- we obviously keep focusing on the room product, the suite product, more attractions more F&B. I'm very pleased where our casino is going. We've seen nice baccarat play throughout the year, it was a soft quarter you're right, relative to the previous but the mass and pre-mass growth opportunities are here, but I think as you know and you referenced earlier, Felicia, it's a lodging dominant market and will continue to be. Vegas is more -- from when I started in Vegas, it was gaming-centric, now it's lodging centric. And the guy who sits next to me, has a lot to do with that. But, I think the best days Las Vegas are ahead of us in terms of, as more MICE space comes to the market, as more things happen here, we welcome the competition, welcome all the wonderful things are happening all over the town. And so, we're not going to -- I don't think you can focus on Vegas gaming for a quarter, for a week or for a month and get too excited of the way, it's going to be a steady grind to a better place. We're not going to see -- I do -- I don't think you'll see as much Asian play in Las Vegas, as you've seen in the past, because the options in Asia are so damn good that it's hard to -- we still see great players show up occasionally, but the days of us dominating Asian play, I think is over and the days of Vegas becoming probably the greatest lodging market in the world are here. And we won't be part of that transitional shift, since Sheldon authored it 20 years ago with the convention based focus. That's where I put my attention as I was looking at Las Vegas. 
Felicia Hendrix : That makes sense. Thanks. And just switching gears to Japan. Just I think conventional wisdom, is that an integrated resort there would cost about $10 billion. So, I was just wondering if we can get a reality check on that. 
Rob Goldstein : Yes, I am like, I am doing it right. It's a big number. Yes. 
Patrick Dumont : Might be light. 
Felicia Hendrix : Well, that's kind of what I'm wondering, is there any way to kind of... 
Rob Goldstein : Don't wonder too hard. Patrick, and I spent way too much time in Japan in the last 6 months. I feel like I could write a guide book. I'll say this about it, it's extraordinary place. We really enjoyed going there, but to your point, sometimes I come back and to pinch myself, I think back to the days when we developed, The Venetian with Sheldon in Las Vegas 20 plus years ago, and I remember saying to myself, my god, I am part of a $1 billion development, and it seems kind of comical thinking back on it today that you can nearly build a nightclub today for $200 million in this town. So, the reference point that you make is very, very well thought out, $10 billion, $12 billion, it does give you pause and no matter -- I once came back from a trip, and I said to Sheldon, we were having coffee, I said think about it, you could spend the equivalent of what Sheldon has spent in China for many casinos and retail malls, you spend that in one building, one IR in Japan. No matter, how good you are at this business, that must give you pause and stop and think, is that prudent? Can you really deploy, can you get the return? We've had those discussions, and we've had them with the Japanese government. And so, our Chairman and our Board will make that decision ultimately, but we and -- Patrick and I, we have learned a lot, but that's a very fair question to ask, if any operator, not just us. You know we have the balance sheet and the capability and the skill set to do it. The question is, can we get a return that -- the guy to my left is going to endorse and his Board, and we're working through those issues right now. I think $10 billion is the starting point. And I don't think anybody's going to do for less than $10 billion, unless you're going to do something, sub par. So, it's a fair question to ask. 
Patrick Dumont : Just to be clear, the $10 billion is likely in the prime city locations are being discussed. Right, there may be other locations in smaller cities besides the main cities of Japan, where the investment entry cost would be lower. 
Rob Goldstein : But we're not in that business. We're not going to Hokkaido, we're not going to -- we're going to be in a top tier city which would mandate $10 billion, and that may be light. I mean the cost of building in Japan is a big issue and the way the deals are structured, it's a challenge. And we're the guys who -- we spent $6 billion years ago and we spent 13 or 14 and 15, we were used to writing big checks. But, all that money one IR does make you stop and pinch yourself and say, can you get the returns that your shareholders deserve. 
Felicia Hendrix : So, there's kind of a cap and obvious follow-up to that, it seems like there could be a scenario where you guys just say, overall we're not going to get the kind of returns, and we'll let someone else participate in Japan? 
Rob Goldstein : We're not there yet. It's always fair, anything we look at, we look at, in the end it's really Sheldon and the Board to make that decision. But, everything we look at is predicated on return on invested capital. We have a great balance sheet, the reason why we don't do the things just to do them. We do them because they make great sense for the company and I think Macao -- by the way, it's hard to be the opportunities we face in Macao and Singapore. Those two growth opportunities, we're spending billions in both -- but it's money that's so well spent. Our Macao results, I hope I can't wait for a couple of years now to see the results we're doing in the Macao, both in the Londoner and the Four Seasons . I can't wait to see the result of all the infrastructure, the government's doing there is exceptionally good for the market. It's been a great, and very enjoyable to watch Macao from a infrastructural development. The new trains coming to Gongbei, all the infrastructural improvements there are really helpful to the market, and as we have tip our hat to the government for doing that. Same thing in Singapore, what we're building there with that theater, and those new rooms is going to be a very, very good thing for this company in terms of invested capital returns.  Japan will take a little more thought process. We're starting, not writing off, we're deep into it and we'd like to be there, but to your point, we've got to make sure, at the end of the day, it's prudent and the returns Sheldon's always said 20. So, it's going to be a big number to make it work. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. 
Shaun Kelley : Hi, good afternoon everyone and pass along my best wishes to you Mr. Adelson as well. Just wanted to touch on a couple of things. One, was just in the detail around the expansion that you're planning for the Cotai Strip. It looked like perhaps the timing or for the opening on the Four Seasons slipped a little bit, I think we've heard plenty about construction challenges in the market there. But, can you just give us an update on just general construction progress and timeline for some of the things that are scheduled to open and any chance at the Four Seasons or you do you have some rooms available for Chinese New Year? 
Rob Goldstein : Shaun, that thing's referenced page 19 ongoing strategic reinvestment. Page 19 gives you a great snapshot of our timing on this thing. You're right, we had a little delay in some of the issues in the Macao, but I think we're going to get to these timelines that we feel pretty confident. That Four Seasons, pretty much -- there is gaming happening as we speak today in the Four Seasons Macao. There is a new gaming salons -- I think 13 tables open. We are working through the room issues. The rooms, by the way, there is 290 of them. These are immense 2,000 square foot to 4,700 square foot, so these are mind-blowing suites relative to the market today. The Londoner, again -- there's rooms open -- about 150 open currently already. The gaming salons have not started nor the facade, that will happen in 2020 and into 2021. There has been some slippage due to the process there, but it's moving ahead.  We have rooms opened in the Four Seasons? Yes, we will by Chinese New Year have some rooms open. But fully complete it probably, unfortunately, it will be second quarter of ‘20. My mom used to tell me, all good things are worth waiting for, they'll be worth waiting for. It's going to be a game changer; Four Seasons is a whole new place, a whole new world that will be the best product in Macao in terms of size and quality, and I think Londoner will be a very strong sister to the Venetian. So, that page is very -- it says it all. Tells you the dates and times, and it answers all your questions. 
Shaun Kelley : Great, thanks. Thanks for the detail. And then, just as sort of a broader follow up and I appreciate that VIP remains a smaller and smaller portion of the business, but Rob, could you just give us your kind of color or thoughts on, specifically some of the -- we know about some of the challenges around, maybe specific junkets and some of the kind of credit policies, as it might relate to broader China. But your thoughts, specifically on some of these frontier markets because we hear that come up from time to time in our conversations with investors as well about, the Philippines and Cambodia and some of the competitive offerings there. So, just kind of what's your take from all the time you spend on the ground, and the market? 
Rob Goldstein : Well, the numbers speak themselves in Macao. It's been challenging there, and I think the government will deal with those issues in the Philippines, etc, is not my area to comment on. I think whatever happens, you can read about it like I do, in terms of the Chinese government's take on all that, and we'll leave that to the government. As far as Macao, we've been doing this a long time. We've watched that market ebb and flow, and we're certainly in a difficult time period. I'd like to say, it always resurrects, and it always seems to have in the past I believe will get better. I just don't know when, I don't know how. As you referenced, it's about 7% or 8% of our composite EBITDA. But yet, it does have a value to us, we love to pick up some more profitability there. One thing we are doing by building the Four Seasons product, and even the Londoner, our portfolio is just tailor-made now for that junket space of the junket resurrection, if and when it happens. I really don't want to pretend to know, how and when that comes back. I've been wrong in the past, thinking it will be a difficult time, and they were on some life support situations a couple of years ago and they climb back up the hill, all the way. I'm rooting for them, we want to see it get better, but it's hard for me. We spend a lot of time in Macao, listening to a lot of people, there is a lot of divergent opinions. I would say, we're rooting for that segment. We believe that segment will get better, but I just don't know how to be -- give you insight, that's valuable as to when and how it resurrects. So, without avoiding the question, that's an honest answer. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. 
Robin Farley : Great. Thank you Sheldon, glad you're back, nice to have you back. Two questions. One is on Japan. There are some others that are talking about consortiums and partners in Japan, so I'm just wondering what your latest thoughts are on that and then I have a cash flow question. 
Patrick Dumont : Sure. So, in Japan, we are very confident in our ability to execute in a rate of resort there, to the standards of all of our other developments. I think, it would be helpful for us to look in the Japan market and find partners that could be useful to assist in the overall development, and that could be partners that we trade with, that could be partners that invest with us. We're really meeting with people now, attempting to understand the dynamics of each individual market and looking to develop relationships to see how we can be helpful and they could be helpful to us. So, much like some of the other potential concessionaires in the market, we're looking around to see if it's viable, how it might work and what the mechanics would be, but it's something that could be very helpful if we come to the right structure and the right set up. 
Robin Farley : Great, thank you. That sounds a little bit more open to partners, maybe than what we've heard before. That's helpful, thanks. And then my other question is on share repurchase, just looking at the amount of share repo in the quarter, it's like a bit lower than the run rate in the first half of this year and in 2018. Just what are your thoughts on share repurchase, what we should expect going forward, if there was something different about this quarter just getting more cautious because of VIP business or that kind of thing? Thanks. 
Patrick Dumont : So, I think when our Board meets quarterly and when our management team talks with the Chairman, we really think about total capital allocation, and one thing that's been a hallmark of our Chairman's activities and developments as I said before is really that capital allocation. You can't just think of the share repurchase without considering our CapEx and our dividends. If you go to Page 29 and you look at the remarks that the Chairman made at the beginning the call, you'll see that we in effect committed to spend north of $5 billion over the next couple of years. And so, we think reinvesting in the business is a much stronger indication of our view of the potential growth that we have, versus return of capital through share repurchases. We've always said that the cornerstone of our capital return policy is the dividend. You see that the Chairman raised the dividend $0.08 for the upcoming year, which we're very excited about, we think it's very shareholder friendly. And, if you look at the capital expenditures that we intend to make this year, and in the years coming up we feel very strong, these will be very high return projects. And we think these projects will facilitate a much greater level of capital return over time. So, we're being very cautious with the way that we purchase shares, and as we said before, it's something that we would modulate as our cash flows become available. So, what you're really looking at is a holistic view of capital investment, the dividend cornerstone program and then excess cash flow being returned to shareholders through repurchases. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research. 
Jared Shojaian : And just to echo everyone's comments, Mr. Adelson really is great to see you doing better and to hear you on this call. So, just sticking with the VIP and the mass trends here. If I look at Slide 36, the VIP contraction has taken a step down obviously it's getting worse, but if I go back to slide 16, the mass GGR is actually accelerating here sequentially. So, I'd love to just get your thoughts on why you think mass has decoupled so significantly, why mass has really remained insulated from a lot of the -- some of the macro weakness we've seen in China? 
Rob Goldstein : First of all, thank you for pointing out slide out, it's my favorite slide, I could look at it all day long. I think what you've seen is this become, I mean the investment proposition in Macao going back to beginning, was always 1 billion there or so people at your doorstep, that was always the whole idea of Macao, and all you're seeing now is the maturation of that thought process. VIP has created all kinds of headlines and all kinds of stops and starts, but the one thing that's always been true is -- the one thing that Sheldon really did when he built this thing, we built all these casinos back in the day, people just didn't understand it, well, how many do you need. While other people were thinking about it, we were building them. As people were talking about what they were going to build some day in ‘23 or ‘24, we're building it now.  So, we've never been reticent to spend money in Macao. We've always believed that the engine here would be, and should be, all those people across the border. And so, as we see this, this kind of makes us feel validated, and that slide you point out indicates the steady march towards ‘20, ‘22, ‘25, ‘30 who knows when it stops? My guess is, it doesn't stop. The only thing preventing more mass growth in Macao is infrastructure, which the government has done a great job. The trains are now going to soon -- at the end of the year more trains going right into the city. I mean, they're there bypassing Zhuhai into the Gongbei border crossing. More avenues are opening up. The infrastructure, the airport. So, it's no big surprise that the Chinese -- the mass business is growing and premium is growing. It's a very different business than the junket and the rolling business, always has been, which is much more capital dependent and money movement dependent and has all kinds of issues with it. So, to my way of thinking, this is the natural evolution of this market. Think of -- it's got a back -- we always say gambling is local, the only good thing in Macao is the local market's called China. It's a big local market back there, it's not California. And it's a growth market. This is a very simple story; Chinese consumer, Chinese march towards success and middle class status is happening as we speak every day. That's why LVMH -- luxury companies can't wait to get there and have been getting there for years. That's our story, the growth -- the reason we're going to keep growing to $3 billion $3.5 billion and $4 billion is because we're building product to address that market and as the government gives us the infrastructure and gives us the airport and trains, we build the rooms and give them all the things they want. There is no reason why it shouldn't keep growing, it is growing and that's why that's where we're focused. The junket business and the rolling business was always a wonderful side business, it's always been helpful. We welcome it. But you're not going to -- the margins there just dictate that you can't invest too much capital, and expect it to make a great return. Our business as you see, even with all the macro concerns in the market today, our business keeps marching forward 8%, 9%, 10% 12% growth quarter-after-quarter.  The slide you referenced indicative of a backyard called China, and the backyard people are getting richer by the day, they want to gamble and -- by the way, if you've been to Macao recently, it's more from a place that wasn't so terrific to an incredible place to visit now. The people want to come because it's great. The rooms are great, the food is great, the retail, the shows, it has at all, and I think that's why it's happening. It's not going to stop, right. We're at the epicenter of that. Our investments -- what this Board authorized a couple of years ago to put a few billion dollars more into Macao, we want to invest more money in Macao. We're complete bulls on the growth and future of Macao, that's why Sheldon and the Board said, do the Londoner, do the Four Seasons, keep building more. When we get the green light from the government, we love to build more sleeping rooms, and more retail, and more restaurants and more entertainment, because that's the future Macao. It's not going to stop. I mean Macao has proven to be very resilient, and to your point despite the -- it's decoupled, it doesn't stop growing. In fact, the decoupling is accelerating. And also, you should know that the driver of that premium mass customer is a younger, more affluent, lifestyle driven person he or she is 35, 45 50 years old, they want the best things, they want the rooms, they want the entertainment, they want the food, they want the retail that we offer.  It's not simply a gambling play and that customer is not capital dependent on the junket side. They're very independent of the junket. So, it's both a higher margin customer, it's growing by the day and there is no reason to stop. In fact, just the opposite, it will keep growing and that slide is why that's the powerhouse of Macao. The growth is just incredible, it's just -- $15 million, $17 million $20 million, $22 million. Why would it stop? It won't. So, we're very pleased to see it. Our products speak to it, we keep investing there, and we're very grateful to be there.
Operator: And with that, we have reached our allotted time for question. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-24 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Mora and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Las Vegas Sands Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Daniel Briggs, you may begin your conference.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you. Joining me on the call today are Rob Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Patrick Dumont, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before I turn the call over to Rob, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release. Please note that we have posted supplementary earnings slides in our Investor Relations website. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the Q&A session, we ask that you please respect our request to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question so we might allow everyone with interest an opportunity to participate. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon everyone and thanks for joining us today. We want everyone to know that Sheldon is doing fine. Patrick and I were there last week in Israel and he's in great spirits. We look forward to him rejoining our next conference call in October. Let's get to our results; we had another strong quarter across all of our markets. Company adjusted EBITDA was $1.27 billion. In Macao, adjusted property EBITDA was $765 million, up 2% over the prior year. We grew our mass table and slot revenues by 6% over the prior year with record volumes in the base mass table segment. Our market share for the quarter was approximately 23% consistent with prior year. More importantly our profitability is to lead the industry EBITDA margins at 35.6% up another 20 basis points year-on-year. The Parisian Macao had a strong quarter with the adjusted EBITDA of $139 million, with mass win per day growing by 27% year-on-year aided by the introduction of our new suits. During the quarter we celebrate the 15th anniversary of the Sands Macao opening, which marked the beginning of Macao's amazing transformation. Sheldon's vision more than a decade ago to create the critical mass of integrated resorts on Cotai with hotel, entertainment, retail, and MICE facilities positions us well for the future. There is no better market in the world than Macao with regards to continuous deployment of our capital. We look forward to making additional investments in Macao as we contribute to Macao's diversification and evolution into Asia's leading leisure and business tourism destination. With the opening of the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge and the ongoing development of the Greater Bay initiatives, which we believe Macao has the potential to become the MICE capital of Asia. And we fully intend to contribute to that goal, both through our existing assets and future investments. Let's turn to Singapore. Adjusted EBITDA was $346 million. Proven MICE EBITDA was consistent with prior year at $384 million. Growing volumes increased by 23% over prior year while mass win per day was consistent year-over-year in Singapore dollar terms. The hotel continues to enjoy strong occupancy and the retail sales per square foot increased by 10%. Our Las Vegas operations had a very strong quarter with adjusted EBITDA of $136 million. During this quarter we completed the sale of the Sands Bethlehem. This project has been a great success for the company not just financially but in terms of its positive impact on the wider regional economy and local community. It's a great example of how our developments can drive economic growth for our host communities. I like to thank all the team members for their dedication and professionalism over the years, and wish them the best of luck in the future. Finally, we see to increase the return of capital to shareholders. And just like your dividend, we repurchased $180 million of stock in the quarter. Thanks for joining us today. Let's go to the questions. Dan?
Daniel Briggs: Operator, we're ready to begin the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a question from the line of Felicia Hendrix from Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix: I mean, good afternoon, I'm pleased to say good morning. I think it's because the new fonts on your deck through me, Dan. So just looking at your mass results with the base up almost 15% and premium mass down about 4%, Rob, just wondering if you could talk about the complexion of the premium mass declines? Was it mostly in the supreme mass or was it across the whole segment? And also, just wondering if you could talk about the performance fees of either ramping premium product in the market? So, I'll stop there and then I'll ask my follow up.
Rob Goldstein: Thanks, Felicia. Apologies for Dan's thought. I share your pain. Let's got to our base mass and premium mass segments in perspective, our drop in the second quarter I think was about $6.1 billion. That was up year-on-year and also quarter-on-quarter. So, think about that for a second, our second quarter drop has succeeded our first quarter, despite Chinese news and the seasonality issue. I think you all know that Q2 is typically our weakest quarter. We have the largest base mass business by far in Macao. And this quarter's performance was exceptional. On the largest base in the mark we do know the 14.7 year-on-year. I think the bridge has been helpful. But the real story here resides in our capacity in lodging, gaming, entertainment and retail assets. We dominate the base mass segment and our competitive advantage is undeniable and it will live on for quite a few years, I believe. So, I've looked at our premium mass business which you reference as well. Again, we have the largest premium mass business in Macao and the largest margin in that segment. Volumes were consistent and that's with Q1, our miss came in the whole percentage not in the volume. The volume was there, the whole percentage wasn't. Put in perspective, our mass business and premium mass business exceeds $25 billion a drop annually based on current run rate, so a miss in whole percentage point or two or perhaps three creates a massive impact on our results. I guess this is demonstrated by the results in this segment from Q1 versus Q2. You can do the math and realize the swings here are in the hundreds of millions of dollars on an annualized basis. So, let's discuss what we're doing about it in the next couple of years. While others are talking about what they're going to build down the road we are building, we're building 1200 exceptional suites for Londoner and the Four Seasons. And these are large, very large, stunning suites the highest quality will open throughout 2019. Some open actually this fall throughout 2020. And these suites are laser focused on the premium mass customer at the highest level. Our suite product will exceed most of our competitors till key camp by the end of 2020. Macao rewards quality product and scale. And we have the product to drive exceptional premium mass play as a result of our products. We expect to dominate that segment in the same manner we dominate based mass play. The future Macao today and tomorrow is mass and printing mass. And we believe rolling in chunk of business while with helpful the real future lie – our growth relies on mass and premium mass growth. The profit drivers remain these segments and the actual driver of these segments is product. Product is scale and quality. We made on this phone call a couple years ago, a very large strategic bet on the future Macao. And we decided to invest over $2 billion US at a time and others were unwilling uncertain. We made that bet. That decision we front and center next year as we complete the Four Seasons suites. We'll have approximately 3000 suites in Macao and that excludes the 750 square foot suites at the Venetian. If you include those our portfolio is over 5500 suites. Macao's future growth will be in the mass segment, our structural advantage already evident in the base miss this will not change. Our goal is to extend the advantage in the premium mass segment. In the next 18 months, we'll see the introduction of a product that's superior from a design perspective, but also from a scale perspective. And that will be proven out the next few years our performance as we get stronger and stronger in this premium mass segment. And we're very sure about how we feel about this product and how it will perform the market. So maybe that adds some color to the volume issues as well as the whole percentage issue Felicia.
Felicia Hendrix: Yeah, it is. And just the kind of follow up on that, I mean, you guys actually did come in on the mass side better than we were expecting on both mass – and both the volume and the whole or the win rather. But just kind of looking sequentially both at your mass market share and even your VIP share, it looks sequentially like you did lose some share. And I'm assuming that is kind of what you were alluding to in those comments on that premium mass side and on the VIP side there's some new products now and you're rolling yours out next year. So maybe you could just –
Rob Goldstein: I think to that point, we – again, to be real clear about this, our successes quarter 14% year-on-year growth in base mass shows the power of these products we have currently in the market. But I think our future success will dominate base mass, I think for the next five years, I don't see anything else happening in the market, it would really hurt us in terms of that growth. But we really want to focus and be laser focused on that premium mass customer. We believe that customer response to product. So, you open a Londoner with approximately 5800 keys, a brand new façade, a brand new casino floor, you get that Four Seasons building open with 290 super large suites of quality, the same thing with the suites inside Londoner on the APEC side. And all of a sudden you had a product that probably is undeniable to our suite capacity, and all the retail and the other price we have in that market entertainment. I think it puts us in a position for the future that is dominant. I just believe that – I think the success at Macao in Morpheus is evident. We see that time and time again, product works in this market. And we're dedicated to giving not just large scale product, but great quality product. And I think our success attrition as evidenced by the comments in the opening, we opened that hotel to about $100 million run rate per quarter, it's now morphed to 140, 50, 60. It's a $600 million store performing very, very well. And the growth there comes out of premium as in that new suite product at the present. We expect the same to happen. We've seen it at Venetian; we've seen the Parisian they will happen again at Four Seasons. Think about a brand new Four Seasons building with gaming capacity, 290 exceptional suites. And then on top of that, we open Londoner. Our portfolio is going to be in a very different place inside the next 18 months.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, but for this quarter what place are you in just in terms of some of the competing product that's out there.
Rob Goldstein: Well, I think you see that we're still – we're number one in the market in both base mass and premium mass. The growth again this quarter, for the lack of growth is more tied to – our volumes were fine, we're consistent, Q1 was consistent with Q2 which I think is a great statement. Where we've missed is in the quarter where you weren't called normalized whole percentage and how you address that these days is confusing that's evolving that whole situation what you think is it 22, is it 24, is it 25, people raising their estimates, but our miss again is tied to our whole being different in Q2 than Q1. And that's the whole difference. Our base mass was extraordinary. It's our premium mass that missed and especially the [indiscernible].
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, great. Thanks for all that color.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Another question from the line of Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: Good afternoon, so just on Singapore a bit. The increased entry libraries went into fact in the beginning of April, how are you seeing that effect play? Thanks.
Rob Goldstein: Yeah, it's negative in terms of – we've had some pushback against the levy but hasn't affected our volumes very much. It's been – it's phenomenal, you would expect the price increase to see some pushback and has been from the low end of the customer base. It's already stabilized and probably the upswing. Now, the impact is negligible. It's a few points maybe of drop on the non-rolling. And I think you'll see a comeback in Q3 and Q4. Like anything we price it up there's going to be initial negative reaction, no one's celebrating the increase of HTC. But it's not material and that impactful.
Thomas Allen: Helpful, thanks and then just in terms of Vegas, your baccarat business was really strong in the quarter recognizing you had a soft 2Q 18, but it just stands out where it was strong in the face of the market weakness and some of your peers talking about weakness in that segment. Can you just talk about how – your perception of what's going on there. Thank you.
Rob Goldstein: Sure. We're very proud of Vegas performance. I think it's the best known history are not as close to it. Everything worked in this quarter from a gaming and lodging perspective. The race was strong, the occupancy, our business was very good. The baccarat grew and I think again we'll use the term highly concentrated. Our future in Las Vegas, I think is less and less dependent on the super high end and more dependent on slot, ETG and premium mass kind of mimics was happening now with it. Again, as you know, this is primarily lodging mark, we remain strong in lodging piece of our business quarter after quarter, we faltered in the gaming point, a lot of volume in someone's been holding percent this quarter we held okay, our volumes are better. I wouldn't call it a trend. I wouldn't try to extrapolate how it plays across the market in Las Vegas. I think this mark remains – you can make a lot of money here as you focus on the hospitality piece and if you have the right gaming mix and you run your full property, watch your cost. And we are good quarter and we're very proud of that we have like in the first half the retracting I think it's close to 270 EBITDA. So, we could have a record year here in Las Vegas. But again, I think on the baccarat piece Thomas, less inclined to believe that's going to be a trend that we're going to see quarter after quarter of strong performance. I do think we'll see our overall table and slot business ramp up especially in the premium mass side. We're building product for that. We're just not in the casino floor. We're very – we run our business very close to the vest, look at everything we can do on the floor to maximize profitability in this quarter it really paid off and it will pay off the rest of the year.
Patrick Dumont: One of the things to note is that we have been reinvesting significantly in Las Vegas over time. So, we'd like to believe that through those investments, both the room product and the casino floor, both on the Palazzo side, food and beverage operations as well as the rest of the campus, that you see some growth in cash flow. So hopefully this can continue because we're going to continue to invest and hopefully grow the market.
Thomas Allen: Makes a lot of sense. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff of JPMorgan.
Joe Greff: And good afternoon, guys. Rob, my question really relates back to the Macao premium mass results. Just I'm understanding all your comments which we appreciate. You're saying premium mass volumes in the 2Q were consistent with the 1Q, so I'm presuming you're saying that flat sequentially, what we're doing in that –
Rob Goldstein: I think it's down 25, 3% if I recall.
Joe Greff: Okay and what would it be on a year-over-year basis, so just not taking into account variations and whole percentage.
Rob Goldstein: Yes, and a premium mass drop in Q1 of '18 versus – Q2 '18 versus Q2 '19.
Patrick Dumont: Correct. Jeff, that's not really something that we put out publicly just in terms of the way to compare it with that breakdown. So, I think just in general, you should look at the wins for guidance and just see that. The business itself is healthy. In the long run, it's going to continue to grow based on the investment that Rob referenced in the earlier question around how we see the business and what our positioning is. And in the long run, this is something that will do quite well, right. I think the key thing here is if you look back as the best that the Sheldon made more than a decade ago, this brilliant bet to invest in scale, to invest in non-gaming amenities, to really create the critical mass that allows people to show up and have a lifestyle type experience. So, they can go to a show, go to retail, go to the best restaurants that they've been to, and then stay in some of the highest quality suites that are offered in the world. You're going to realize that with the additional suite products that Rob referenced, we're going to have premium mass growth. We're going to see the best customers available come to us because of the amenity mix, because of the experience we offer to them, because of the high quality gaming environments that we have. So, we don't typically get this granular on premium mass drop in the way to split is because at the end of the day, the business is managed, in aggregate from the standpoint of production on return on invested capital. And so, when you look at our results over time, we think we've been very good at capital allocation, we think we've been very good at investing in the right assets to the right quality level, we're getting better at it. And we think this next step that Rob referred to is going to really leverage the initial bet that Sheldon made years ago and scale and propel us to the next category. So, I think you look at this year-over-year and 2Q '18, you see that we – our mass table win was 663 million, it's a great – it's a – it's a spectacular number. And then we did 635 this quarter again, there's some hold in there, there's some other factors in there. But as a practical matter, the business continues to be very healthy. So, I think you have to think about this as a long term business. And you have to think about it the trajectory that we've experienced over the last couple of years, particularly as the inbound or the outbound tourism growth from China has been [indiscernible]. So, we feel very strongly about.
Rob Goldstein: So, I think that – just a comment further on the ecosystem we have there besides the new Apple store, the theatre and the retail and the endless advantages we have. I do think you have to pay attention in suite mix in Macao. Again, a lot of people talking about they're going to build this and build that. I don't blame them. The most coveted asset in Macao today is rooms and suites. The one thing everybody wants more of is rooms and suites. And I think it's clear to see where our trajectory has been last four or five years in that segment, we just keep growing year after year, whether we missed by a quarter by a point or two or grow by a point or two the fact is we're approaching this year, probably $25 billion in those two segments base and premium, you put that against anyone else's business, there's no comparison. When we get lucky where we hold at the high end of range, we have $800 million, $900 million opportunities, we don't hold lucky we hold down the 750 or 740 range. But in the end, if you look at where we're going with our product offerings and our suite and table, our entertainment our retail, scale and size and quality, I think it's undeniable we're going to go in this premium mass segment. We won't be able to dominate as clearly as we do with the base mass, but I think we'll come off to close.
Joe Greff: Got it, it's helpful. And then just my follow up, I think I know the answer to this, but I just want to get clarification from you guys. When I'm looking at Sands Cotai – Sands [indiscernible] performance in the 2Q front, would you say anything that was being negatively impacted by any renovation disruption or any pre planning or anything related to the Londoner?
Rob Goldstein: Yeah, you've got – you've 1200 keys we're ripped apart and being transformed into 600 keys, you've got a massive problem in terms of just it just happens. You can't do it quietly. Then you have the disruption that Conrad as a result of the transformation of forest of the holiday into the Londoner suite product and then the facade issues are sort of happening out there. I wouldn't call it national problems, but I'd call there's absolute disruption to some degree coming out of the transformation of Holiday into Londoner, and the Jason Conrad, the noise et cetera. Yeah, it's still a 1200 room transition 600 as a lot of banging and hammering. And this will be upset about it. You can't avoid disruptions when you're transferring your building like we're doing that it's going to get worse, I think, as we get into this further in the year.
Joe Greff: Great, thank you. I appreciate the comments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley of Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon, everybody. Rob sorry to beat the dead horse on this a little bit, but just on the on the premium mass side. I mean, I think we all have a pretty good feeling for how concentrated some of the VIP businesses especially in market like Singapore and Las Vegas. Can you just give us a little more color maybe at a broad level on the customer base that you're seeing in premium mass in Macao and just – you talked about the sensitivity around how important a couple point to hold here can be. Is it just a fragment of the customers that are able to move the dial across the whole business or kind of how concentrated is it just to give us a little bit more color in terms of what to expect from a volatility perspective going forward?
Rob Goldstein: Let's begin with apples and oranges. You've heard the expression apples and oranges, VIP in Las Vegas and VIP Premium direct rolling in Singapore is night and day apples and oranges versus premium mass and Macao. Macao is a mass premium market with thousands and thousands of customers. In Las Vegas, I say concentrating – I mean, concentrated, especially in the baccarat Asian piece. That's a very different audience. Same thing in Singapore, I wouldn't mix those two up. It's very important. What you see in China – in Macao is extraordinary. It is a think about the comment, in all the years I've done this. There's never any market and never will be a market. That one company has $25 billion of roll of drop in a year think about how staggering that number is $25 billion in premium mass and mass. It's not one, it's not 10, it's not 50, it's thousands of people coming in. That's why we're building all these suits and all this product that's laser focused on getting our fair share in fact beyond our fair share, we want to punch above our weight. And so, in Singapore that's the game plan there as well. Be very careful when you allude to VIP because when I think of VIP in Singapore, I think of a very concentrated direct rolling customer. Premium mass is a horse with different color and that customer we are targeting with our new expansion in Singapore, but our – so you know how we're thinking about this is clear. We want to be the dominant player in Asia, in the premium mass baccarat and mass baccarat business. These assets we're constructing or designing for that audience. We've already because what Sheldon did a decade ago, the scale business, we dominate that, that's pretty clear from the numbers, 15% growth on a huge base mass platform. But to have this thing, these suites especially in Singapore as well as Macao, this is not a small market. This is a very large pool of customers coming out of China, but also from the rip and so I wouldn't worry about. And my point of whole percentage is just that – my point is we don't know what the – the whole percentages are moving. I mean, people are constantly updating their whole percentage formula. And it's a very complicated, evolving process in Asia, especially in Macao. It's a fascinating market, but it evolves constantly. The Chinese customer makes counterintuitive bets in my position. They play longer. They have a different exit strategy than other customers. Large players oftentimes make – that's not discipline but play their proposition play some long hours. The market mix in Asia, in Macao and in Singapore is so different than the US. And of course, gambling in Asia is not as frequent as ever available as is the US. So, when they come to Macao or Singapore, it's more of a – it's like Vegas was 30 years ago, it's unusual, it's unique, so they stay longer, they play larger, they don't run for the table and they get a head. They bet counter-intuitively. This is a very different audience, but please be careful when you make that comment about is the same as Singapore in Vegas high end, no, it's not. It's a pool of probably 10s of thousands of Asian people who play at that level and it's the reason why Macao is so incredibly important to the data product to address that.
Shaun Kelley: Perfect that that definitely answers the question and then the other thing I just – for my follow up wanted to touch on to hit on the capital you guys are investing to target this customer war, I believe you mentioned a couple of times, both in comments and in your prepared remarks that some of the suite product for the Four Seasons is going to open in the fall. Is that new? And can you give us a little bit sense of how much capacity could come online? You sort of a little bit more about how many rooms and what the timing of that might look like?
Patrick Dumont: Hey, it's Patrick. I think if you turn to page 16 in the deck, what you'll see is a slide consistent with one that we've published previously, where we lay out exactly the timeline that we see right now, around these new suite product coming online. So, if you look at the Four Seasons, we're talking about sometime towards the end of Q1 and our goal is Chinese New Year. So that's when you should really start seeing the impact of the Four Seasons suite product.
Shaun Kelley: Okay, sorry, I thought I heard something about fourth quarter, but I appreciate that. Thanks, Patrick.
Patrick Dumont: No problem.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Anil Daswani of Citi.
Anil Daswani: Thanks for taking my question guys. My first one is on the VIP segment, now some of your competitors have opened new VIP products and have actually managed to do the opposite of the market trends. Is there anything you can do different to your product on the VIP side to try and take some share from some of your competitors?
Rob Goldstein: Yeah, two slots in there – we went – I was there last time in Macao, we toured the new product lead, it was at Macao and also when I believe and they're great salons we're opening the Londoner and Four Seasons brand new salons. I think there'll be very competitive and open next year and they're great product and to your point yes, we can open salons. However, I would be careful in terms that we look at the numbers in those salons and the junk of business in general of the margin and the flow through. We as you see it more deck somewhere represents for sub 10% of our business comes out of the rolling especially junket segment. You know we want to be in that state we always say will be in that segment will spend the capital, we'll compete and we'll compete favorably. But I would caution people to look at the flow through and the margins coming out of the junket business. With the erosion of that segment up with the margins it's less appetizing for the market, but having said that we'll certainly participate. Our new salons at the Four Seasons and at the Londoner will be very competitive and we plan to participants. Yes.
Anil Daswani: Thank you as a follow up, could you also tell us what the plans are for the expansion at Marina Bay Sands? Is there a timeline that you can share as to when the new VIP stuff or premium mess stuff in Singapore will be coming online?
Rob Goldstein: So, you're pointing to the actual project itself or the stuff that we mentioned in Tower 1?
Anil Daswani: I guess something you mentioned in Tower 1 as well as the expansion, please.
Patrick Dumont: Yeah, I think if you go to the deck, we've included this slide that we included previously about the Singapore expansion starting on page 22. I think the way to think about it is, as we said before, our goal is to kind of open by the end of 23 kind of be an operation, January 1, '24, we'll see if we can get there. We're working hard to do so. And I think we don't have a precise timeline yet, for the Tower 1 activities. So that's going to be dependent on obviously, the required approvals and some work to get done. We just have to make it happen. So, it's probably going to be a year or two before that comes online. So, nothing near term, we just have to work through that and get the necessary approvals before we can say.
Rob Goldstein: Yeah, I just – to follow on Patrick's comments, what's happening in the so, I should mention to you that our mass casino floor is going through renovation currently and will open renovated by summer of 2020. The new super premium mass levels level two open early 2020, H levels two and three in 21. And keep in mind we're adding additional slot machines, late '20 and another 400 roughly in the balance in '21. So, 500 more games to the floor in '21 and so the market does 700 to 800 hours per unit per day is pretty impacting.
Anil Daswani: Thanks for taking my questions guys.
Patrick Dumont: No problem, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli of Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli: Thanks, guys. Good afternoon. Rob, could you talk a little bit on the VIP side as to where you guys kind of are? And I know you're not going to give specific numbers, but where you are with respect to your direct mix of VIP relative to your junket and maybe just benchmark that against prior periods in the history of you guys operating in that business in Macao.
Patrick Dumont: Hey, it's Patrick, one thing we don't actually provide that breakdown, we kind of view VIP as a whole as a way to kind of think about the mass win in that business. So just as a practical matter, I think what you'll see is that we're kind of following the trend of the overall Macao market for VIP. And unfortunately, we witnessed a little bit of a contraction in that business. I think the prior question was about our products. We feel like over time as we continue to invest the substantial capital over deploying in Macao that will be much better positioned to grow VIP when there's a rebound the future. This is a business that's seen some cyclicality across years, seen some challenges in the way, customers utilize that type of business and over time, it's always been resilient. And so, we'd like to believe that we're poised to take advantage of the return when it occurs. And in the meantime, we'll keep servicing the customers there as best we can. But in terms of providing specific breakdowns, that's not really something that we're going to we're going to provide at this time.
Carlo Santarelli: Understood, Patrick, and maybe if you wouldn't mind. Could you comment a little bit about how you see kind of the junket business shaping up here over the medium term just in terms of consolidation that's occurred within the junket industry and whether you see that kind of continuing or you see that the market may be starting to become a little bit more fragmented as we look out over the next two to three years?
Patrick Dumont: It's hard to take that. I don't think it's hard to predict. Obviously, junkets are going to a very, very interior with what's happened in the last month or so. Yeah, it's hard to predict what the junket business ends up being. We're hoping for a resurrection to come back, as we always done that in the past, I assume we'll have a future as well. But there's other markets out there and some of the structures and some of the ways they can gamble makes it hard to figure out how Macao figures into that. I mean, it's confusing. The things that are allowed regulatory wise from other jurisdictions, it's hard for us to really ascertain where the junkets want to go. You know, they want us to redirect our efforts to other jurisdictions. I think that's the biggest question, I think mark will be there, demand is there. I assume liquidity will be okay. But where the customers want to go and where the junkies want to send them. And so, it's hard to say. We always know in the end it's driven by – product is essential, we'll have the product, but the reality is, I mean, it's a low margin business, and it's challenging. And I think again, it's been challenging structurally from Macao to compete, if other jurisdictions do things and Macao doesn't allow and I applaud the efforts of the Macao regulators to keep it the way it should be, which is done with the integrity in quality. The Macao people, I think have stepped up and done the right thing. And we applaud their efforts. It's quite note – it's noble to run the business properly and not allow things happen that have been happening. So, we're hoping for a comeback in Macao. So, we have a product ready for that come back. But as you alluded to earlier, we have another side of our business interacting, and that customer adore our salons our suites if in fact the junkets don't participate. But I think we both know Macao is still a very desirable jurisdiction albeit regulated, regulated properly. So that's the way it should happen.
Carlo Santarelli: Great, guys. Thank you very much.
Patrick Dumont: Thanks Carlo.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley of UBS.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. I just wanted to see if you could comment on – I don't know if you have any expectations for the timeline for rebidding on concessions in Macao to stay expectation when might be our fee in the next 12 to 18 months, anything along those lines. Thanks.
Patrick Dumont: We currently don't have any information and we're eagerly waiting what we should do. But that being said, we're very proud of the investment that our chairman made when he first started building in Macao and how that blossoms into the largest portfolio of non-gaming amenities. And we also believe that because of our strong relationships and support for small and medium enterprise, we're very well positioned to continue. So, we feel like we've been a very good corporate citizen, we've contributed meaningfully to the economy there. We've done the things we've been asked to do to diversify the economy away from non-gaming. And we're prepared, so we think we have a great case to make for the future. And we're just eagerly waiting.
Robin Farley: I guess one of your other concession holders have talked about big non-gaming investment may be added to their – not necessarily anything that would have to be added before a concession renewal would be known about. But do you have – you're obviously investing tremendously right now in your Macao properties. When you look out a little further, are there additional things that you think about doing or even have room to do that could add as well outside of what you've already announced for the next two years?
Rob Goldstein: Hi, Robin its Rob. I think about it every day. We like to invest with both hands in non-gaming assets because I think if you look our history, we've done it without being really – they asked us to do things and we over responded. And you see the investment made there with the hotels and the entertainment and the retail and all the things that people thought were crazy are not crazy today. But we like to invest with both hands and the future Macao. We are such believers in the juice. We're proud to be there. I think Pat alluded to what was done 15 years ago, I remember watching it and thinking to myself with this payoff and obviously Sheldon's scale thought process paid off beyond my understanding, it continues to pay off. And I think we would be thrilled. Sheldon, if you ask to invest many more billions of dollars would ask how fast can you get there. And so, we're eagerly waiting for the government’s advices. We are very, very proud of what we've done in Macao. It's been one of the greatest experiences I've ever had in this business. And the government's been nothing, but supportive or proudly part of that process there. We're very proud to be part of the – we talked about our points of view, which is clear, we'd like to see it evolve even further to maybe the greatest non-gaming jurisdiction. Our retail business there, our entertainment business, our non-gaming lodging business, it's just – we are huge believers. And we think we're at the beginning that the end of Macao success. So, all they have to do is tell us how much is where and Mr. Adelson will be the happiest guy in the world to write a very big check.
Robin Farley: Okay, great, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian of Wolfe Research.
Jared Shojaian: Hi, good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. Just to stick with the premium mass theme for a second, I know this might be a hard question to answer. But do you think the conclusion is that links of play is down from 1Q to 2Q? And then as I think about a normalized run rate for mass win percentage, do you think 1Q was more of an anomaly or do you think 2Q is more of an anomaly?
Patrick Dumont: Good question, Justin, good question. Well, the first question you asked about the time play I don't think that's worth worrying about. We don't see any evidence of that, if anything this market. If you haven't spent enough time there watching the way these customers come and gamble and again, the only legal jurisdiction available to close to mainland China is Macao. And in case you haven't been there recently, it's extraordinary place. I mean, it's evolved to a place I think one of the reasons Vegas will have a difficult time in the future is it's such an attractive environment for gamers. And it's got all the bells and whistles, all the dining and retail and entertainment if you want right across the bridge there. So, it's pretty extraordinary and the bridge, of course added – it gilded that already big lily. So, I don't worry at all about Chinese people gaming longer. That's not a problem at all. As far as you know, that business where it goes just gets bigger and better. And I wouldn't worry at all about these people coming in and that business growing. As your whole percentage question, I think I alluded to it earlier. It's fasting and the Chinese market is somewhat counterintuitive. Having grown up in places like Atlantic City and Las Vegas and in Chicago and even the Caribbean, you have this belief that the larger bank rolled customers would gravitate towards the – it's called the better advantage bets, but the Chinese are counterintuitive. And they make that one proposition bets they play sometimes only proposition bets, they play far beyond the time you think they would, with most customers you worry about with you adequate time to qualify for complimentary or discounts. The Chinese just wonder if they're going to leave the table. They're a much different profile and I think that lends itself to confusion about whole percentage. We held, I think it was – what it was 25 or 24 something in Q1, I don't think there is aberration at all. It's just a question of how to mix your bets. When you have a – it all comes down to how they bet the game. So, this is this is a math business and when they make these bets that help the household higher, you're going to hold higher. And what we saw in Q1 is not aberrational. In fact, I could make the argument that the whole person is gravitating towards the higher end 24, 25, 26 versus 21, 22. The premium mass customer stays longer, has a very confusing exit strategy. They make bets that don't seem to on the face wouldn't be the right thing to do. So, I think you're going to see as premium mass get stronger whole percentages trade up. Am I prepared today was 23 versus 24 versus 20? I don't know. And I think again, depends on the mix of bets events. They bet pairs and ties; they don't go straight bet – bank player over there. They bet the lucky six, they bet things that we find somewhat confusing as operators. But it's an incredible market. Also, they come from faraway places and they stay longer. And so, when they get to Macao it's not just, they're going to go back to their home city no place the gamble, so they have an outsize gaming appetites, but clearly, it's a mathematical equation that we can always gauge. But I don't think anyone's prepared to take exactly as a 23s, 24s, 25, we do know things are trading up though the whole markets moving towards a higher whole percentage category which is helpful to us and our fellow operators, competitors. So again, as the market mix changes, players come from further away, more premium mass. I think you're going to see whole percentage trade up. Is our first quarter repeatable? I believe it's absolutely repeatable. I think this business is going to evolve further, but no one I've met can tell exactly what the whole percentage numbers should be.
Jared Shojaian: Great, thank you. That's helpful. And then can you just talk about the promotional environment on the junket side and specifically if you've seen any changes in commission structures from any of your peers?
Patrick Dumont: Now, I don't think that's an issue today. I think the junket business in flux, but I don't believe it's about as promotional, I think it is more about where the customers want to go, what the better products are and frankly it's a jurisdictional decision. I mean, I think some customers are moving towards – maybe promotional in other jurisdictions offer better bet or better circumstance than we do in Macao. But again, I think Macao will stay – it's the gold standard for the regulatory environment there in terms of keeping it consistent, keeping it accurate. I think what they've done is exemplary. And I think we're lucky to be part of a jurisdiction that runs that business in the manner the Macao does right. I don't think it's about promotional within Macao. It may be promotional outside of Macao, other jurisdictions that could be hurtful to the junkie revenues.
Jared Shojaian: Excellent, thank you very much.
Patrick Dumont: Thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of David Katz of Jefferies.
David Katz: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. I wanted to ask about, one of the areas we're constantly trying to monitor is the Chinese economy and the degree to which it is helping and hurting business and quite frankly we've seen some mixed signals in that regard. If you could share whatever perspective you might have in that regard. And my second follow up is, as I look at the capital that you've laid out between Macao and – assuming that you were successful in winning a bid in – with the winning bid in Japan, we've gotten so used to a pristine balance sheet. Where might you see that going and where would you be comfortable leverage wise as we look out over the next several years?
Rob Goldstein: I'll cover that.
Patrick Dumont: Fine, why don't we address the capital structure first? If you look at our capital structure, and you look at the nature of the way we borrowed, I think the key thing here is that we've been very conservative with the anticipation of having the opportunity to develop in Japan. So, we always wanted to make sure that we had ample balance sheet capacity to be able to fulfill our chairman's highest and best use, which is deploying capital in new projects. And so, we would only invest in something that has a high return threshold that meets his criteria and the board's criteria. And so from that standpoint, I think if you look at the timing of Japan, look at – you referenced both Singapore and Macao, you look at the timing and delivery of those projects, and the potential cash flow growth that Rob alluded to out of Macao and some of those investments and what our view is on what the appropriate return is in Singapore. You see that the timing actually fits quite well for the growth in EBITDA and decrease of the balance sheet capacities in order to fund the development in Japan. And so, we're very much looking forward to the opportunity. Unfortunately, the timeline is not so obvious and it's also not so short. It's possible that it may take several years even before an operator is selected. So, during that time, we'd like to believe that our assets in Macao and in Singapore will continue to grow their cash flows as they establish a stronger position in the market and enhance our already very strong offerings. And so, from our standpoint, we feel very strongly about our financial discipline and about our financial policies that we've addressed before. Our chairman has said that he's very focused on a two to three times leverage level, we're very focused on maintaining and upgrading our investment grade ratings, this is something that's very important to us for the long term. And we think it has very strong strategic advantages for us as a company. And so, we'll be very careful and very mindful as the board looks at these issues, to ensure that we keep our leverage level and our capital profile and our investment level and our assets to the right levels in order to ensure that we get the outcome that we're discussing. And so, we're ready for Japan and we're looking forward to the opportunity. It's just not super near term. And so, with that, we think we'll have plenty of capacity to get it done and stay within the levels that we've discussed. Alright, and I think I'll turn over to Rob a little bit for the Chinese economy question.
Rob Goldstein: Yeah, David we're here anecdotally, I don't want to say this is anything to take too seriously. But we are actively from our people work in the casino that customers are concerned with trade war is impacting some of their business thing or the entrepreneurial people probably affected more at the higher end. People own their own businesses or work for companies that are being impacted by is not a good thing from their perspective. We hear very positive feedback to why can't this war be resolved, but we don't have – based on our base mass growth and base we're seeing in general, the callous like it's doing just fine. I wouldn't want to try to put the trade war in the front and center of any real concerns other than anecdotally, occasionally hear from a VIP customer. I heard it from my customer here in Las Vegas recently Chinese customer that it's really impactful, but I don't have to clarify that or put a real number that makes any sense against the business again. When you wrote 15% your base mass and the premium mass business, we're going to have record levels this year. How do you complain? How do you really find concern? This is – now, maybe we're wrong, maybe this will ware will be resolved shortly. I see that there's a couple of things happening in the headlines and maybe have an impact to your business. It can't hurt us. It would probably help us once it's resolved. It's a positive for China, positive for the US and we're hopeful it gets resolved, but to give you real other than occasional anecdotal feedback would be incorrect. Yeah.
David Katz: Okay. Thank you very much for taking my questions.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you all for participating. This concludes today's conference call. You may now all disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-17 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Westie and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Las Vegas Sands Corp. First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Daniel Briggs.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you. Joining me on the call today are Rob Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Patrick Dumont, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before I turn the call over to Rob, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release. Please note that we have posted supplementary earnings slides in our Investor Relations website. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you please respect our request to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question so we might allow everyone with interest an opportunity to participate. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. As you know Sheldon is still receiving medical treatment, so he will not be on the call with us today, but we look forward to his recovery in due course. He did, however, want me to pass this message to everyone; amazing results this quarter; great news on the Singapore expansion; and of course, yay new developments, yay buybacks, and yay dividends. Let's turn to our financial results. We had an outstanding quarter, especially in Macao. Company-wide adjusted EBITDA was $1.45 billion. In Macao, adjusted EBITDA was $858 million, up 9% over the prior year. We achieved record mass table revenues which reached $1.5 billion, an increase of 13% year-on-year. Our profitability continues to lead the industry with EBITDA margins of 36.8%, up another 30 basis points year-on-year. The Parisian had a record quarter with adjusted EBITDA of $163 million with mass win per table growing by 21% year-on-year, aided by the introduction of our renovated suites. Next month, we celebrate the 15th anniversary of the Sands Macao opening, which marked the beginning of Macao's transformation into a world-class tourism destination for leisure and business travelers. Sheldon's vision more than a decade ago to create the critical mass of integrated resource in Cotai with hotel, entertainment, retail, and MICE facilities positions both the market and our company for future growth. We look forward to making additional investments in Macao as we contribute to Macao's diversification and evolution into Asia's leading leisure and business tourism destination. With the opening of the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge and the ongoing development of the Greater Bay initiatives, which we believe Macao has the potential to become the MICE capital of Asia and we fully intend to contribute to that goal both to our existing assets and future investments. In Singapore, MBS delivered $423 million of EBITDA. This is consistent -- this consistent strong cash flow generation was driven by mass win which reached nearly $5 million per day. The iconic Marina Bay Sands hotel continues to enjoy near full occupancy. Retail sales exceeded $1,900 per square foot. And we recently opened last week the Marquee, a Las Vegas Sands nightclub that is unique in Asia. We look forward to the contributions from Marquee as well as exciting new retailers in the near future. Over the past several quarters, we had commented on our capacity constraints at Marina Bay Sands and our willingness to invest additional capital for expansion. We are very excited. We are thrilled. We recently reached an agreement with the Singapore government to invest an additional $3.3 billion to develop a new iconic hotel tower with premium suites, a state-of-the-art entertainment arena, additional MICE capacity, and other amenities including luxury retail. Marina Bay Sands has already established itself as an iconic tourism destination. With this exciting and multifaceted expansion, we are confident Marina Bay Sands will continue to grow Singapore's appeal as a leading leisure and business tourism destination in China. We are truly grateful to the Singapore government for their support and as Sheldon said a few weeks ago, Integrated Resort development in Singapore is a tremendous example of government and private business working in tandem to maximize an opportunity that benefits all those involved. Finally we continue to increase the rate of return, rate of capital to shareholders. We raised the annual dividend for the 2019 calendar year. We repurchased $174 million of stock in the quarter. We see meaningful long-term value of the LVS and SCL equity. We thank you for joining us today and now let's take some questions.
Daniel Briggs: Operator, we're ready to begin the question-and-answer session. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon everybody. We look forward to hearing Sheldon hopefully soon.
Rob Goldstein: We do too, Joe.
Joe Greff: Rob when we look back was it the 1Q in Macao I think what surprised us was the premium mass growth exceeded that of the base mass growth. I think that's kind of contrary to what we would expect just given maybe perceptions of the market dynamics. And can you talk about what drove that and how much of that was the renovated suite product at The Parisian? I guess how even was that relative growth throughout the quarter and do you think that's sustainable?
Rob Goldstein: Well, Joe, if you're looking at your deck, turn to page 11, I think it's the nicest slide I've seen in a long time. It illustrates our growth in both base mass and premium mass. And the numbers are just extraordinary, almost $19,300 coming out of our tables from the premium side and $8,600 from the mass side. This was a challenging quarter in Macao. The comps from 2018 were strong. The smoking ban, obviously, began this quarter. China macro concerns are out there and VIP clearly is softening. And yet against this backdrop, we delivered our best quarter since 2014. And our non-rolling table revenue that you alluded to was our best in history at $1.52 billion with strong margins. The landscape in Macao has changed dramatically since 2014. This is a market driven by mass and premium mass. And as we said previously and we'll say again, we have the scale and the quality of rooms, and suites, and retail and gaming and entertainment to excel in this environment. It's just not scale for us though. I think what you have to roll is quality. And that's why we're building 1,300 new suites as we speak at the Londoner and Four Seasons. It's a lifestyle commitment by these customers. This complete package enables us to earn beyond our fair share in Macao. We believe the rolling market will resurrect it has in the past, it will in the future and we're prepared to accommodate that segment as well with our relations with the junkets, our relations with the better room quality in both the suites and the junket rooms. But I think this quarter signals our ability to perform exceptionally well in mass and premium mass and we look forward to return in the rolling market. As to where it came from, obviously you know we've told the story about The Parisian and The Parisian we converted 600 keys to 300. And some people thought that was -- might be a good idea, it might not be. It's trying to be a very good idea. The Parisian delivered an outstanding quarter driven by huge growth in the premium mass business and I think it's going to continue. The truth is that this is a market that's driven by product, by quality and by scale. We have all three. And we don't want to cede control of our junket business. We don't want to give that segment up. We plan to be a player in that. But this quarter was powered obviously by these base mass win and premium mass win and by better room product and better product in general and that's always been our calling card and it will continue to be.
Joe Greff: Great. Thank you. And then, as my follow-up question and I'm not sure if this one's actually been posed to you at least anytime recently, but maybe Patrick you can chime in here as well. Maybe you can just give us your updated views and involved views on M&A as a way for you guys to grow maybe in light of what your neighbor up the street potentially did. I just want to make sure we're kind of current on how you're thinking of external growth opportunities versus what I understand and I appreciate there's a lot on your plate with Singapore, The Londoner and then a newer market like Japan potentially. And then, if M&A is some sort of potential growth driver, under what criteria would you engage in M&A? And that's all for me. Thanks.
Patrick Dumont: Thanks, Joe. It's Patrick. I think I just want to highlight something that I think we said in some prior calls. Our highest and best use of capital is having our Chairman develop new high-growth properties. And so, we kind of look at everything through that lens. And I think as you look at the expansion Singapore that we've been very fortunate to reach agreement on, and you look at the investment that Rob just spoke about regarding some of the new developments that we're doing in Macao, activating some old assets as well as refreshing the SCC building into The Londoner, we think new development and renovations in very Taoist, very positive growth markets is the best way for us to deploy capital. I think for us it's really tough to get comfortable with an M&A opportunity given how successful we have been doing what we've been doing. I think it's hard to look at those opportunities and say that there are a better use of our capital than what we can do with our development capability as well as returning capital to shareholders, either through the dividend program or through repurchases. So our focus is on development of our existing markets in Macao, which has been a tremendous market for us historically and we believe will be even stronger in the future as well as in Singapore as well as in some of the new jurisdictions in Asia. So that's really where we're focused. I don't think you'll see us do M&A in the near term.
Rob Goldstein: Joe just to add to Patrick's comments you and I have been doing this for a long time, but there seems to be a lot of people who are just buying things and selling things as valuable. We've learned over the years that buying a few things, really focusing and getting it right, and having long-term growth in markets and finding the right opportunities to have that at mode approach is much more effective than just buying and selling. I think we want to grow. Singapore's evidence of that. We have a few things that we're looking at right now that I think are extraordinary opportunities for the company. But it's hard to emulate Macao and Singapore and perhaps Japan. These are extraordinary opportunities.
Joe Greff: Thank you for the thoughts.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling: Hey, thanks. I guess starting on Singapore. Can you talk to the returns on invested capital there? And maybe some of the specifics around the build-out and the customer you are trying to go after there especially that I think you referenced say VIP could be a little bit softer in Macao. Does that have spillover have any -- does that factor into your thoughts in terms of what you're doing in Singapore?
Rob Goldstein: Okay. Let's take a crack at this. MBS has been an extraordinary story, which is authored by an outstanding government and a visionary company and founder. It's one of the greatest development stories in the history of this industry. And tourism has soared and benefit -- tourism has soared in Singapore and we benefit as well. But Steve, when we designed MBS about 15 years ago and we built the usual thing at that time, we built nice suites at the high-end, we built a top-tier hotel as everybody else, we just couldn't have imagined that time the incredible power of the emerging premium mass segment. And that segment is demanding and they should be. We just delivered about $19,000 almost $20,000 win per table from that segment in Macao this quarter. We did it for the first time almost $5 million MBS primarily from that segment. That's where the growth is. But this opportunity in Singapore is so much bigger than even that. I mean, I think $5 million is a nice starting point. We didn't build the right room for this segment. We didn't give the premium mass, the entertainment product they wanted. This segment wants it all. It's a lifestyle segment. And with this expansion, we take dead aim at that segment. We're building 1,000 suites roughly at 1,000 square feet roughly, basically the best product we've ever built bar none any hotel in the world. We're building a large arena and partnering with the smartest and best entertainment people in the world to ensure week after week that Macao -- excuse me MBS and Singapore will become an entertainment powerhouse. And we couple that with our Cotai Arena in Macao. We have synergy there and we've become an important part of any touring entertainer's plans. The synergy from Macao and Singapore is exceptional from an entertainment perspective. The target for this audience is affluent foreign tourism in Singapore, where they want the best suites, we'll get them; the best entertainment check; the best rate there we already have it. We opened Marquee last week to an amazing response. This is a voracious consumer that wants it all and MBS will deliver it all along with a one-of-a-kind 54 -- 5th-floor gaming salon more slots more ETGs. We can't fill all the rooms when we have those days. We can't fill up the rooms of premium mass. The suites will be sold at remarkable high rates to non-gamers. The same with the MICE space, it will enable us to achieve the highest rates we can get for our 3,500 rooms and suites. This project will take Singapore and MBS to a different level to a different gear. Our industry is product driven. Look at Cotai. Does anyone believe Macao could achieve its current success without Cotai? I was there. It was a vertical building property. It was all tall buildings pinned with small acreage, few rooms, no entertainment, no retail no spa, no MICE. Macao has become supercharged by an extraordinary product. $20,000 win per unit per day in premium mass this quarter or $19,500. Look what happens if you bring Bruno Mars or Jacky Cheung or BTS or Maroon 5 or Celine Dion to Macao revenues explode. In Las Vegas, entertainment drives room rate. In Macao, it drives gaming revenue. It explodes game revenue. This will happen in MBS. It's always about the product and our business. The market for Singapore premium mass is there. It needs to be exploited. We need to give it what it wants to come. And in addition, let's mention our competitor, Genting will invest I think $4 billion or $5 billion, the same dollars to create a new product to further enhance the destination. Changi Airport already an exceptional airport just opened another key expansion. Singapore is an extraordinary place and its growth will keep coming. The government made a wise choice to enable this to happen and we couldn't be more grateful or more excited.
Stephen Grambling: Great. And changing gears to Japan, I guess. And maybe it's still too early, but how do the development products you have underway and these other markets compare to what you think is possible in Japan? And maybe what are the puts and takes to ROIC to think about in that market?
Rob Goldstein: Well, Japan is still as you know a ways out. We are deep into it. We're committed to it. We have a team on the ground there. And I think you'll see us do something in the same fashion we've done in Macao or Singapore. Our goal is -- we're looking at decades of investment investing many billions of dollars. But we don't go into markets and look for a cheap way to do things. Sheldon's approach has always been scale. It's been dramatic. It's design driven. It's a very, very special way of approaching a market. To the M&A question a few minutes ago, M&A doesn't offer the opportunities to us that Japan could or other markets could. So our commitment to Japan is immense. It will be lots and lots of rooms many, many rooms. There will be lots of retail. There will be lots of MICE, far beyond what people understand we're thinking about for Japan. The government understands that. But we are fully committed to be in Osaka. We're fully committed to make a commitment to do very well there. And you'll see us invest a lot of money to create an extraordinary product that lasts for a long time and we'll get great returns as well.
Stephen Grambling: Thanks. I’ll jump back in the queue.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Thomas Allen: Hi, how are you? So a few questions on Singapore. So VIP revenues or rolling volumes were up about 5% quarter-over-quarter. Have you seen any life there? And then your mass table revenue was up a lot and your slots were down. Any like rationale for why that -- for that dynamic?
Rob Goldstein: Yeah, I'll start with VIP, Tom. As you know we're not big believers in huge growth. It's volatile. It's driven by -- it's a very -- it's a market we've always believed could grow but it's got impediments that we find very difficult. I don't think our biggest growth opportunity will be in VIP. Could it slide to $8 billion, $9 billion, $10 billion in one quarter? Yeah it could. Could it fall back to $6 billion, $7 billion next? It could. I think we're looking basically the playing field's stable and that's about all. There is growth. There's real growth in the premium mass side and we're seeing increased tourism, foreign tourism. Again comments on the last question why we're committed to spending a lot of capital in Singapore. We think it's well underserved. I mean $5 million a day is a nice number to get to. But Macao we did $1.5 billion for the quarter and there's just no question that we can get further there in terms of the premium mass table play. Slot capacity is constrained. We are having trouble growing it. It has grown I think 650 annually. It was 675 or -- but we have had trouble growing it. We need more slot machines. This will fix that issue this expansion. There's no question it's one of the world's great slot ETG markets and there's no question this will serve us well. So the growth is there in Singapore. The growth is there in tables and slots, more on the premium side than the rolling. It's -- again it's concentrated in the rolling side. It's more difficult there, but yet the premium mass side looks like its gotten vast potential from our perspective as does the slot growth.
Thomas Allen: Powerful, thank you. And then did you change the name of the St. Regis Tower Suites to The Londoner Tower Suites? And then if you did why? And then did the timing of that just dropped a little bit?
Rob Goldstein: Yeah, we did change the name. We've decided we'll keep the St. Regis name on the current building. It's there and operating very well. We decided to be more of -- again it's more of a lifestyle brand decision on our part to focus on our own brand as part of The Londoner umbrella. We're going to control 95% of the product there. Anyway it won't be for sale. It will be comped if we're successful 100% of the time. We probably could do a better job controlling it that way and putting it under The Londoner umbrella. We are really enthused with what's happening in Londoner. We feel this is going to be a very, very successful product. And it's got focus again take dead aim at the premium mass customer in Macao, and so we thought we had better control by converting that back to The Londoner umbrella. We will retain and we're very enthusiastic about our relationship with St. Regis on the current St. Regis hotel as part of The Londoner theming. But again we thought we could do better and we're trying a different approach and you're exactly right we did.
Thomas Allen: Thanks.
Rob Goldstein: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon. Rob probably for you, but maybe to stick with Sands Cotai Central. Some of the results there have been actually holding in, I think quite strong if not better than we expected. Could you just talk about the outlook there for the property given some of the potential disruption that you get into the -- some of the more aggressive renovation phases throughout this year and early next what people should anticipate? Or can you maintain some level of activity given what you're doing in the premium mass casino areas there?
Rob Goldstein: Right. So Sheldon's theory is people want to see it before we get rid of it, which I think, is a funny theory. He said the more we talk about this, the more people keep coming. We've got a great quarter at Sands Cotai Central and I think what is remarkable is that we are in the construction there and it will worsen. I'm not prepared to define the level of disruption, because I just don't know. I mean, very candidly, I just don't know. Macao is an extraordinary place and people seem to cope with extraordinary circumstances, but we will -- we are continuing to build Londoner rooms. They are under construction currently. The process continues. The project may be -- the exterior will start happening in the summer I believe. So there will be construction. There is bound to be some disruption. I'm not prepared to quantify what that might look like. You're right though. The 200-million-plus quarter is kind of comical. Some people give me a hard time about that, and say, why get rid of something, that could make $1 billion to turn when it's growing. But I think the answer is because it probably could be closer to The Venetian. That building was 6,000 keys and we do it properly. And Shaun, we're doing it properly. The team, our design development group has really evolved and the stuff we're doing is pretty special. I'm very excited to see it open and just share it with you and the investment community. It will offer more keys than any place double The Parisian key count more suites, more theming. It's just pretty special what's going to happen there. And we're very confident that it can grow immeasurably. We talk about the M&A question. I don't think there's a better investment out there. We're going to invest dollar-wise our return there. You can't touch any place in the world, because this is going to do very, very well. I can't tell you it's going to hit Venetian numbers. That might be a little too ambitious. But it's sure going to improve a whole lot and we're extremely enthused about it. Again, don't want to speak to disruption, because I just don't know. I've been -- the consumer over there thinks differently is different. They love the room product in some of the hotels. I think the Holiday Inn conversion will mimic The Parisian. And that conversion is 1,200 keys. The 600 suites is going to be an unbelievable statement. The rooms look extraordinary. And so we couldn't be more enthused about what's going to happen as the transition evolves.
Shaun Kelley: Great. Thanks for that. And then as an update a follow-up to an earlier question just on the overall market growth you saw on premium mass. Can you just give us your kind of latest thoughts on kind of the cash comp dynamic for what you're doing with rooms? It's obviously a huge advantage for you guys given what you've got on all the product out there. Are you continuing to bump up what you're able to do on the comp side just because you see that kind of gaining demand or just what's the latest on market environment?
Rob Goldstein: Actually, we're -- I'm not sure I understand the question. Are you asking, we comp more rooms to get more demand?
Shaun Kelley: Or -- yes. Basically are you comping more rooms to drive the premium mass side?
Rob Goldstein: We'd like to comp them all, Shaun, but we don't have the demand yet. We're at 55% I believe portfolio-wide. The truth is, I mean, that's -- you cannot get -- there's no customer in the world that pays the kind of rates you get from a premium mass gaming customer. And our goal is to keep moving towards more and more comped rooms. That's always been the goal. We do have MICE demand midweek. Sheldon's prophecy is coming true. MICE demand certainly picked up. The bridge is going to be a major driver. We're going to have a great problem someday in Macao. We already run in the 90s, but the truth is Macao needs more rooms. We have huge competition in this segment. Cash business there is booming. Comp business is picking up. Premium mass is showing strong. MICE business is evolving. The bridge will change that. I wish, we just had 5,000, 10,000 more rooms because we could use them painfully so.
Patrick Dumont: And the environment there Shaun, just to add onto that has been very stable. In fact, on the same number of rooms we're using for comp, the cash piece of reinvestment is actually decreasing as a percentage of revenue and you see this kind of growth, which is a pretty extraordinary performance by the team there.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix from Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix: So you guys okay, if I ask a question about Las Vegas for a second?
Rob Goldstein: Sure. You can ask of any one Felicia.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you. Well, knowing the side of this is part of your business. But I just -- I was wondering, especially since you guys are the first ones to report how the quarter progressed January through March, because we know that the January and February market RevPAR was strong, clearly March not as much given your RevPAR is up. So I wanted to know, if you could just talk about that. But also February was a tough baccarat month. We saw that in your numbers. Wondering if you've seen the demand for the Chinese high-rollers pick up? And then finally just on this Las Vegas question. You said in the last call that you were well positioned for a group in the year. So is that still the case? So overall like barring all this volatility, how do you think Vegas in general and your property performs for the rest of the year? I thought it was really interesting in the deck that you said that one of the opportunities you see in Vegas is the opportunity for room pricing increases, especially when there's a lot of investors that leads people to think it's getting more and more challenging to raise rates in Vegas.
Rob Goldstein: Well, obviously, we're different than some other people in Vegas. Firstly, we have a different campus and I think that we're structurally different. And when Sheldon built this place, we're the only people in town I think to have this kind of campus, 7,000 keys all suites. We're in the epicenter right in the middle of what's happening in Las Vegas. We have all those convention and MICE space, which Sheldon again 20 years ago told people build it and some did, some didn't. So we're a little bit unique. And this quarter is a good quarter for us. Nothing exceptional in terms of the -- nothing happened here in the gaming side, so we held within the range, which we hadn't been doing recently. Our baccarat business had been decent. I think Vegas will be fine with baccarat, but I wouldn't expect there to be a growth engine, because honestly as Macao gets better and better and those lights seem longer and longer, I think the -- all the Asian customers may opt to stay in Macao. And if you look at our campus in Macao, it's so damn compelling what they're offering. So I do think you're going to see a challenge to Vegas baccarat growth potential. On the room side, we're very fortunate. We had an extraordinary room’s quarter. And I think this -- I know we're not saying what the rest of the industry is saying. We're seeing strong group demand. We're seeing a strong FIT weekend. I think George and the team here has done an exemplary job of maintaining rate and margin. And I think it will get a little bit different than the other people in town. We have a very strong room product. We're underpinned by convention and MICE space. We have strong FIT demand. This quarter is just a good quarter, because we held within the range. And the rates were strong. RevPARs are strong. We may or may not be indicative of the -- I wouldn't call us a barometer though for the Strip. I can't speak to other people. And again, our product is very top-tier. So we're very happy with our Vegas business. If we can keep having $125 million, $135 million quarters, it would be a very nice year for us. And I think we will feel good about it. From our perspective, Vegas is just fine.
Patrick Dumont: I think it's – its Patrick. One other thing about Vegas, I think we're a firm believer that, if you reinvest in high-quality product, you'll be able to drive value and drive returns and that speaks through the ADR. So if you look at what we did in the last quarter, our ADR was up 2.3%. Incrementally, if we keep doing that eventually over time we'll head in the right direction assuming our investments continue, right? So we've done a lot to reinvest in the campus here as Rob mentioned. We have an unbelievable asset hopefully coming online in a few years, with the Sphere that's being done with Madison Square Garden one of the leading entertainment companies in the world as you know. So we think our trajectory for Vegas is actually incredibly positive. We like the expansion and some of the development that's going around us. We think that will help us. The retail has been performing well in the building. There is a lot of things that are now firing on all cylinders with George Markantonis following Sheldon's original vision. Yeah, the critical mass does work. So our ADR is just visibility into the success of the overall property. And I think one thing that, you'll see in the future is that our convention business will continue to grow, but our FIT business will continue to be powerful as we get additional amenities online. And so that's why we have this view, and we'll continue to deploy capital against this asset because it's a great asset.
Rob Goldstein: One thing, I would add you touched maybe two points I wanted to just sort of articulate further. I should have referenced the Sphere, which I think is a game changer for our building. I apologize. I missed that. Sorry, Jim Dolan. Sorry MSG. It's going to be a very, very different place in a couple of years, when the Sphere gets opened as far as entertainment and driving ADR. Second thing, I think what's important is to realize Vegas is as you know CapEx-strong. You've got to invest dollars just stay in the game. Now, you look around this town. I visited the Palms recently extraordinary with the – what the Fertittas have done to the Palms. You walk through these buildings you've got to have an appetite for excessive CapEx to stay in the game. We've done that. We've invested heavily in Vegas and the fasts point had paid off. But it's not in town you can let things erode or you will erode quickly. And we've reinvested over the years and we keep reinvesting, but that's a key part of our strategy here is to stay current.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you. That's really helpful. And then just kind of switching gears to your retail business in Macao. All those sales per-square-foot numbers continue to be helpful. I appreciate it. I'm not sure, if we'd make anything of it. There was a slight decline from the TTM fourth quarter to now the first quarter. Just wondering, if there's anything to read into that especially given China macro or if it's just I don't know really nothing?
Patrick Dumont: I think we have – I think you're referring to page 34 and 35 in our deck. If you kind of look at the performance in Macao, we're very proud of these malls. We don't think there's any issue with global macro. I don't think you'll see malls anywhere in the world grow like this. And if there are some just point us out, point them out to us. We think this retail story of Macao is extraordinary. We think it speaks to Sheldon's original vision of building critical mass of retail of MICE of entertainment and bringing high-value customers into beautiful premium mass suites really driving this retail experience. And so these revenue numbers, we think will continue to expand over time as we continue to remix tenants, as we invest more in the malls, as The Londoner mall opens up refreshed, and as we get some other remixing done we'll start to see additional upward pressure on our revenues as well as on our rent rolls. So we're very pleased about the Macao story. I think Rob has some comments as well. But this is really just another example of the critical mass story that Sheldon authored. And we're very proud of the offerings that we have there including the tenant mix, which we think is unique to shopping experiences throughout Asia and the world.
Rob Goldstein: Yeah. The only thing I'd add to that was our retail malls although they make a lot of money obviously is demonstrated by these sales per-square-foot. They are part of the overall lifestyle packets that makes this property and all these properties in Macao and Singapore so compelling to consumers. You walk through the Four Seasons you walk through all these very high-end high-street stores full of very chic people dressed very well, buying with both hands. They're packed to the gills in The Venetian. It's just – honestly, it's an extraordinary part of what we do. And we already have that piece in Singapore as you see $1,900 a foot there. The Venetian which is not necessarily the highest in the market doing $1,700 a foot obviously luxury at Four Seasons $6,000 crazy numbers, but the point is these numbers won't go down, they're going to keep going. And as part of our story, part of our life, the whole feeling of the lifestyle that you get in Macao, if you hadn't walked through it recently, you should, because the quality of merchandise that we have achieved, the quality consumer and the way that fits in with all of them, you guys – I was there just you watch these entertainment packages show up at weekends, they will packing the malls, it's all part of the approach where gambling is obviously critical in Macao. But we're starting a lifestyle over there and it's an essential part of who we are. And I don't think it's going to diminish, I think it's going to keep growing both in Singapore and Macao.
Felicia Hendrix: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anil Daswani from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Anil Daswani: Thanks. Good morning. My first question is on the Marina Bay Sands. Could you comment a little bit on the time lines of when you expect the project to be able to open? And also could you give us some more color on the option for the additional 2,000 square feet of gaming area? Will that be focused on premium mass rooms in the new tower? Or are you going to focus everything on the existing casino?
Patrick Dumont: Hey, it's Patrick. Thanks very much for the question. I think there is two things to think about. I think there's a lot of work to be done on the front-end. This is a very, very significant investment and a very meaningful project for Singapore. And like the initial Marina Bay Sands development, there is going to be a lot of review. Our goal is to have this thing open as quickly as possible. Our Chairman's view is that everything should be opened as quickly as The Venetian, which I think was 18 months. Is that right?
Rob Goldstein: Yeah.
Patrick Dumont: So we're going to do our best. As a practical matter on page 16, we have a CapEx slide that you can see. We kind of laid out our preliminary views based on our development team's initial works. I think we're looking to open this thing by the end of 2023 although hopefully we'll be able to get it sooner. For those of you who remember, the initial Marina Bay Sands development had some interesting in-ground issues related to water, sands, mud and a whole bunch of other things. So hopefully, we've learned from that and we can move a little more quickly. But we like to believe that this is something that by 2023 we're open and trading. And I think the – sorry, what was the second part of the question?
Rob Goldstein: The gaming piece.
Patrick Dumont: Oh, the gaming piece, sorry excuse me. The gaming piece. So all of the benefits associated with this development that we may receive are dependent on us achieving certain milestones. So this is something that it effect when we do the development and complete these milestones, we'll have the ability to access some of these benefits to the gaming.
Anil Daswani: Okay. As a follow-up on the premium mass player that we've been seeing and the strong growth that you guys have been experiencing in premium mass in Macao, could you comment on whether it's best size or the sheer number of players that are driving this business for you guys?
Rob Goldstein: Interesting question. I don't know the answer on top of my head. I think it's -- for sure it's more players showing up. That's a given. I'm not sure it's bet size as much as it's just a lot more people showing up. And again, I think, it's about where you sleep depends on where you gamble. And since we have most of the better rooms and scale in Macao, be it the Four Seasons or The Venetian or The Parisian, you tend to get the lion's share of wallet when you got the suite they want to stay in. They may wander off to another campus, but the truth is, in our buildings they have the shows they want, they have the food they want, they have the retail they want, they have the spa they want. So we get an outsized wallet share and I think visitation is up on that premium mass segment. There's no question it's growing. I don't think its bet size. I have to ask around on that question in detail, but I think it's more about the amount of customers showing up and they're sure showing up, again, $1.5 billion this quarter. It's just a spectacular number when you think about the margins against that segment. And we were built for this segment and this segment is coming on strong.
Anil Daswani: Thank you for taking my questions.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley from UBS. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually Arpinae [ph] on behalf of Robin. What is your view on Macao VIP and particularly on Q1 VIP declines? Do you feel like that was sort of trade-related -- trade war-related? And do you see that improving as you look into Q2 in terms of overall market declines?
Rob Goldstein: Clearly, numbers speak for themselves. There was a decline and I'd be foolish to guess exactly why, is it macro, is it China macro, is it trade war. I think that'd be silly to opine on something I don't have real visibility into. I want to tell you though that having been in Macao for a long time, I can promise you VIP will resurrect and it's still an important segment and it trades in tandem with the very highest end of the premium mass market, the super premium mass and probably trades in sympathy with those kinds of people. Yes, I think, we believe VIP is worth investing in. We're doing that right now. We believe it will come back. This quarter was obviously disappointing for the market in terms of the decline. And, again, I won't speculate on whether it's the economy, where this is smoking, or there's a trade war. I just don't know the answer to that. What I do know is, it will come back. And I do know we're going to invest heavily if we want to get our fair share, because we think it's an important segment to be in, we think our products are made for it and we think our new VIP rooms and our better relationships will enhance our ability to get more of that share when it comes back. But that's the best I can tell you. The market speaks for itself and you draw your own conclusions based on Macao as for the decline.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from the line of David Katz from Jefferies. Your line is open.
David Katz: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone, and congrats on a good quarter.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you.
David Katz: I wanted to just ask about your impressions of the economic context or the economic backdrop in China and how that's playing into the Macao business. Having made a recent visit, having seen some of the -- heard some of the commentary and seeing what the numbers today are, how are you thinking about the rest of the year?
Rob Goldstein: Well, we like to see -- look, they were not experts in the economy and I think, again, I'll be remiss to talk about how we view a huge nation. I will say, again, tourism and premium mass appears to be outbound towards the strong. The premium mass play into the town is strong. Base mass is just volume. We don't try to pretend we're seeing the macroeconomic climate in China and give an opinion on that, because there's so many different points of view and it changes so rapidly. But I will tell you that I think, again, Macao is showing real strength as evidenced by our numbers. And all I can point to is our success. I can't see the entire -- the other people's numbers how they did. But our premium mass, base mass and demand for rooms is very, very strong. It's excellent and it's evidenced by the $858 million quarter. And that's all we look at, how we see it. It's a day-by-day week-by-week things that there are in mark-to-market. We don't pretend it will happen six months from now. We all know what the impact would be if the trade war's resolved. We just don't know the answer to that. All we do is run our business, look at outbound tourism. It's strong in Macao, it's strong in our buildings and I'll stop with that comment.
David Katz: You've said it. My follow-up is, under what circumstances -- are there any circumstances, where you would consider pursuing any growth or development in Las Vegas?
Patrick Dumont: Well, I think -- it's Patrick. I think we spoke about this a little bit in a prior question, but we're investing heavily in Las Vegas. We spend hundreds of millions of dollars of CapEx in room refresh, the casino refresh and we're doing our restaurants and entertainment spaces. We feel very strongly about the trajectory of Las Vegas and the potential, particularly with some of the investments we have coming in as we mentioned and as Rob mentioned, the MSG Sphere which is going to be the most technologically advanced arena in the world, where we can see it's going to be an absolutely stunning investment, because it will be completely unique, like a must-see globally. We're very excited about this stuff. So we continuously reinvest in Las Vegas to improve our offerings, because it's competitive out there. I don't know that we're interested in doing a ground-up development because we have such a great asset base already where we sit. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it today. I don't know Rob if you have any other comments.
Rob Goldstein: I think to Patrick's point, the returns here, it's a lodging-based market. Let's not look otherwise. It's a great place to live and work and we've made a great -- our buildings have performed very well. The problem for us, Dave, is the returns outside here is far greater. I think this Singapore project is going to be extraordinary. If we get it right, it's going to shock a few people. And over the years we've made some pretty good bets over the years with -- in Macao and Singapore. This one I think is going to be a very ,very good investment and will surprise a lot of people. Obviously, Macao is the same way. We're deep into this circa [ph] situation. We have few other jurisdictions we're looking at, which we won't tell you which they are. But we are always looking and the problem is, Las Vegas doesn't have the return that we get in other markets, except for our own building. As Patrick alluded to, we'll invest heavily in The Venetian and Plaza. And we are making some very large bets in this building to make it better and improve it and stay current. But I don't foresee us investing in Las Vegas, because everything's out there and the rest of the jurisdictions are so much better in terms of return on our investment. And again, Singapore is a very large bet, but it's also a great investment.
Q – David Katz: Thank you, very much, appreciate it.
Operator: Our last question is from the line of Jared Shojaian from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Q – Jared Shojaian: Hey everybody. Thanks for taking my question. Can you just talk about hold on the mass side? Obviously VIP was above the range, but it seems like you're non-rolling chip win rates were a bit higher than normal too. Anything different operationally or that you saw in terms of play? Or do you think that's sort of simply just holding better on the luck side?
A – Rob Goldstein: Probably, we held it in the range. I think I would say that is we held it in the range. Let's begin there. We held the high end of the range, but within the range. And again that's just one indicator. Drop is one indicator not a perfect one or volume. The base mass business and premium mass business is growing very, very strong. The weakness in the non-rolling business resides at the super premium mass, again which trades kind of in tandem in sympathy with the junket segment. All I'd say is, we didn't hold outside the range which is good. If we only could make $6 billion this year and normally we're not going to be happy, I'll leave it there. It's not an exceptional result. When we hold 2021, we don't call it out and say, we were held a few points at the low end of the range. So you can make an argument that premium mass helps us and we sure get our fair share of really high-end premium mass play and lots of it and perhaps that helped this quarter, but it could be down next quarter. When it's all said and done, it's not an event, it's not going to matter at the end of a day, but a $1.52 billion result in non-rolling tables is just a great quarter with margins to match, so we're very pleased.
Q – Jared Shojaian: All right, thank you. And then just switching over to Singapore again. Can you give us some sense as to what percentage of your GGR is I guess coming from guests that are exposed to the entry fee? And then in the near term, puts and takes, obviously you have the higher entry fee, but then you get the additional slots later this year. How are you thinking about Singapore in terms of the 2020 net impact? Is it EBITDA positive, neutral, negative versus what you were thinking before the announcement?
A – Patrick Dumont: So we don't really get into the details about splits of EBITDA from locals. I think the key thing here is this is a great investment for us and a tremendous investment for Singapore. And we work very closely with Singapore to establish the program and to decide exactly how to do this. I know that other co-concessionaire did as well. This is a massive amount of foreign investment going to Singapore that's going to fundamentally allow for a step function and growth in leisure and business tourism. This is a very big deal for us and a very big deal for Singapore. We're very proud and very lucky to be able to do this. And I think in our minds, this is something that over time will be a very favorable long-term investment. We don't know the timing of everything yet, so it's hard to answer your question about cash flows, but we take a very long-term view. And over the next 30 years, this is going to be a great investment for us and a great investment for Singapore just as the original MBS building was as well. And so I think, on page 27, we kind of lay out the investment case for Singapore a little bit. We have a couple of slides where we show the growth in tourism. We talk about some of the investment that Singapore is making in Changi Airport. How that infrastructure addition is going to help tourism growth? And just we address some of the themes around why the IR expansion will deliver, what we all hope it will deliver. We're very focused on this arena. We have great success with our arena in Macao. It's something that we feel like LVS will be the Asian leader in live entertainment with the ability to program these two great venues. And we think it will be something that will really benefit Singapore and benefit us, mostly from the desirability of our resort as well as our ability to fill our hotel rooms. So from our standpoint, it's hard for me to answer your question, what's going to happen and timing of cash flows because we're not really at close yet. What I can tell you the long-term thesis is a strong one. We're very enthusiastic about this investment. We feel it's a great one for the company and will produce good returns as well as the fact that it will enhance the overall attractiveness of the MBS asset as well as drive additional leisure and business tourism in Singapore. So from our standpoint, this was tremendous and we're very proud about it. We're very excited to do it. But I can't give you specifics about exactly the timing of cash flows or the slot machines or entry or tax increases because we're not there yet.
A – Rob Goldstein: One thing I will add to Patrick's comments though the answer to your question about local versus foreign, it's clear when you build 1000 square-foot suites and you build this kind of arena, you're focusing on foreign tourism. The growth here will come from premium mass people outside of Singapore. That is where the -- that’s where the growth resides. It's all those people in countries around Singapore. That's why we're building this thing. If we didn't see that kind of growth we wouldn't build all these keys and build this arena. And we believe there are so many drivers of profitability from the ADR, from the gaming side, from the retail side. It's a wonderful opportunity. But again, the laser focus is premium mass foreign tourism.
Q – Jared Shojaian: All right. Thank you very much,
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for joining. You may all disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-23 16:30:00) =====
Daniel Briggs: Thank you. Joining me on the call today are Rob Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Patrick Dumont, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before I turn the call over to Rob, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release. Please note that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you please respect our request to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question, so we might allow everyone an opportunity to participate. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Goldstein: Thanks, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Sheldon is not joining us in the call today. He's a little bit under the weather. We met with him yesterday. He's taking some medications making him a bit drowsy, so we decided this morning take a rain check on this one. He looks forward to speaking with all of you on upcoming calls. He did, however, have a message for everyone. That's great quarter, yay buybacks and yay dividends. Well, let's go to our financial results. We had a very good quarter. In Macao, our adjusted EBITDA was $786 million. We achieved record mass revenues. We increased our market share of revenue in our most important market. Our growth in Macao is coming from every gaming and non-gaming segment. Margins in every segment in Macao are stable or growing during the quarter, with the exception of our rolling premium direct business where our low hold negatively impact our EBITDA. The strong top line growth in our rolling business of 34.6% over the quarter will positive contribute to our bottom line as hold normalized in that segment. In 2018, our Macao operations delivered an adjusted property EBITDA of over US$3 billion, an 18% increase over 2017. Overall, Macao market showed strength in 2018, growing GGR by 14% year-on-year. Our Macao properties generated 17% growth in GGR over that same period. It is clear, the Macao market's evolving in Sheldon's vision more than a decade ago to create the critical mass of our hotel, retail, entertainment and MICE offerings, positions us perfectly for future growth. The opening of the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao bridge is a major milestone that will help Macao grow towards the MICE business in the years ahead, an Engineering feat of unprecedented scale and creates a direct connection between the Hong Kong airport, one of the largest and most important transportation hubs in all of Asia in Macao. We couldn't be more excited about our plan $22 billion investment in our critical mass, hotel room, retail, entertainment offerings in Macao. We look forward to participating in the benefit and the growing infrastructure in Macao that will continue to increase leisure and business tourism visitation from China. Looking ahead, we believe that there's no better market in the world than Macao with regard to continued deployment of our capital. Look forward to making additional investments in Macao as we contribute to Macao's diversification and evolution into Asia's leading leisure and business tourism destination. Let's turn to Singapore, we enjoyed a very strong cash flow, however, VIP volumes and hold were lower this year. We still remain capacity constrained in Marina Bay Sands and hope that the opportunity in the future to make additional investments in Singapore as that's a very strong market, which simply runs our rooms and gaming capacity there. Las Vegas also a good quarter led by strong convention exhibition business. Before to adding additional incremental entertainment offerings in Las Vegas and the positive impact of the MSG steer at the niche which is under construction as opposed to open in 2021. Finally, we turn to the increase of capital to shareholders. We raised the annual dividend for the 2019 calendar year. We repurchased $430 million of stock during the quarter. We see meaningful long-term value in the LVS and SCL equity. We thank you for joining us on the call and let's now take the questions Operator?
Operator: Yes sir.
Daniel Briggs: Let's begin the Q&A session. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We do have a question from Mr. David Katz of Jefferies.
Rob Goldstein: Okay. David.
David Katz: Hi, afternoon. And it is a nice quarter. I wanted to just touch on Singapore if I may, which candidly came in a bit below what we were forecasting. If you could just talk about the different forces on the plus and minus side, I heard your commentary about it being capacity constrained. But just talk about the core a little bit and what's -- what went well and what's maybe challenging you or creating opportunities?
Rob Goldstein: Sure. First let's begin by recognizing this is an iconic destination. This made off a lot of company for this company. We're really proud definition of an IR It's exemplary in every way. Its biggest challenge, David, by far, is its capacity constrained both from a lodging, from a gaming perspective. We just don't have enough slot machines, ETGs, rooms. We have demand. We don't have the supply. We'd also look to see more entertainment in the region in Singapore to drive a more premium mass play. We have alluded to in the past and continue to reference the frustration and there's a money movement into Singapore is very difficult. Our rolling business there has been limited for a number of years now. The growth that remains in primarily foreign tourism into the market for the premium mass segment. And again we just can't create more rooms right now and more gaming when we can. So, that's the frustration. We played a little bit unlucky here in there in every quarter -- but the margins remain strong. The primary difficult market is capacity constrained. Very proud of the asset. Looking for the chance to invest more in Singapore and grow margin lodging and gaming perhaps in the future, but that's the long and short of it, I could -- I can't tell you how frustrating it is that it's such a wonderful asset that could grow, but right now is not able to.
David Katz: Thank you. And my one follow-up is a Macao-related if I may. For sure we would all likely agree that the long-term outlook there for that market is quite positive. But just thinking about say the remainder of the year and what we would call -- we don't ask about a quarter, but we can ask about the recall of the medium-term. There are certainly a lot of inputs that we're trying to process whether those are macroeconomic or company-specific et cetera. Help us think through what the rest of the year looks like or what inputs we should be contemplating as we model for the rest of the year for LVS in Macao specifically?
Rob Goldstein: I think you look – I think the best way to look forward in Macao is look backward. 2017 – actually let's just go back to 2016, we were hovering around $2.3 billion or $2.4 billion of EBITDA. I think Wynn was opening. We were opening Parisian as – the Studio City probably opened up, MGM was the horizon. A lot of people thought Macao has seen it’s best days and we will be share givers and the market would just dissolve into its competition. We fast forward; we've now grown to $3 billion EBITDA a few years later. We've been share takers in virtually every segment, in fact in every segment. It's a very simple market to understand. It's a mass – premium mass market driven by scale. The VIP segment will continue to be challenging I believe. The mass and premium mass will be the driver. I was there last week walked all the gaming floors, drove the bridge back and forth to Hong Kong. It's an extraordinary place and it's an extraordinary market. It's just starting to touch its potential. To think about this for a week or for a month or for this issue, that issue will probably drive me crazy, but if you think about it in the big picture, we grow our EBITDA back to almost the highest level ever despite its huge decline in VIP since 2014. I think we've done there, which is build scale. We're building more rooms today. We'll were building more retail today. We're building more everything today. I believe that that market will continue to grow. I think the best way to look at our enthusiasm and our focus is our activities. We’re underway with Londoner, the St. Regis, the Four Seasons. We're a strong, strong believers in Macao, and we're investing for long-term. Yes, there's always -- it's a smoking issue today or a blip in the economy. There's always something to worry about. We get that. But look at this magnificent market in the last three years what's done. It's absorbed all kinds of capacity and still grown. We're just very bullish and we are blinded by the extreme size of Macao in terms of the market today, but more important tomorrow. And look at the rest of the rim, look what the bridge has done, the bridge is a game changer. It's a magnificent achievement that accesses all China. All the airports in China can now land in Hong Kong and get to Macao in a car. The boat is not necessary. If you want to take a boat you can. Even from Central Hong Kong it's almost as quick just to take a car to the new bridge. The new bridge is incredible chilling. It also opens up the rim. So we're long-term thinkers. We're long-term believers. We don't think there's a market like it in the world anywhere as better place to deploy capital. We're fervent believers on license in 2000, whatever it is 2021, 2022. So I think your best from my perspective, look at this the mass scale market that's room dependent. Those without rooms will have a difficult time growing their share. Mass demands rooms. Non-Guangdong visitation demand rooms. This is a very special place. It's very unique and we are delighted to be there and investing today. And so that's the best answer I can give you. If you worry about this Tuesday or next Friday, you'll probably have some sleepless nights. If you think about long-term, you're going to sleep very well and be very well rewarded.
Patrick Dumont: There's been a lot of commentary about the upcoming year. And I think one of the thing you should look at and we spend a lot of time on this in the earnings is that trying to display it different ways, the infrastructure of investment to Rob's point going into the area that allows for the bridge to be effective, it allows for tourists from deeper into Mainland China to actually access Macao and access the growing tourism and any infrastructure that's there is only improving And as you look -- we have Page 15 in the slide deck that shows the amount of growing visitation from China into Macao. And you'll notice that the rate of growth is accelerating. And so, if you think about the upcoming year and the upcoming several years what you'll see is that the infrastructure improvements will allow tourists to take advantage of Macao and grow the mass business, right? And growth is very solid high-margin mass business as they look to use the non-gaming amenities that are turbine designed a decade ago. And you think about that amazing press vision where he laid out a plan for this non-gaming amenity system that really creates this tourism drive and that really speaks directly to the mass business. So if you look at the infrastructure improvement, again it's in the earnings deck and go through those slide we view the mass business as a very strong catalyst for growth for the company for this year for the years to come. And there's been indications of that in the past and we see a very bright future for that segment because of the infrastructure because of the nature of the business and because of the tourism desirability of the assets that we and others have built in Macao.
Rob Goldstein: One of the ironies of the market for me is that, couple of years ago I was concerned too many rooms being built and today everybody wants more rooms desperately. And the fact is it runs incredible occupancy. Demand is there. Demand will keep growing.
David Katz: Got it. Thank you for your answer.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: Good after. Hi, how is it going? So just quick numbers question. You said in Macao your rolling direct business had low hold and that impacted to EBITDA, could you quantify that? 
Patrick Dumont: No. We're not going to address it specifically. I don't -- I think we've put out enough information about the business to throw a number out there. We just add to the quarter. I think from our standpoint and Rob will address this further. We have a different margin structure within the premium direct and chunk of businesses. And sometimes based on the nature of the hold and the difference in hold between those two businesses, our normalization on an active basis doesn't need to happen, but it actually needs to happen on an individual basis. We had this happen a couple of quarters ago. And so from a margin basis because of the nature of that structure it impacts the aggregate margins of the business. That being said, our mass margins are as strong as ever, right? And so I think when you look at the structure of the business, the cost structure of the business, the cost control that we put in place, our ability to get some operating leverage of business that will continue. I think in this particular instance because of the adjustment methodology and the overall aggregate amount of rolling vine that we had you see some margin change because of that mix.
Rob Goldstein: Tom as we held within normal range across rolling segment for the quarter for the company in the portfolio, but the mix was not in our favor. As you know we have a very strong rolling direct business which held under the expected range. And this segment is much more favorable in terms of margin to us. We did hold above the range for the rolling junket business, but conversely we have a much lower margin in that segment. So in summary we definitely left some money in the table this quarter it -- significant dollars because we had hold within the range of the direct business. It's a shame, it was in the flip side, it would have been quite a quarter, but it wasn't. The volumes are there. We keep taking share. We keep growing our rolling business. People for years -- we are ill-equipped to compete in that segment, we just keep growing share. It's really it's sad because we had a amazing quarter had we held up, it didn't. But our focus can't be on the rolling and appoint it to a luck it has to be on the mass side and that's where you sell and grow and I think that's where the story resides for us. A quarter here, quarter there, a point of luck to point it to a luck is an insolence. It's long-term, it's about the right assets for the mass premium mass and the growth there is extraordinary.
Thomas Allen: So, that's a perfect segue into my next question. So page 14 on the base mass. That's the premium mass performance. Obviously looking at year-over-year, looks like base mass is outperforming premium mass, but then quarter-over-quarter you saw some weakness in premium mass in the third quarter and then that bounced back in the forth. Can you just talk about underlining trends for those two markets? Which one do you think is going to be stronger in the future? Thank you.
Rob Goldstein: Well, it's a good question. I wish I knew the answer to that, but we'll tell you both are awfully good. We had very strong fourth quarter. We achieved record non-rolling drop in Wynn, 13% growth in premium mass Q-on-Q despite a lot of new competition I was in New Morpheus last week, which is quite a property, impressive hotel. Macao by the way just gets to be more and more impressive if you go back to the world-class product. We're looking forward to showing you our new Four Seasons product, which is going to be pretty special. We don’t know exactly what the market grew at in Q4 until all the operators have reported. But we can say, we outgrew the market in non-rolling tables in the first nine months of 2018. We outgrew the market in full year 2017. So our outperformance in premium mass and mass is not about one quarter. Our outperformance has been achieved consistently, cumulatively for the past seven, eight quarters and we've achieved this despite having the biggest base of business and despite a very intense and very good quality of competition in Cotai. We couldn't be happy about our position in the market, but we don't stand still. We intend to get better because the competition there is just too damn good and the market opportunity is just too damn big and that's why we look forward to executing completing on the Londoner, the St. Regis, the Four Seasons. Our position has been simple for over a decade. We believe in the mass and premium mass. Our assets, our arena, our retail, lodging, our gaming is positioned to put us at the top of the heap and grow to $6 billion, $7 billion, $8 billion. We believe mass is a $30 billion business. I'm not capable of telling you what the breakout is the premium versus base. We'll take it all and we have the assets to take it all. And I think those who don't have rooms, those who talk about building rooms are going to struggle. Those who have rooms, especially great rooms like we're building are going to grow. And so I think this quarter, we have a few points below the growth maybe, but in the aggregate our numbers are pretty exemplary and we're delighted where we're heading.
Thomas Allen: Helpful. Thank you.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mr. Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open sir.
Stephen Grambling: Thanks. Good afternoon. I guess, as a follow-up to the first couple of questions on Macao. On slide 19 you highlighted additional investment in VIP in 2019 as you seek to grow fast in the market. I guess, how do you think about that segment longer term? And I get the math component, but just thinking about drivers there and how you want to position?
Rob Goldstein: It's a more challenged market and it's obvious you can read all the information out there. There's been crackdowns recently. There's all kinds of issues on the VIP. But – and I think we're more confident of the sustainable growth of the premium mass, mass short term, but I wouldn't rule out VIP. This has proven me very resilient over the years. We've really – I've made mistake of counting out a couple of times, but I’ve been wrong. That market is going to bounce back. Again the penetration in Mainland isn't complete yet. This airport, I mean having driven to the bridge last week and going to the airport, it's just going to change the game for Macao. So this fiscal asset to drive more high end not just from China, but throughout the Pacific Rim into Macao was there. Macao is the world-class facility of Asia. There's just nothing like it. And honestly there's nothing – there will be no place like it. It's just too good, too far ahead of the competition. And so I think whatever VIP business is in Asia will continue to mostly go to Macao. We will participate. We've dedicated ourselves to better rooms, better suites, better gaming operations, better relationships as evidence on our numbers. I would not be comfortable, however, if you're solely dedicated VIP or if you -- income comes from VIP. I think you need diversification in the premium mass-mass to take advantage of this great market. We'll be there. We'll probably share takers in the near future again this quarter. We keep growing the VIP business, but I think it's more challenging in the short-term than the premium mass-mass. That's where the strength resides short-term and long-term. Again, I wouldn't count out VIPs. It's proven to be very resilient and again, market penetration both the non-Guangdong numbers indicate, there's a lot of potential out there in China and the Pacific Rim. If you haven't been there recently, if you've been to the bridge, the full impact and the full potential of the bridge is unrealized once they open that thing up totally functionally to let it do all it can do. It's a pretty -- its very impressive piece of work.
Stephen Grambling: Fair enough. And then maybe an unrelated follow-up turning to the U.S. I guess there's lots of the noise consolidation talk in the space, I guess, how do you think about M&A as part of your capital allocation framework versus reinvestment in Macao versus expansion in new markets?
Rob Goldstein: So, it's interesting there's always a lot of speculation, particularly, in our industry about the opportunity for acquisition. I think if you look at the portfolio that Sheldon designed and built from the ground up, we believe we have the best assets in the business. And for us, we think investing in those assets are the best way to create long-term shareholder returns. And we've demonstrated that over the years. When our Chairman has a vision, it's been proven that it creates tremendous value for shareholders. And so we've invested in the properties that we have billions of dollars of additional CapEx in order to keep them fresh, keep them relevant including the junket opportunity prior question. And in our mind that's the best way for us to grow our business and enhance our return of capital as our cash flows grow. And for us, M&A is not really something that we would look to unless it was unbelievably compelling and we felt would simply augment the strategy and vision of the Chairman that we've set out on. And so from our standpoint, if you look at our balance sheet what are the strengths there, look at the way we handle our return of capital, the way we handle shareholder returns, we're very much geared towards our dividend which is the cornerstone of our return to capital policy, very much geared towards share repurchase. We bought $403 million this quarter because we have liquidity and we were confident in our future ability to grow cash flows. And really we've got our $22 billion program in Macao. So, when we look at those things and you look at the way we're allocating capital, I think we've made a pretty clear statement about how we feel about the business and about where we want opportunities to exist. We've never really bought anybody and so I don't see that changing unless the Chairman has a different view about the opportunities that an M&A transaction may provide. But from our standpoint, we've been pretty clear about our strategy, about his strategy and that's how we intend to execute.
Stephen Grambling: Awesome. Yay dividends, yay buyback.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you. Next?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Anil Daswani from Citi. Sir, your line is now open.
Anil Daswani: Hi, good morning guys.
Rob Goldstein: Good morning Anil.
Anil Daswani: Thank you. Just wanted to touch base on the premium mass standout performance that you guys had in the fourth quarter. How would you attribute that? Is that driven by the bridge? Is that driven by the new suite that product that you opened in the Parisian? Is that driven by higher spending? And consequently, how do you think the further improvement in infrastructure with both the opening of the LRT as well as the pension extension of the high-speed rail? Are those drivers as significant as you guys have mentioned do you think the bridge is?
Rob Goldstein: A couple of things there. First of all, the bridge at this point, we don't think is that impactful. It's more of – having driven last week, it's unfortunately underutilized. There's not a private car licenses to maximize what's going to be a vast potential. It will be a driver in the future, it’s not today. It's more about busting a daytrip, still taking out the tables the driver. What's driving our premium mass business is better product. We have a real mantra around here that I think better the aesthetic appeal of this company, we're getting there. We walked last week to our new Four Seasons suites, our new St. Regis, our new Londoner suites, all being under design and construction. Look what happened to our Parisian property, it's just terrific. The returns on that investment, just can't do better. Those rooms we reconfigured, reconstructed have yielded terrific results. Parisian is now at a run rate of 130. Who knows where it goes to? Our Venetian core suites, the premium mass are just delivering, which we had many more of them. It's a suite-driven quality product market. And it's not just about quality of product, it's about quantity. So it's great to have a small hotel just can't get enough. You need more. There's not an operator over there, not a one that would like to add more top-tier suites and we're building them and everyone wants them. I think the evidence of more you'll see – the success in the Wynn is evidence that quality wins and scale wins as well. We have both the quality and quantity. We also have a hidden – everyone in Macao knows it about a hidden secret, but our arena, our Cotai Arena built back in, I don’t know 2007 with The Venetian, which people thought was pretty funny at the time is probably one biggest drivers of premium mass business in the market. Last week we had a great Asian entertainer there, packed the city, packed our hotel. Our numbers on Saturday was an incredible numbers for a Saturday. And the fact is that that's a tremendous asset that people want to see the star entertainers be it U.S. stars or Asian stars. That is a 40-week a year events we have on Friday, Saturday, Sunday with top-tier stars, top-tier acts that people cover those tickets. And whole town if you talk to other operators will tell you, what happens as we bring in these kinds of acts. It makes a whole different weekend, a whole different agenda. And you can see that our numbers are popped. So entertainment, suite product, quality suite product, quantity suite product. By the way retail asset last week walk in the Four Seasons, I got knocked over by people trying to get to the stores. It's an amazing thing to watch. It's experiential. These young excellent people come from further away. They stay longer. They want better things in their life. They want entertainment. They want to stay in fancy rooms. They want to buy fancy clothes and they're having a hell of a time over there and we provide that experience. That is the advantage we have and we have it both in terms of quality and quantity. And that is driving our business. Tomorrow that bridge will be a big driver for the entire market, but today that's what's driving it.
Anil Daswani: Thanks. And just one quick follow-up on Singapore. Do you guys feel that you're losing a touch of market share, or is it the market that you're seeing that's getting a touch weaker?
Rob Goldstein: I don't know. I don't think – we're very comfortable with our performance over there. I just – I can't speak to – look at profitably more than market share will fix it and making money here. If we can extend more credit or do more things to create more market share and profitability, I'd be in favor of that. We feel we're maintaining our market share and more importantly our margin profitability. Again our focus over there is trying to figure out how to get more capacity like Macao, wish we have built a couple of St. Regis or a couple of Four Seasons properties, because it had the demand in the foreign markets around Singapore, have outsized demand and an outsized MICE demand. I just need more rooms and more slots and more of everything to take advantage of it.
Anil Daswani: Thank you.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Joe Greff from JPMorgan.
Joe Greff: Hey, good afternoon, guys. My first question on Macao relates to your mass customer behavior within the fourth quarter. Was there any or much of a difference in behavior say at the beginning of the quarter versus the end of the quarter? And where I'm kind of going with this is, maybe – am I being overly optimistic that maybe the average mass player visited more confidence throughout the quarter. And then I have a follow-up also related to Macao.
Rob Goldstein: Joe, I can't give you color there. I don't see that in our numbers. I don't see a elevation or decline. I think it's pretty consistent. I wish I – I'm not sure I can give you a good answer than that. We don't see a whole lot of differentiation from October to December.
Joe Greff: Okay. And then sticking with Macao. Since the smoking ban earlier this month on the VIP side, can you talk about what sort of impact you're seeing? You are the first guys to report, so you're the first guy to sort of talk about it. Thanks.
Rob Goldstein: Right, right. We walked to there last week. We spent a long very productive week and we walked all the properties and hours over the properties and looked at everything. My belief is, the smoking issue is a small speed bump to this market. It's a speed bump that will disappear. Areas that had smoking previously may suffer, because the smoking rooms now become the new predictor of where you're going to gamble. So example, if table A had smoking, but table B didn't, but has a smoking attached to it now, B will be larger than A's performance in the future. But between all the smoking, what you're seeing in the market, we had -- most of us are open already and most of then acted very well already for smoking, plus the outdoor space which always having some buildings, I don't see this issue as being – if you're really worried about it, you shouldn't be. This is a short-term issue. It will resolve without material impact. The smoking rooms, the outdoor space, the demand to gamble. I know everyone's worried about January, but we walked around Macao last week and if that’s reason for worry, it looks pretty good to me. Smoking will dissolve and disappear. I think those who take it seriously should move on and find something else to worry about. It's not going to be a long-term impediment.
Joe Greff: Great. Thanks a lot.
Rob Goldstein: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Chad Beynon from Macquarie. Sir, your line is now open.
Chad Beynon: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. First on, speaking with Macao, your retail segment, I guess both on Macao and Singapore, it appears that the sales per square foot increased in the fourth quarter. That's evidenced in one of your slides and then also in the slide that you talk about turnover rate. And this is different than what we heard from some of the luxury retailers that have reported and highlighted some weakness in Macao, Hong Kong and Southeast Asia as well. So can you maybe just elaborate on this? And if this could potentially affect 2020 base rents or turnovers, just some more color on the strong performance. Thanks.
Rob Goldstein: Well, you looking into slide, I'm not sure I miscalled that, business is booming. I walked through The Venetian last week and I don't know if we had a sale going on or something, but it's truly incredible to see the people there. My sales – want more these kind of numbers. We did 17.46 a foot. The Four Seasons is now back at 58 heading for 6,000. Honestly, I went to the Four Seasons though I didn't understand that the amount of people on a Tuesday afternoon, Wednesday, it's just extraordinary. I don't know what you're hearing, but we're awfully happy our retail numbers across Asia. And again, this decline bringing more declines. Extraordinary tenants want more space. Our retailers are extremely happy with our numbers. Our team -- our retail team has done a hell of a job over there and I think it's clear showing ahead we see no decline. In fact if any strength goes to strength, maybe it's about again scale and you walk through Venetian and The Four Seasons, you have this incredible assortment of land of the tendencies that cumulatively give you the most amazing indoor shopping experience. And the faces of the people there, young, affluent -- I made a comment to one of our team members, the Chinese consumer looks so sophisticated, so fashionable and frankly, so fluent and they're buying and they're buying with both hands and we couldn't be more pleased with our retail performance. I don't see any slowdown. I think it's going to keep booming. Chinese New Year's ahead, it's very positive and very exciting across our portfolio retail it gets better. And keep in mind that's one of the reasons they stay with us, they eat with us; they go to our entertainment facility. We've got this ecosystem of shopping, eating, entertainment, gambling, it all looks in tandem. And when you see it on the ground last week, we were there for four or five days, it's pretty exciting to watch and it's not going to change my opinion. That success in our retail is here to stay.
Chad Beynon: Great. Thank you. And then my follow-up just when you're speaking with your junket partners and talking to them about how they're handling credit during this China slowdown and trade war situation, did you see anything more pronounced in the fourth quarter with maybe some of your junket partners pulling back on credit extension? And when the trade war is resolved, do you think that could be -- maybe a positive with some more credit coming into the market?
Rob Goldstein: It's really tough for us to comment on global macro versus the activities of our junket partners week-to-week. It's very hard to make that connection and sort of add any commentary there. What I would say is that we've been pretty consistent over the last year with the way we work with our junket partners in terms of prioritize extension -- that we have extended to them. What I will tell you is we've been investing in the segment. I think we've been reestablishing and strengthening the relationships that we have with our partners over many years. We've been investing in their spaces, investing in amenities and service those spaces and investing in the team members that help service them. So, we feel like the segment is a powerful one. We think it's something that has a lot of opportunity. We've grown in the segment the last couple of quarters and I think from a credit standpoint, we've always been very prudent and been very measured and I think we'll continue to do. And I think we have a good dialogue and it's an active dialogue with them to get our ebbs and flows, but it's not something that we can look to a global macroeconomic effect and make any connection to. It's really sort of dealt with on the ground as we operate the business dealing with competitive forces.
Chad Beynon: Okay, appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you.
Patrick Dumont: Thanks Chad.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Mr. Shaun Kelley from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon. Just wanted to kind of go back to the sort of mass customer segmentation and what you guys are seeing there. In one of the slides you guys kind of showed the -- a very modest decline in mass spend per visit and I think you noted a pretty big uptick in daytrip visitation. Can you just give us sort of your outlook for what kind of customer as you guys are seeing in the market? Is this sort of the new normal? Is this being driven by infrastructure and some of the changes there? Sort of what's driving it? You continue to see, obviously, very healthy visitation numbers into the market and is the sort of the new normal, or do you guys expect us to kind of balance out or change over time?
Daniel Briggs: So Shaun, its Dan. If you look at page 15, I think and Rob has referenced this earlier. Guangdong province that first line, 10.5 million visitors from the adjacent province plus you've got visitors from Hong Kong. The bridge makes it easier for people to get over and back over time. It runs all night, not to worry about a boat. At the bottom of it – of the chart you've got 14.7 million visitors from Guangdong. The issue that the market is going to have is without more hotel inventory. All the hotel rooms will be taken up by wealthier and wealthier people, which is great for premium mass, but it also causes a squeeze effectively where people can't find a room if they're just coming over. So that makes a great market in the base mass It makes a great market in the premium mass. And for the future to get the $30 billion of mass revenue in Macao, more hotel inventory must be built. So the market will continue to evolve. The customer’s cell will evolve, but what's crystal clear is that without more hotel inventory, there won't be enough capacity for everyone who wants to come. So that creates the opportunity for us on both sides of the chart of the previous chart on – the previous chart on page 14. They are both going to continue to get better and better over time. The growth is great in both places and we're very happy to have daytrip visitation. We're very happy to have premium mass visitation. We're happy when the Chinese people get wealthier. There's no way that any of this won't continue as long as more hotel inventory gets added to the market. If no new hotel inventory ever gets to build, the market becomes more top-heavy, which would be unfortunate and it would limit growth. But we don't expect that to happen. We expect more hotel inventory to come in.
Rob Goldstein: We love to grow more rooms today if we could in non-gaming hotel room. We would love to be investing more money in Macao. We've made that clear with the government. We are such staunch believers in the atrium where sleeping rooms for every segment, MICE, leisure, gaming, it's what Dan’s pointing is so evident when you're there in January and you can't get a sleeping room, it's clear everybody needs more sleeping rooms in that market.
Shaun Kelley: Thank you very much. And just a quick follow-up, switching to Vegas. Any color you can provide on just sort of the cadence of how you guys are expecting RevPAR to play out as we're seeing through the balance of the year? Just – or what you're seeing on convention side and convention mix? It looks like 4Q is quite strong but we saw a bigger volatility in the market broadly in 2018 than what we're used to. So just sort of, kind of the health and maybe again cadence of what you're expecting to see there?
Patrick Dumont: So we had a tremendous quarter. It was a great result from the room revenue side. We're very pleased with our operations there. Our revenue per occupied group room night's incredibly strong. And we see that continuing. So far things have been very good. As you know we don't give RevPAR guidance, but we're very pleased with the progress that we've made in the Las Vegas market. Rob will probably talk a little bit about the room night, the group room night expectations, but it's a practical matter I think we're very pleased with the operations team here. They're doing a great job, growing different segments of the business, including our boat rock drop, which we're very pleased with. But again it's highly volatile and some of the non-gaming business, which we believe we can invest in the future to grow. But from a standpoint of Vegas, it's been growing well and we're very pleased with the quarter and we think some of the tailwinds will be helpful for us coming up.
Rob Goldstein: Team here is going to be very bullish in 2019 and group volumes and feel very strong about how the market is progressing. No fears for 2019, strong group market. We'd like to win a batting cage in the casino. Other than that our lodging and our -- if you walk around this town in January, the CES and the shot show which is happening it's pretty impressive place Las Vegas, especially in January. So we feel very good at our prospects in 2019 as well as the entire Las Vegas marketplace.
Patrick Dumont: In terms of our Venetian Palazzo property, we've done a lot of reinvestments here. If you've getting you've seen some of the results. We're very happy to floor space that's been renovated. We've got a lot of new restaurants on offer. We've made significant investment in the rooms and other spaces that we feel that it will continue to make the property competitive to position us well for future growth in market.
Shaun Kelley: And probably a lot warmer than New York too. Thanks a lot guys.
Rob Goldstein: That’s a rumor, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ms. Felicia Hendrix from Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi there. Some of you also sound sick, so I hope everyone is well tuned.
Rob Goldstein: We anyway sound that way.
Felicia Hendrix: Yes, so Rob look you talked a lot on this call about what you've been seeing in mass and VIP. But on this VIP side, you just -- you outperformed so significantly, I just wanted to continue to dissect that a bit. Just wondering on the VIP side, so given that outperformance were those unplanned for you, or do they surprise you as well? And I'm also wondering is the strength there that the driver for the decline in EBITDA margins in the quarter? 
Rob Goldstein: Well, I think we alluded to earlier the mix on the -- our rolling business both direct and junket was very strong. As you know our rolling business direct is very strong there. Our margins are much higher in that piece of the business. And we have played lucky in the wrong side of the equation. The junket played strong and the rolling direct played very weak and it cost us real dollars. As far as our commitment that we've always been a believer that important component is not the driver, it's a small portion that roll profitability. But we enjoy the growth and we believe it's important to keep competitive and we've done a very good job creating a better aesthetic in the junket rooms and the rolling rooms. We've built these suites which we have plenty of. The entertainment obviously is an unfair advantage. It drives amazing amounts of rolling business direct and junket. I think we just continue the course. We will be subject to the market's ups and downs as it relates to money flow and all the challenges the market face. We can't work around that. So our base business, the premium mass, mass remains our -- the money part of our EBITDA the strong part. But we're happy to participate in junket growth. And now it's planned -- the team is very, very focused on trying to get more competitive with the right spaces, with the right junket arrangements and it's paying off. And frankly, we have the advantages anyway of the entertainment, the suites all the good stuff we have, why not just deploy it further into that segment and add to our profitability. And so as part of our entire EBITDA ecosystem, it's helpful. It won't drive our business to 4 billion, that's where the mass -- premium mass comes in. But it was a planned strategy, it wasn't luck solely and this quarter was unlucky. But it will bounce back and I think you'll see some very good news ahead in the future of 2019 for our rolling business.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And then just staying on that, I know you gained a lot of share on the VIP year-over-year, but quarter-over-quarter it looks like it's down about 100 basis points. So is there any way to tell this early in the game who you -- who might have taken some share? And again, I know the overall market VIP number that you put in the deck is that -- is a guest, but…
Rob Goldstein: Yes. The problem, I think the world you can't – trees don't grow straight to the sky. There are some ups and downs and, yes, a little blip there, but overall there got to be performance the last couple of years. I look at the last two years, what staggers my imagination. I sat with rooms of people who told me we would be under $2 billion of portfolio EBITDA in – by 2019. We would fall, we'll loose share and we'll be falling apart and the world comes to an end. And here we are sitting on $3 billion a year, 18% growth, material impact in all segments. And I just couldn't be more proud of our team and our focus. And we just keep growing in the right direction. And for those of you who are in this for the long term, like we are, I think you'll be very, very well rewarded down the road of our performance. We are in the right place, right time, right assets and we'll take on all comers in terms of segmentation, junkets included, rolling direct. So very bullish. A blip by 100 basis points, I wouldn't get too excited about. Not material.
Felicia Hendrix: Thank you.
Rob Goldstein: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Robin Farley from UBS.
Robin Farley: Great. Thank you. Rob, you mentioned earlier in the call. You've been talking about growth and you said the Londoner is underway. I wonder if you could just give a little bit more specifics about the timing of…
Rob Goldstein: Sure.
Robin Farley: And potential disruption? It seems like it could be hard not to have it, and so just to manage expectations about it. Thanks.
Rob Goldstein: Sure, sure. No, a very fair question. First of all, I want to make sure everybody understands. We developed about 70 million square feet at LVS over the years, between all our different properties. So I think we're – I read some notes, people are concerned about what's happening to Londoner. Don't be concerned. It's going to be a magnificent success story that we'll be opening probably late 2020. It's underway already. It's a big challenge. We're taking a 1,200-room hotel and making into a 600 rooms all-suite hotel in The Londoner. There will be some disruption, Robin. And we'd be silly to say it wouldn't be. But it's a weird process in that and we're making progress in design approvals. We're continuing labor. We're making progress on our quotas. The government support is there. And I think the truth is, we're going to have an interesting process here whereby we're running – still running a major casino there under the SCC umbrella, while we're developing Londoner, we still have Dragon’s Palace open the entire time. We will open the St. Regis before The Londoner opens up. It will be a work in progress for the next 18 to 24 months. And there will be disruption. I'm not prepared to quantify, I just can't. We will not lose a table game or a slot machine in the portfolio. We have the ability to transfer assets in the SCC as well as on to other gaming floors if need be. I think some of the people in our team are pretty astute. And I think we're able to move our assets around to make sure we maximize them. I'm pretty confident that the disruption is going to be not as bad as other people anticipate. I'm also more confident that at the conclusion people who are kind of making these comments about, gee, how can you take away a property making $800 million? Well, when it makes a whole lot more than $800 million, perhaps long-term investors will recognize, there is no better way to invest our capital than the SCC transformation in Londoner. Some have referenced earlier to Patrick about M&A. There is no M&A that compares to this transaction. The return on this invested capital will be breathtaking. And I think those who are questioning that should look back at the Parisian which has now past 20% return on invested capital. Look at The Venetian now steamrolling towards $1.4 billion $1.5 billion. I think someone's got to pay a little attention to our past successes and give us some credit for Londoner. Yes, there'll be some disruption. We recognize that. Perhaps that EBITDA will transfer along those gaming assets to other properties in the portfolio and limit that disruption. But in the end, if you're a long-term thinker, you want to make money for long-term, this is a game changer for us. We're going to take a property that's been subpar and make it the equivalent to a Venetian-style property except on a twice as many sleeping rooms and fully-themed and fully-authentic London-style. And I think the result is going to justify the investment and the time and the effort. The disruption we'll have to wait and see how bad it gets. We're pretty confident that our team there is pretty astute. So, that's our take on Londoner.
Robin Farley: No, I appreciate that. And just one clarification, it's not a question whether you'll get a return on investment; it's just literally trying to think about what expectations should be for this year. When do rooms start coming out of service? And kind of what percent of rooms will that be, like just to think about maybe that's when we'd see some impact?
Rob Goldstein: So, post-Chinese New Year's will start -- by the way St. Regis will open up to support this share to the public to open that building up and sort of have access to the casino that way, but post-Chinese New Year, you start seeing. The Four Seasons is going to open up in the fall of 2020. Londoner comes out of -- The Londoner transformation -- from the current holiday [indiscernible] happening in March and April, the full transformation and it will be down for the 12, 14 months where it's going to take to transform it. But the most of the property, again, the Conrad remains intact. The St. Regis Hotel remains intact. We are building a new St. Regis behind the current St. Regis that is under construction. Dragon's Palace remains intact until the end. So, again, if there's different dates, the one thing does come down, we complete close before the holiday in 1,200 keys post-Chinese New Year. We open them probably late in 2020, that's the biggest single thing.
Patrick Dumont: Keep in mind too Rob that that -- those 1,300 hotel rooms like Holiday Inn are the least productive hotel rooms that we have in the entire portfolio. They are great for families. They're great for people who come over. The product they were creating is going to be even at much more productive, the same way that we saw at the Parisian taking smaller rooms out and creating larger suite. We expect to see the same kind of accretion. So, we're not losing that much when we take those hotels out of service on the gaming side, in particular, and so there is a big benefit that we get and a small kind of degradation, but you get a big outsized benefit once you're completed.
Rob Goldstein: What I don't know Rob is what's going to happen around the properties as we start tearing things down, the facade on the strip there that's going to be disruptive and all that. But we have alternative ways of accessing the building. So, we're going to wait and see how we run this thing, but a lot of confidence the team there is really skilled at wanting to transfer people. And, again, we have lot of the properties we can move the demand to. So, hopefully, we can limit disruption as we build this thing for the future.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Mr. Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli: Hey guys. Thank you. Rob just quickly on kind of better understanding the VIP strategy right now. In terms of where you're seeing the majority of the growth both on an absolute basis, obviously, revenue up significantly this period. Are you seeing it more through the junket channels or more through your direct channels? If I recall -- and I'm not sure you're going to provide color on this, but if I recall, your direct mix maybe used to be closer to 30% several years ago. And is that roughly the same and where is the growth coming from?
Rob Goldstein: You're right the first time, I'm not going to provide the breakout, but I appreciate the question. The answer is both; we're getting strong, premium and direct play and premium, rolling, direct and we're also getting strong junket. Our junket partners have been terrific. It's coming both ways. And I think that the point is we're number one in premium direct in the market and growing. And the truth is that's a very simple equation is back the same old story assets. When you have the best entertainment in town, you have these magnificent shows they want to see, when you have these junket rooms that are getting better and better. And more important, again there's a problem over there. There's just not enough sleeping rooms or quality of these high roller type customers be it direct or through junket. And as you know because you understand this well than anybody, the junket business has evolved where the customers dictate where they want to stay now. The old days of the junkets being in command of where people gamble that's over. So the better products, the better properties, the better entertainment facilities, the better retail places attract the customers. So we're getting a lot of that business from both direct and from the junket partners. And as you know they feed off each other and they complement the non-rolling piece as well. And again our ecosystem with retail, entertainment, too many suites for anybody else, I mean, we just have much more product than anybody else. And as a result, we're going to keep growing that. The only downturn as you know is the frustration, the macro frustrations in the market as it relates to that segment and that we can overcome. But assuming the business is there, the economy is healthy and the customers are showing up, we're going to keep gaining outsized share of that segment. The same we're getting outside share of everything else. I think the short-term views of Macao has always been a mistake, this is a market fueled by product, by quality and by scale and we had that in space. And I think as long as that holds up along with our stellar management team, we're going to continue to be a very strong force in Macao on the road to $4 billion.
Carlo Santarelli: Great, thank you. And then I just want to be mindful of the time, but in terms of your buyback activity in the quarter, could you just talk a little bit about the thinking that that went into, obviously, accelerating your pace of spend? Is that, hey, we find valuation attractive? We have, obviously, a very strong balance sheet, or kind of what was different in the 4Q with respect to your approach to the buyback relative to prior quarters in the year?
Patrick Dumont: I think, yes, to your first two statements and I think we have raised liquidity earlier on in the year for the purposes of returning capital. And we felt very strongly that we have a growth of potential. We're investing $2.2 billion as Rob has been laying out in the Londoner as well as other high potential projects in Macao and the Four Seasons and St. Regis. We see a lot of long-term value in the equity here. It's plain and simple, but Chairman sees a lot of long value in the company, believe that it will continue to return capital in meaningful way, and we have the liquidity we want to take advantage of. And so that's the nature of the repurchase that you saw in this last quarter and we'll look to be aggressive again in the future, because we feel very strongly about our returns and the potential of the investments that we're making. So that's the result of that 
Rob Goldstein: To put it to simple, gave buybacks.
Patrick Dumont: Gave buybacks.
Carlo Santarelli: Understood. Thank you, guys.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you very much. Appreciate your time, Carlo.
Daniel Briggs: Thanks very much, everyone.
Operator: Thank you all for participating. That ends today's conference call. You may now hang up.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd. Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Donna, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. I'll now turn the call over to Mr. Daniel Briggs. Sir, you may begin.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you, Operator. Joining me on the call today are Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Patrick Dumont, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release. Please note that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the question and answer session, we ask that you please respect our request and limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question, so we might allow everyone with an opportunity to participate. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. We delivered another great quarter. Hold-normalized adjusted EBITDA reached $1.27 billion, an increase of 8% over the prior year. Our Macao Operations once again performed exceptionally well with hold-normalized adjusted EBITDA growing by 18% to $754 million. We experienced strong growth in both the VIP and mass gaming table segments enabling us to again outperform in the Macao market, while growing our market share of revenues. We also achieved record hotel occupancy of 96% at our Macao portfolio, all the properties at 96%. Our hold-normalized EBITDA margin increased 150 basis points to reach 35% for the quarter. The Venetian Macao continues to be the iconic must-see destination for every segment of visitor to Macao. Gaming and non-gaming revenues both grew in excess of 20%, while adjusted EBITDA was up by 30%. The strong financial performance of The Venetian contributes to our unwavering confidence in the future of Macao, which will continue to benefit from enhanced transportation infrastructure and investments in the Greater Bay Area. We are steadfast in our conviction that Macao will realize its vision and evolve into Asia's greatest leisure and business-touring destination. Given our confidence in Macao's future, we have elected to meaningfully increase our planned investments in the Macao market. We will increase the breadth and scale of our offerings to the Londoner, Four Seasons Tower Suites and St. Regis Tower Suites. We will also expand our entertainment, convention, and non-gaming attraction across our Cotai Strip portfolio. These important projects will come online in phases throughout 2020 and 2021. We believe these increased investments will allow us to generate strong returns on invested capital and visit, while helping to contribute to Macao's economic and development objectives of diversification, economic growth and leadership in MICE and entertainment. Now, I'll move on to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. We've continued to generate stable cash flow in Marina Bay Sands with EBITDA of $419 million for the third quarter, both our hotel and our overall non-gaming revenues increased by more than 12% over the prior year. Our retail mall sales per square foot increased by 22% over the last 12 months. Marina Bay Sands continues to serve as the powerful reference site for emerging jurisdictions that are considering large-scale Integrated Resort developments. With the successful passage of the IR Implementation Bill in Japan earlier this year, we are continuing to pursue what would be a unique opportunity. Now, let's move on to my favorite subject, the return of capital to shareholders. Yay, return of capital. The Las Vegas Sands' Board of Directors has increased the recurring dividend for the 2019 calendar year to $3.08 per share or $0.77 per quarter. That marks the seventh consecutive year we have increased our recurring dividend. We also returned $300 million of capital to our shareholders through share repurchases during the quarter. In conclusion, our cash flow generation continues to be strong and predictable. We are increasing the scale and breadth of our investments in Macao because we have a long-term and unwavering commitment to Macao and complete confidence in Macao's future as Asia's leading leisure and business tourism destination. We look to the future with unwavering confidence. We have a strong organic growth outlook. We are strategically reinvesting in our existing assets, while also pursuing new development opportunities, and we have both the intent and the financial strength to continue to return excess capital to shareholders. With that having been said, I want to thank you for joining us on the call today. Now, we'll be happy to take some questions.
Operator: First question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks so much and good afternoon. Sheldon, I do want to touch on the expansion of your CapEx program in a moment, but I did want to start with a different topic because investors have been focused on mainly two things over the past few months. First, there's been concern that the trade war-related slowing Chinese economy is going to affect demand in Macao and then also the political tensions between the U.S. and China increases the risk that the U.S. concession holders have when their concessions come up for rebid. So, we've been having those conversations a lot with folks. So I was wondering if you or Rob can address both of those. So, and Rob particularly on the demand side, what are you hearing when you talk to your customers? And I'm most curious, if you can segment that out by VIP and mass, because is the mass player somehow more insulated from the economic ebbs and flows? And then regarding the concessions, what can you say to alleviate investor concerns?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Right. As you know, we've been in Macao since 2004, been there 14 years. We've invested $13 billion, and we've seen it all over the years. We've seen these restrictions, union pay issues, junket difficulties, border restrictions, the Great Recession. And we are in 2018 and we're probably going to deliver over $3 billion of EBITDA. And we keep growing. We keep reinvesting. We have a highly diversified business which is number one in virtually every segment there is from EBITDA to mass revenue, to premium mass revenue to slots, hotels. Our business is stable and strong. And we always believed and we still believe there'll never be another market as powerful as Macao. I think Sheldon referenced in the call, we're going to spend $2 billion in the next couple years. If there is not a vote of confidence than that, I don't know what that is. I was simply telling you that we believe strongly today, we believe strongly tomorrow, we believe our concession renewal is not at risk. And more importantly, these third quarter numbers, if you earn $3 billion in the current run rate, our business looks very good over there. In fact if anything, the growth in The Venetian, year-on-year, Q-on-Q, the growth on our base mass business has soared. Our retail business has never been stronger. It's incredible what we are doing. It's the highest sales per square foot we ever had and we're about $2.7 billion. I just don't know what else we can do. We run our business properly and we're doing that. We're doing it very, very well. And these numbers are indicative of a very strong business that's diversified. It's a very large footprint. And so, we talk about concessions and what we are expecting. All we can do is, what we're told and addressed by the government of Macao. They have asked us over the years to invest heavily in non-gaming assets. Well, we built 13,000 sleeping rooms. We built over 2 million square feet of retail mall. We built millions of square foot of MICE space. We basically we built an arena when people thought that was a crazy idea. I just don't know what else you can do, but do what you're told to do, and we have done that. We're big fans of China. We're big fans of Macao. We've been wildly successful and our $2 billion statement that Sheldon made in the call to bring Londoner to fruition and the Four Seasons and the St. Regis is proof positive. Actions speak louder than words. Those are our actions and that's what we're doing right now today in the third quarter of 2018. If that's not a firm belief how we feel, I just don't know what else is. And our business, despite the stock market, our business sales are very good over there. We're growing in every segment including the junket segment. So, I don't have a crystal ball nor does anyone else I know, but we feel very bullish on the market and we feel very bullish about our license renewal. And we understand there's a trade war and there's issues going on, but over the years we've seen all of that. We've seen, God, in 14 years what we haven't seen. I don't know what else they can throw at us. Yet, we're resilient. We're strong. We're making lots of money and we're investing in our firm belief that we'll be there today, tomorrow and many years to come. And we're very privileged to be in Macao and we're very excited about the future. That's why we're building Londoner and Four Seasons and St. Regis. That's the best I can do in answering that question.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: No, that's helpful. And actually that's a good segue to my – sorry?
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: This is Sheldon. Would you mind repeating?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I will repeat but I would bore this group. But all kidding aside, we spent some time preparing for this call and the more I look at our actions, I don't know what else we can do and our business today is just exciting.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We spent US$13 billion or US$14 billion and that's for new construction, never mind the cost of maintenance CapEx, never mind all of the non-gaming assets that we've installed and continue to deploy. Never mind the, what do you call it, the arena.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yes. The arena, the MICE, the hotel.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We might build another arena.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We love to build more. Sheldon has authorized us to keep going. Yeah.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We're putting aside some land that we're going to put aside for placement of a wave pool, but now, somebody else has got a wave pool. It's not that unique anymore, so I think we can afford to use our land for that.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I also think you should look at Macao. We came there in 2004. The market in 2005 was about US$5 billion. This year it will approach US$38 billion. Mass market in 2010 was $6.7 billion, it's $20 billion. You have to invest long term. You can't let the cycles bother you or frankly stock market prices bother you. You've got to stay committed. You've got to hire great people to do great things. We have done that. And you got to follow the advices of the government and we do that. We just are very, very positive about this. And again, I think the $2 billion-plus investment we're making for the years ahead reflect that sincerity and that belief.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. And that is a segue just to my next question, which is a little bit of a housekeeping one. Of the announcement that you made today in terms of expanding these projects, if we spread the numbers correctly, which we did very fast, so we could have made a mistake. But it looks like from what you announced previously, there's slightly under a $500 million increase and then there's some additional projects which are now a little over $500 million. So just maybe you can just touch briefly upon the new stuff that you are adding and why?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think I'll take that as well. We are spending more money and it's based on two different reasons. Number one, we see growth in Macao in all segments. We see our hotel rooms are knocking out numbers we never anticipated. We think there's a demand in that market from all kinds of different things including quality hotel rooms. The Four Seasons will benefit dramatically by having a 300-suite facility that plays right to premium mass and to junket. We're going to give that property that additional space. We've upgraded our game there. We're building better suites. We're building better lobbies. We're basically trying to compete in a very, very good market. Ritz-Carlton is extraordinary product. The Wynn product is very good. Our Venetian product is very good. We weren't happy with the level of finish. We upped our game. We're glad we did it. We're adding gaming space in that building. That same thought process applies to St. Regis. We weren't happy with the quality. We went back and said, look at the competition, not just in Macao, but regionally. To keep growing, our goal is to go beyond $3 billion, beyond $3.5 billion to $4 billion in years ahead. To get there, we need great product for premium mass and for the junket business. The Londoner might be the greatest opportunity we could have. Macao simply is the best market in the world bar none. And SCC simply trailed The Venetian in virtually every segment and yet it's perfectly located. Now, it's got a neighborhood with Wynn and MGM; has 6,000 rooms. It should compete neck and neck like The Venetian. The Venetian is the $1.4 billion – probably going $1.5 billion, maybe $1.6 billion building. There's no reason why the SCC with double the rooms and the kind of – with our new Apple Store opened up, our new retail segments coming on line, there's no reason why we can't grow our EBITDA dramatically. We took our case to Sheldon and the board and they said we believe in this project. We want to be very well done and execution of these flawless. So our goal is yes, we're spending over $1 billion at Londoner, but I believe the returns will be far outsized any other investment in the globe we can make today. So, this is a dedication to quality, a dedication to diversification, a dedication to Macao and making sure that our footprint remains the biggest and the best in that market to maximize our growth. We are growing in every segment, every day and we are going to keep growing. And this is a commitment to that quality and to that growth.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: You would think that our competitors would see what it is we're doing and trying to compete with us. Right now they can't because they don't have the land to implement the changes that we've made. We started out with a complete unequivocal Integrated Resort model and that's what we did. We stuck with it. Every one of our properties is an Integrated Resort model and people, we used up all the land. Now, we even used up more land than what was allocated to us. And our competitors in Macao don't seem to understand that. But I don't want to convince them all to do exactly what we're doing as this is sort of counterproductive. However, it should be pretty obvious that if we've been doing it in the past year after year after year since 1988.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: But Macao 2004.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Macao 2004?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah, right.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: But I mean we've been building up the staff. We've been building up the business model.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yes, we have. Yes.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: And it works.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: It sure does.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Year over year.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I know the numbers in the stock market don't reflect it. We look at this quarter, there's growth in virtually every segment of our business, especially base mass growing to over $700 million with ridiculous margins in our retail business. If that doesn't tell you something good is happening in Macao, our sales per square foot are spiking double digit in every category. I don't know, it's hard to explain the disconnect between what's happening in the stock market with our business in Macao, but we remain very committed to what our business is producing and growing it. So, we want to grow to $800 million and beyond per quarter, $900 million and beyond. We're dedicated to doing that and these investments are simply reflections of that commitment and that belief in Macao.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs. Sir, your line is now open.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi, thank you. I guess two follow-ups to Felicia's questions. You mentioned having conversations with the government in Macao. I guess has there been any color on what the concession renewal process may look like? And then given your confidence in the forward trajectory, what is the tolerance to consider accelerating return of capital even beyond what you've done and or taking other strategic actions if the stock stays under pressure?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Stephen, it's Rob. We have never had any real conversations with the government in terms of what the concession looks like. There's been a lot of chatter out there and we listen to the chatter like you do. And we're staying firm in our commitment that we're doing all the right things, which is what Sheldon referenced in terms of non-gaming core assets. When you look at what we've done in that area, it's larger than all of our competitors together. No one is even close to what we've done. I guess I take solace in the fact that we've done everything since 2004 to the current, every yesterday in our board meetings, when we talked to the board of approving another $2 billion. No one flinched. No one even thought twice. In fact most of that commitment is non-gaming. It's really a focus on more hotel, more quality. So, we can't tell you what the government's thinking is vis-à-vis re-license your bid process how it happens. We just remain confident that we've done all the right things we can do and we remain confident Macao will make the right decisions as it relates to our licenses on a go-forward basis. We're looking beyond 2022. We are very confident, very comfortable. I'll turn to Patrick on the issue of reinvestment and buybacks.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We've been very focused on the return of capital and capital allocation, something the board focuses on every quarter. Our Chairman is very focused on and the management team is very focused on. As you can see this quarter, we saw significant value in the equity. And as we described when we raised the $1.350 billion at the U.S. Restricted Group level, we would deploy that capital or certain capital to shareholders and we've done that. And so our intent is to continue to be aggressive in the market as we look to grow our cash flows and as we can return capital in a favorable way. So you saw the increase in the dividend. Our board has been very good about that, raising dividend each year for the last seven years, in order to focus on the cornerstone of our return of capital program which is a dividend. We feel very strongly about that and its long-term nature. And at the same time as we have the opportunities to use our balance sheet, as we have opportunities to use cash flow generated from the business as Macao grows, as other components of the business grow, we'll be more aggressive and look to the equity markets to return capital markets – to return capital that way. So you saw the result this quarter. We returned $300 million through share repurchases and we'll look to be aggressive again in the future as we have the opportunity to do so.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And I guess the very quick follow-up on that. What's the upper bound on your leverage ratio kind of ex any major construction projects, let's say in Japan?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think, we're going to be consistent with what we said both the agencies and what the Chairman has communicated previously between two and three times. We're very focused on maintaining our investment-grade rating. We think that provides a long-term competitive advantage, gives us very strong access to the capital markets and it's worked very well for us as you can see in the completion of the SCL offering. So from our standpoint we think we have a very strong balance sheet. It gives us a very strong competitive position, allows flexibility for new growth development, as well as to return capital. You saw in the last quarter when we raised the money at the U.S. level and we're buying back stock now. So I don't think leverage is going to go above what the Chairman said, but obviously we need to leverage a little bit as our EBITDA grows.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. I'll jump back in the queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley. Sir, your line is now open.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. So when you look at your Macao business, you'll see on slide 11, so the premium mass revenue growth is slowing, while the base mass business is accelerating. Does that feel like how the market feels? And then how do you adjust your strategy to adjust for kind of the current market environment? Thanks.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Right. So, I think we're – two thoughts here. One is we're unique and we show you the base mass business is growing materially. And I think that performance makes us feel very that we're doing the right things vis-à-vis base mass. We have on the other hand, I think we've seen – I wouldn't call it slowing, as much as flattening out. The deceleration is obvious in our premium mass business the last three quarters. But I think you've to realize we grew from our premium mass base back in Q3 of 2017 was $499 million. We're now running at $616 million. I guess all trees don't grow to the sky every day. There's got to be some adjustments. So we grew from basically $500 million up to $616 million in one year. You're correct as you note that the decelerating in the premium mass. However, we have, again our diversification, our portfolio enables us to be in a different business here as well. So look at our base mass on the slide, I think, it's 11, growing to $705 million. And again, our margins there are spectacular. So not to make short shrift of the premium mass business, it appears to be flattening out a bit albeit one year year-on-year looks terrific. Q-on-Q doesn't look so terrific sequentially. But I think that business will keep growing. That's why we're investing in quality product suites. I also believe that business will grow as our junket business gets stronger because there's a relationship there. And lastly, I feel very bullish about our base mass business. It just keeps getting better and better. And to be blunt about it, that's our sandbox. No one else plays in it. No one else has the room capacity, the gaming capacity, the retail capacity to compete for that base mass high-margin business that's fueled a lot of this quarter's success. This quarter at $754 million, even if you lost a pivotal weekend, which could be worth, I don't know, $15 million, I don't know what the number would be, but clearly lost EBITDA indicates how powerful our business is. Others have to stay constrained to premium mass and junket. We play in a lot of different places. We play in retail, base mass, and so we – and we grow in junket. So while we recognize the deceleration last few quarters, we also note the year-on-year growth and we note the base mass acceleration. If that can keep growing, that's a pretty good place to be. So, no refuting the comment, but our diversification kind of pushes back on that issue. And honestly deep down we believe base mass and premium mass will keep growing in Macao.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, Rob. And then just a quick follow-up. Are you willing to talk at all about how October Golden Week went?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: No, we don't talk about current quarter. We'll talk to you in three months.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Well, that was worth a try. Thank you.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Good try, and we respect that effort. What's next?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anil Daswani from Citigroup. Sir, your line is now open.
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: Thank you and thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to focus a little bit on VIP. Given the softness that we're seeing in the VIP market, you guys have been very aggressive in expanding and probably have some of the nicest new VIP facilities that we've seen across at The Venetian. Do you see yourselves taking share in this business from the other operators or growing the market in VIP is my sort of first question.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: That's a very good question. I don't want to address it.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Just one from each caller.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah. Well, Sheldon.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: (26:23) That ends up with a net sheer increase.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We'd like to think we're growing the market, but let's be blunt. We don't have a crystal ball into other people's numbers yet. I would say this though very bluntly, we have always been the market leaders in premium mass, base mass, slots, ETG, EBITDA. We run the table here in terms of leadership and yet our junket business has been really subpar and at times very disappointing. We've committed ourselves to spending capital to fix those rooms you addressed. We're very proud of where we're going. These rooms when they get done, and they keep happening, are going to be spectacular. We're adding more junket rooms. We're adding more junket tables. We're dedicating more suites to the junket base. So while we've looked good on 24% year-on-year growth and 15% sequentially, the truth is we were going from a very low base. There's a lot more running room in this company to do a lot better in junkets. We like the junket business. We like our junket partners and we've woken up to the fact that we've left a lot on the table in years past. So I can't speak to whether we grow the market or steal share. I hope it's a little of both, and I hope it's a lot more growth in the market, but there's a junket business out there. We're seeing it this quarter. We're seeing it in the future. But keep in mind our base in this area is not all that high, so the growth numbers maybe look a little larger than they should be. But again, we're committed to this segment and growing in it.
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: Thank you. As my follow-up, just a quick one on The Parisian. Obviously, The Venetian has done incredibly well with EBITDA of over 30%. What happened at The Parisian that's sort of dragging the performance there a little bit compared to its peers?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Well, one thing we should be blunt about year-on-year is, we had an incredible amount of very concentrated high-end play at The Venetian in the premium direct business. And to be very honest and complete transparency, we ran into some extraordinary business last year that lifted The Parisian numbers, it shouldn't have been at. And I think that's part of the story. The other part of the story is, as a year-on-year that growing business looks like it's slowed down terrifically, it hasn't. But the other thing about the – you should know about The Parisian is that all the rooms, the conversions we referenced in the past are now coming online and that is the big driver in The Parisian's future success. We've going to have 300 totally renovated keys there. That I think will be very impactful as we go forward. And I think that's part of the story that we believe we can grow that. This is 20% inventory in terms of the premium suites. But we like The Parisian business. We underestimated the premium direct demand and the junket demand for it. So we really think there's brighter days ahead. We like to pass $500 million annualized and keep growing there. We missed it at the opening and we corrected that. So all segments are starting to come in the right direction. Again, the only miss there was the premium direct year-on-year is somewhat last year's performance was not sustainable and pretty amazing due to very few players.
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: Thanks for taking my questions.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Sir, your line is now open.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon, everybody. With respect to the increased investment in CapEx at Sands Cotai and the hotel tower suite at Sheraton and Four Seasons, do you anticipate any incremental renovation disruption as a consequence? I know in the past you said the initial investment there you thought you can manage around and doing it through seasonally slow period. Is there any change in your thoughts on that front?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah. There's going to be disruption, Joe, I think at The Londoner, that we don't believe there'll very much disruption at all at the Four Seasons because it doesn't exist. It doesn't – it's not connected to existing building. So that's not an issue. We don't believe Four Seasons is impactful, nor St. Regis for the same reason it's not connected to a building. The Londoner will be a long project. It's a year and three quarters. So of course there's disruption and there's noise, etcetera. You can't avoid that and there's going to be a lot of construction. So we're not ready to qualify or quantify how we see that, but we acknowledge there'll be some disruption. But again, I think like all things in life in this if you do it properly the end result will be Londoner should rival The Venetian being an incredible product that can make a lot of money for us. Imagine having Venetian side by side with Londoner and creating that kind of EBITDA opportunity. So will there be disruption? Yes. How much? We have no idea and we have two properties that I think will not be that impactful. So I'd say, wait and see.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And then my follow-up is with respect to your focus on the VIP segment in Macao, do you anticipate investing additional or injecting additional liquidity to the junkets? And then with respect to the 3Q results, I know you don't want to talk about October, but with respect to the 3Q results how much of the VIP rolling win was a function of your increasing more liquidity junkets? And are you getting more requests from junkets more recently?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: So, we don't – hey, Joe, it's Patrick. How are you? We don't comment specifically about our credit to junkets, but I will tell you that we've been very consistent in the way that we work with them over the past couple of years and we don't see anything changing. So we provided them with significant opportunity to grow their businesses. We provided them with better space, as Rob referenced. And we feel very confident about our credit exposure there, as well as the fact that they have the liquidity they need from us in order to conduct operations successfully. So we're not going to really change anything that we're doing at this time.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good afternoon, everyone. I think, virtually every question is related to – mostly to Macao so far. So maybe just to switch gears for a little bit. Could you just give us maybe the latest high-level strategic update on what's going on in Japan? We see a lot of press reports, some renderings crossing different jurisdictions, but just maybe your latest thoughts on kind of how you see the process or any deadlines that are upcoming, playing out?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah. Shaun, I'll just open, then Sheldon will close on Japan, because he's been doing business there for a long time. We're in the hunt in Japan. We're trying to do our best. It's a long race. It sure isn't a sprint. We're there quite frequently and we're assessing the value of each of the potential cities and we've been on the ground there for a long time. We hope it materializes as it's been represented over the next year or two. It's obviously a fast-lane market and we're doing our best to get a license there. And that's all I'll say about that, because there isn't a whole lot more to talk about in Japan from my perspective. Sheldon?
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We've been lobbying there for 10 years. My lobbying rises out of the fact that I have a previous business experience in Japan, particularly in the MICE business. I designed and helped to build, advised on the biggest MICE facility in Japan before the present site in Tokyo, the big site, was conceived. The site that I advised on was called the Makuhari Messe and they took that from – they took the word Messe from the German meaning of fairgrounds. So there's the Frankfurt Messe, and there's a Hamburg Messe, et cetera. It's – there is – everybody in the industry believes that if anybody is going to be selected there, it's going to be us. And we even have our competitors coming to us, and seeing whether or not we can share some opportunities. I'm not sure that we want to share them with our competitors. As we may – we may already been sharing with the nationals, with Japanese nationals. So, if we do that, I think, it's all set. Yes, we do have some partners that are recognized as good partners. We do have some expressions of interest from people that want to go in with us. And they all know that our background, particularly my background in the field of MICE is what is flowing grassroots. They're watering their grassroots, and I think that looks very good for us. And we'll see how it comes out. We all know that Japan is not known for working very fast. Then again, a lot of countries aren't. I hope they're working very fast. So, if we move along with them at their rate of speed, we will then have the opportunity to grow with them at their rate of speed. So, I think, what we ought to do is we ought to wait, there's a happening that will happen on next month on November something that will be the World Expo, and if the World Expo is awarded to Osaka that the federal government in Japan will provide the capital for infrastructure that is lacking in Osaka. So, if you look at all – if you add up all the pieces together, I think we look very good and I'd like to make a bet on it.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much. And then maybe just as a follow-up and to switch gears again to kind of get your latest thoughts on Las Vegas. There's been a lot of concerns around the operating, and particularly the hotel pricing environment there. I think, your RevPAR was slightly negative, but it's also a very, I think, well-known – it was a tough convention quarter or event quarter in the market. So what's kind of the outlook that you're seeing in Vegas right now? That's it. Thank you.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah. I've heard some about that. Vegas had tough third quarter especially in the group and MICE segments, and we participate in that as you reference to RevPAR. Fourth quarter is better. It looks actually pretty good and we believe we'll go back to over 800,000 room nights dedicated to the convention space in 2019. There was a blip in the third quarter. From our perspective it was a blip. We don't have the scale like some people do as far as rooms, but pretty confident fourth quarter resurrects. And next year looks like a more typical 2019, solid MICE business, solid rooms business, so not much concern in Las Vegas. So, we're going to run $450 million of EBITDA, very comfortable with our business here.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Dan, can I make a quick note on one call. I'd like to jump in here. On one question that was asked about The Parisian, I failed to mention that we have 600 rooms out of commission this year for renovation. So, this quarter about 20%, 25% of our room inventory was off the market. And it certainly has an impact on our Parisian business, so just wanted to note that. I think, it was Anil Daswani who made the comment. So, I missed that and I apologize.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley from UBS. Sir, your line is now open.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great, thanks. It looks like from some of the detail in the slides with the budget for The Londoner, maybe almost doubled since you last put numbers out for it? Can you give a little bit of color on what that – that is just a pretty significant incremental spend?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Robin, it's just the same story we mentioned earlier. I think we looked, we jumped into The Londoner and it was so compelling to begin with when we first looked at it because look at what The Londoner does or the current SCC as opposed to The Venetian. It's somewhat confusing to see if the hotel makes about $700 million to $750 million, where Venetian is going to go double that. So, we started. We put a plan together. The more we delved into it, the more opportunity we saw to spend more money intelligently and create a product that could be with The Venetian. And our goal is to create book-ends. We want to see two buildings that throw off $1 billion, $2 billion, $3 billion, $4 billion side-by-side. We also love the geographic location with Wynn right behind us and MGM. And the more we got into it, the more we saw compelling opportunities to invest in things like from an entertainment perspective, enhanced room perspective. And we convinced ourselves that this is a great place to invest capital. It's really that simple. We saw and the board saw yesterday and Sheldon saw, when he first saw, the opportunity to make this product much, much stronger is there. 6,000 keys, centrally located, right across The Venetian in every category from retail, base mass, slot ETG, junket, premium mass, we can grow considerably. Our retail sales I think are 25%, 30%. We do it at The Venetian which is crazy. The Venetian is $220 million retail environment. And we're seeing crossing 60%, if that goes up 100%. That's pretty – that's a big consideration. Everybody likes that building as far as the rooms. They don't like the physical, the external and the casino is just somewhat confusing. It lacks an identity. The Londoner will give it a very clear identity. And we believe when it's done, it's going to be a force to be reckoned with and the same vein as The Venetian. So hence, we decided to invest more capital and everyone in this team from both an executive and board position has reviewed it and agreed with that. And that's the simple answer.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. No, I was looking for if there was some maybe a specific feature or something just with that budget increment, but it sounds like it's got a lot going.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: No. There is a lot. There is a St. Regis feature, there's an entertainment feature, there's a retail feature, there's incredible. There is some ceilings that are being raised. When we get done with that thing, I think the theming will be pretty extraordinary. And we're hoping the results, the comp and the EBITDA results will be extraordinary too. There's not one, there wasn't a problem; there was just the commitment to spend more capital and make the place much more impressive.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And then if I could just follow-up on a topic that with in terms of VIP trends, maybe if you could just give us your take on what is it that maybe drove some of the more recent period to not look as strong and how do you – is that something that you – how do you feel about that as a kind of long term versus immediate term, when those trends might turn?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: When you say VIP, are you talking premium mass, you talking junket? How are you thinking about that?
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: I mean really VIP more than – not more than the premium mass business, which I realize is only 8% of your EBITDA in Macao, but just can you kind of see trends?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah. Unfortunately there's only – well, we're a little different in that we did grow sequentially in year-on-year strongly. And so perhaps our visibility to VIP is a little different than others. We see growth in those segments, but we've been a laggard and we're replacing that approach with a much more aggressive one. And so we're seeing VIP trends continue to grow aggressively double-digit and we're thrilled about it. I can't speak to our competitors, but I think again our dedication in capital and suites and gaming capacity will fuel, we believe we have a lot of running room left in VIP, a lot of running room and not because we've – I think we've done so, had weak performance relative to the competition. So our hats off to competition, but we're enjoying the party and try to do a lot more business in that VIP segment. We see the benefit in that segment to us is both the profit we make, but also the residual effect, the spillover effect into premium mass and other categories. So I can't speak to the rest. We don't see problems in Macao for us. I can't speak to other companies, but for us VIP looks like a growth segment, a considerable growth segment and we dedicate the capital and the gaming space and the tables, and of course, the suites to accompany that. So we're growing our business aggressively in that segment.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Rob, quickly. In terms of the bridge opening, I haven't heard you guys kind of discuss it much. But could you talk a little bit about maybe some of the benefits that you see coming from that besides the obvious. But levels of magnitude in terms of what you think that could potentially do, whether that help comes more on the VIP side, the mass side, premium mass side or mix?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think we all believe, I think I speak for the industry or maybe at least for this room, but we believe it's a mass phenomenon, it's going to drive a lot of mass. We also recognize it's not there yet since infancy, so the impact we shouldn't think about that for a bit. But I think it's unequivocal that the potential of that bridge to drive more people into Macao is terrific. And for us, has the biggest footprint, it's more terrific than others. So I think we're very excited about the bridge, it's an extraordinary architectural feat. I've been watching it for years and I'm always amazed by it. And to see it actually open is exciting. But it's early yet and the impact is negligible for this quarter and probably for the next year. It may kick in who knows if it's 18 months away or whatever it's going to be, until it really kicks in. But I think we all believe it's more of a mass-based phenomenon because it feeds our rooms, it feeds our retail, it feeds our base mass. And, again, for us base mass is a big business. I mean, with $700 million a quarter in tables, with $150 million in slots and growing. So we would like to see it grow our base mass into a $1 billion plus a quarter. That bridge is going to be the catalyst to get us there. We are huge fans of it and we can't wait to see it ramp up. But that's not happening today.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you. And then just one quick follow-up. With respect to Marina Bay Sands, obviously first quarter, tremendous margins; the last two quarters, margins under pressure a little bit. I know you guys obviously have lapped some of the commission stuff that you did on the VIP side. But is there anything else that's kind of influencing the margins there, or is that just really boiling down more to business mix on a quarter-by-quarter basis?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Business mix is always important at MBS, but I got to take a moment and just say that we – I think it's a misunderstood product and there's our profit drivers there. Our first driver there is as you know is base mass. And that's premium mass, slot ETG. It runs 60%-plus quarter-after-quarter. We wish we could make more money, but we're capacity constrained unfortunately. But that is the number one, it's $1 billion of contribution plus. And so that's the number one thing. The other business which drives like crazy is hotel, food and beverage which runs consistently $95 million with again extraordinarily good margins. Our retail business which is $160 million, $170 million, again, the retail business is always a high margin business. The outlier is the VIP business. And what's ironic as they go back and do some work and what we're doing there as a team there has effectively grown the margins by double from a 15%, 16% business to a 30%-plus business. The struggle there is growing the top line. And so, as you know, we've struggled there, and we're going to keep struggling. It's not a growth business in terms of the rolling business. But I guess we're proud of Macao, we're got the margins that roughly, we think they're exceptional, $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion $1.7 property is hard to find, not many others around. So we're thrilled with that business. We wish to get more ability to grow it. And we wish but we can't raise rates a whole lot more. We can't – when we're winning the slots, something like normal slots are up to $800 a unit, I just don't know anything else we can do at Marina Bay Sands, but we'll take $1.6 billion, $1.7 billion. As Sheldon says, it's a living. So we're trying. But I think our mix is, knowing that those four segments that is vulnerable to margin pressure is the rolling piece. We're consistent every other business from retail, hotel rooms, food and beverage and base mass and rolling. So, great business, we just need to get more capacity.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Understood.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Just like the joke, right? Two guys are on a rowboat, somebody falls out and the other guy yells out, Joe, where are you, where are you? I can't see him in the dark. He said, I'm here, I'm here. He said, are you okay? He says, yeah, I make a living.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Well, it's like that. Yeah, we're thrilled with MBS but it is what it is.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks, guys.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you, appreciate it.
Operator: And that concludes our conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.
Analysts: Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Vincent and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. I'll now turn the call over to Mr. Daniel Briggs.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thanks, Vincent. Joining me on the call today are Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Patrick Dumont, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release. We also want to inform you that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website for your use. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the Q&A session, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up so we might allow everyone with interest to participate. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The Company had a great quarter and I am pleased that we continued to deliver strong financial results. Hold-normalized company-wide adjusted property EBITDA reached $1.23 billion, an increase of 12% over the prior year. Our Macao operations again performed exceptionally well, with adjusted property EBITDA growing by 25% to $750 million. We experienced strong growth in both the VIP and mass table game segments, enabling us to grow our market share of gaming revenue both year-over-year and sequentially. Our Macao operations are back to generating an annualized EBITDA run rate of $3 billion. Marina Bay Sands continue to produce strong cash flows, while Las Vegas had another strong quarter on a hold-normalized basis. Our balance sheet remains the strongest in the industry. As of the end of the second quarter, our gross debt to trailing 12 months EBITDA leverage ratio was 2.2 times at Las Vegas Sands and 1.6 times at Sands China. The size and stability of our cash flows enable us to reinvest in our existing portfolio, pursue new development opportunities and return excess capital to shareholders. At the same time, we will continue to maintain a prudent approach to our balance sheet and we intend to stay within our targeted ratio of gross leverage to EBITDA between two and three times at both Las Vegas Sands and Sands China. In Macao, the acceleration in mass market growth that began in the fourth quarter of last year has continued into the first and second quarters of this year. Our non-rolling drop in the second quarter grew by 19% over the prior year and non-rolling win grew by 20% over the prior year. This strong mass revenue growth combined with cost efficiencies drove significant margin expansion. Our hold-normalized EBITDA margin reached 35.2% for the quarter, representing an increase of 170 basis points compared with the prior year. The successful execution of our Cotai Strip development over the past decade is giving us important structural advantages; the scale and range of our hotel suite inventory, the diversity of our non-gaming offerings, especially in retail MICE and entertainment – and the unique benefit of interconnectivity between our Cotai properties. These advantages allow us to attract more overnight visitors than any other operator, as well as to increase their length of stay. In the second quarter of 2018, we equaled our record hotel occupancy of 94%, despite the second quarter typically being a seasonally softer period. As a result, we grew by an outstanding 29% in premium mass when compared to the prior year, and our retail mall tenant sales grew by 30% over the prior year with each of our four malls contributing strong growth. Our strategy to build Integrated Resort with scale and diversity continues to pay clear dividends as Macao receives more visitors from outside of Hong Kong and Guangdong province. Chinese visitation to Macao from provinces outside of Guangdong grew by 17% over the 12 months to June 30th. These visitors are also staying longer in Macao and enjoying the ever-growing diversity of non-gaming attractions and amenities. The opening of The Venetian Macao over a decade ago marked the first step in my vision to create the Cotai Strip. The Venetian introduced large scale non-gaming amenities in Macao such as retail malls, MICE, live entertainment and arenas. These attractions are now well-established in Macao and will continue to flourish and grow. This quarter The Venetian Macao delivered an exceptional performance, benefiting from its comprehensive suite renovation program which was completed at the beginning of this year. Rolling volumes were 44%, non-rolling drop grew by 32%, retail mall tenant sales increased by 27%, and hold-normalized adjusted EBITDA was up by 33%. The Venetian together with the Four Seasons, SCC, and The Parisian all interconnected, comprises the only MICE-based integrated resort complex of this scale in the world. I'm truly grateful to the Macao Government and the local community for their great support over the years in enabling us to implement this vision and strategy. I was absolutely committed then and I remain as deeply committed today to continuing to support Macao's economic diversification and its transformation into Asia's leading leisure and business tourism destination. We will continue to invest substantial capital into our portfolio across every segment of our business. I'm confident that these investments will drive additional growth in leisure and business tourism for both our portfolio and for Macao overall. In particular, I am very excited by the way the design work for The Londoner is progressing. The Londoner will have tremendous potential as a third landmark must-see destination, complementing The Venetian and The Parisian. Our commitment to further reinvest in Macao is not limited to The Londoner. Many other significant capital projects are taking shape as we speak – the suite conversions at Parisian, the wholesale renovation of our VIP gaming areas, a number of new F&B outlets and the full scale development of the tower adjacent to The Four Seasons Macao, which will greatly bolster the competitive position of the Plaza/Four Seasons property. Let me assure you that we are not resting on our laurels, but constantly investing, upgrading, and modernizing key elements of the Macao portfolio to attract new visitors and give repeat visitors new reasons to come back to our properties. Our decision to reinvest and develop The Londoner Macao and to add additional suite inventory reflects that long-term commitment to Macao and our confidence in its future. We regard it as a privilege to contribute to Macao's success and realizing its objectives of diversifying its economy, supporting the growth of local businesses and providing meaningful career development opportunities for its citizens, including through our Sands Academy and reaching its full potential as Asia's leading leisure and business tourism destination. Now moving on to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. As mentioned earlier, we continue to generate strong cash flow at Marina Bay Sands with EBITDA of $368 million. Our mass win per day grew by 10% over the prior year to $4.85 (sic) [$4.85 million]. Our retail mall also continues to outperform the broader Singapore retail market with our tenant sales per square foot growing more than 19% in the 12 months ended June 30. At the same time, Marina Bay Sands continues to serve as a powerful reference site for emerging jurisdictions that are considering large scale Integrated Resort developments. Our pioneering track record, unmatched development expertise, and financial strength put us in a leading position to take advantage of the most promising new development opportunities on the horizon. With the successful passage of the IR implementation bill in Japan last week, we look forward to pursuing what would be a unique opportunity. We hope to be able to bring our track record, expertise, and development vision together with our industry-leading financial strength to deliver to Japan a large scale MICE-based Integrated Resort that would be uniquely tailored to the Japanese market. In Las Vegas, we achieved another strong quarter with hold-normalized EBITDA $106 million, an increase of 23% over the prior year. Now let's move on to my favorite subject, the return of capital to shareholders: yay dividends and yay buybacks. Our recurring dividend program remains the cornerstone of our program to return capital to shareholders. Last October, the Las Vegas Sands Board of Directors approved an increase in our recurring dividend for the 2018 calendar year to $3.00 per share for the year or $0.75 per quarter. After establishing our recurring dividend program in 2012, this marks the sixth consecutive year that we've increased our recurring dividend to shareholders. We remain deeply committed to our recurring dividend programs at both Las Vegas Sands and Sands China, and we look forward to increasing those recurring dividends in the future as our cash flows grow. At the same time, we will remain optimistic in returning excess capital via our share repurchase program. We repurchased $ 100 million of stock during the quarter. We look forward to continuing to utilize the stock buy-back program, to return excess capital to shareholders, and to enhance long-term shareholder returns in the future. Our industry-leading cash flows, geographic diversity and balance sheet strength, enable us to continue our recurring dividend and stock repurchase programs, while retaining ample financial flexibility to reinvest in our existing properties and pursue the most promising new development opportunities. In conclusion, our cash flow generation continues to be strong and predictable. The structural advantages from our scale, critical mass and product diversity continues to translate into strong financial results. The marked acceleration in mass market growth in the Macao market has continued during the current quarter. We will continue to make significant investments in Macao, because we have a long-term and unwavering commitment to this market. We look to the future with confidence. We have a strong organic growth outlook. We are strategically reinvesting in our existing assets while also pursuing new development opportunities. And we have both the intent and the financial strength to continue to return excess capital to shareholders. Thank you for joining us on the call today. And now, we'll take questions.
Operator: We have a question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. I just wanted to maybe start with the current market and operating environment. I think the last couple of months of GGR growth, we've seen a little bit of a deceleration in the market overall, but obviously LVS is taking a material share and performing well. I was just wondering if you could give us your latest thoughts on both the operating environment, a little bit about that deceleration, and if I caught it correctly, I think at the tail end of the prepared remarks there was something about an acceleration or continued strong growth in the current quarter, and I just want to clarify that comment. Thank you very much.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hi, Shaun. It's Rob. I think the success of this quarter demonstrates material growth in all our segments in our business with the Macao rolling, mass, premium mass, slots, ETGs, rooms, retail, all showed material growth, and our EBITDA reflects $150 million year-on-year improvement. But the most important driver of this growth is premium mass, and on page 11 of the deck, you'll see our references to our win per unit per day in mass and premium mass tables. We're basically at $7,300 a day in mass and about $17,000 a day in premium mass. This strong growth comes – we think it comes from a non-Guangdong segment of our business and it bodes well for our future. We intend to emulate the success of The Venetian from a lodging and from a perspective of how we move forward and grow. The Venetian's renovated room and suite product has resulted in about 33% year-on-year EBITDA growth, mass table drop is up by about 32%, rolling volume up 44%, slot volume by about 20%, retail sales up 27%. This property just continues to accelerate and it's hitting on all cylinders. And this is the blueprint as we move forward in our CapEx, how we see the market for our company. The Parisian currently has about 30% of its rooms out of order. But by the end of this year, by the end of 2018, we'll have about 350 newly converted premium suites. The theoretical win of the ones we've been – we've finished thus far is four times what we're getting at the old rooms. So by year end, The Parisian is a whole different product. And again, the blueprint here goes back to our Venetian success. Same holds true with the Four Seasons and we've renovated and we've literally about 22% year-on-year growth, EBITDA growth. But, next year, we'll see the addition of 300 new suites of the Four Seasons which is going to be a material impact on the performance of that product. The SCC is showing growth, but when it comes to The Londoner, with newly converted suites at both The Londoner and St. Regis, we believe this property could go far beyond its current $700 million to $800 million run rate. It will feature 2,000 premium mass suites, and by far our greatest growth vehicle in the future. Let's address non-Guang [Guangdong] growth for a second on page 12. This is the penetration store we've been waiting for that will grow our EBITDA to $3 billion and beyond. The penetration beyond Guangdong province is critical to our growth and our ambitions. These people come to gamble. They stay longer at our hotel. They come to our arena for shows. They shop at our 850 retail stores. This is a lifestyle segment and the situation of these visitations of these affluent Chinese consumers, we think, is the future of the growth at our company. In summary, the long term demand is there, non-Guangdong penetration, younger premium mass demographic which consumes our lifestyle driven Integrated Resort product with retail, entertainment, dining, luxury. At the same time, we have a clear path to end at what we've achieved at The Venetian followed by at first – The Venetian this year, The Parisian, Four Seasons and lastly The Londoner. So we're extremely confident that we found the key to growing our business not just this year but beyond. And unlike '14, which will probably rival our '14 EBITDA this year, unlike '14, obviously the growth is based on a much more sustainable segment, that being mass, premium mass. So we're extremely confident of not just this quarter, next quarter, but next few years of meaningful growth of our properties, assuming the market continues to tick up like it is. We feel very bullish.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks for that Rob.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: 
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I could. I could.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for that, Rob. I appreciate it. Just the other update would be, you mentioned the importance of getting some of the new premium mass suites opened at both Four Seasons and I assume St. Regis as well. Just – I know there's been some scope changes you guys have been looking at there. What's the latest on timing for when we could expect or think about those opening?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: At this point we're working through the issues with our development team and we'll get back to you when we have a final date. But we feel good about the timing, we feel good about the scope. We've expanded some of the quality. Our main goal, as we move forward, is to get these right. If it comes in poorly done and poorly executed, it will reflect in the revenue. We've learned the hard way. But when you get things right, it does pay off, and if it takes more dollars to do it, we'll do that. So we'll come back to you with a finite number in terms of design schedule and timing, but we're not prepared today to talk about that.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure. Thank you, Shaun.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thanks, Shaun.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. How are you? Can you talk about the Singapore performance in the quarter? Mass trends look to have grown pretty strongly, but obviously VIP fell significantly. So can you just talk about what's driving that and how should we think about the future? Thanks.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure. As you see MBS stood about $368 million for the quarter. We ran – our business ran very well there with the exception you called out, the hotel ran about at s97% at $418, RevPAR of $405. Retail had I think its best quarter ever at $1,753 sales per square foot. And non-rolling slots, as you mentioned got to – non-rolling slots tables got to $4.8 million per day with margins hanging up in there in the low-60%s. And that is of course the main driver of our success. The weak link of the performance was the rolling segment and we have our lowest rolling volume in our history, under $6 billion. And we held about, in the range, 2.84% but down than last – from last quarter's 4.77%. We've always represented this is a highly concentrated quarter and this quarter there was no concentration. The business was soft and there's no denying it. We are working towards – looking at what we can do to improve that. Even with that weakness, this place still shows about $1.5 billion annualized run rate which is acceptable. The question is how can you drive more business in here, and the answer is twofold. We've got to keep ramping our premium mass business, which clearly is the real driver of the underlying EBITDA. And we gotta work harder to figure out how to get better quality play in from the rolling segment. It's – again, it's concentrated, it's confusing to us at times how it jumps up some quarters to $7, $8, $9 billion and then tumbles like this quarter. We're not happy with it. We plan to work at it. We're looking at our suite product. We need to renovate some suite product. The competition for that segment is strong regionally, Macao and Australia, et cetera. But we're not pleased with that rolling segment performance. We've got work to do and there's no other excuse and we've got to keep looking at how to improve it. And we still don't want to give up on it because the next thing you know we could have another $8 or $9 billion quarter this year. But, clearly, that's the weak link in the performance at MBS.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Very helpful. Thanks, Rob. And just as my follow-up, there's obviously been some new supply that opened up in Macao this year. How is it influencing the market and your position within the market?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I'm sorry, Tom, one more time I was looking at something, I'm sorry. One more time.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: The new supply in Macao, how is that impacting the market in your view and how is it impacting your share in the market? Thanks.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think it's positive, very positive when Macao gets new product. And I think the Morpheus tower, the Wynn, MGM, all these things are very positive for the market. We view Macao as a growing market, as a growth market. Those products make it, honestly, bulletproof to the rest of the region as it grows into a $40 billion, $50 billion CapEx there. It's an amazing place to watch – what started – I'm here 11 years ago with the sole Venetian product and that has morphed into this amazing visitation machine. Very honestly, it just benefits us. We think the new product helps us because with 13,000 rooms, we have the – the MICE business is ours, the entertainment business, we have the only arena of scale, we have the only place with 850 stores. The pure scale of what we have over there helps us when these guys bring new product to market. The competition is great. The quality of product is excellent. Our job is to, again, take our Venetian model to fuel our growth and emulate it. We do think, at the end of the day, it's a rooms-driven market. I kind of chuckle when people say a few years ago people say, oh it's a bloodbath, there's too many rooms. And now we're running at 94% across our portfolio. Our biggest problem is the team there wants more rooms, more quality rooms because we're sold out every weekend. So I believe that we are – everyone's going to win in Macao just those with the most capacity will win the most. So I think this quarter reflects the beginning of a good strong trend, the non-Guangdong visitation. And I think it's great that Cotai keeps bringing more products like Morpheus, like Wynn, like MGM, it just helps us bring more visitation which bodes very well for our company.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I want to point out that – this is Sheldon – I want to point out that this $1,753 per square foot sales in...
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: MBS.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: ...Marina Bay Sands in Singapore is probably the second highest – if you were in the United States, it would be the second highest. Beyond, I think, a couple of one or two shops, one or two malls in Florida. It may even be one of the top two or three highest. I want to point out that the reason for that is while all the malls in the United States are frequented by local visitors – they're not visitors but the local people, we are frequented by tourists. And the same thing is happening at malls in Macao, at the duty-free shops, the first level of the Four Seasons Mall is over $5,000 per square foot. On an average, I think, between the duty-free shops and the one or two additional floors, we're at close to $3,000 a foot sales. There's nothing like that in the world and it's nothing like our Integrated Resorts which acts as the anchors. If you think about it, we don't have any department store anchors and we won't have any because we don't need them. The Integrated Resort is the anchor.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thomas, what you mentioned Q3, I don't think we gave any indication of Q3 and we won't.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: All right. Thanks, Rob.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey thanks. Good afternoon. I guess just a follow up on Marina Bay Sands. Have you seen any change in the competitive environment specifically there within the market? And I guess has anything changed from a promotional intensity and how you think about that as a lever?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Not really. I think the market remains. We – I don't see competitive problems there as far as – Genting does a really good job in the market. But we continue to run our business as we see fit. Our concern is about ourselves with our product was getting the right kind of team out in the field to get the rolling segment we are missing. But we're very pleased with our $4.8 million a day. We couldn't be – Sheldon referenced the mall sales are extraordinary, hotel is sold out. If anything we lack in that market, Stephen, is more capacity. What's frustrating is we just need more – a lot more sleeping rooms and more gaming capacity. Slots there do terrific numbers, and it's hard to see that as a competitive problem. It's simply a problem of capacity. We have built a building that's always full. Retail's full, slots, ETGs – we actually have 80%, 90% occupancy at weekends. So, I don't think it's a competitive problem in terms of pressures from Genting. We just try to do a better job in our rolling segment.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Fair enough. And then maybe changing gears, I think last quarter you gave some good detail on Japan and now with the bill passing, can you just remind us of how you're planning and anticipating the process to unfold from here? And how you assess the opportunity, I guess, across various markets as well as how you're thinking about capital allocation in pursuit of that opportunity?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: So, Japan, as we all know passed finally and we're thrilled. And I think Sheldon has talked about the passing of a very, very important part of our – we'd love to be there as a third country along with Macao and Singapore. We don't have a timetable, we wait for the government to direct us as to how to go forward. We've had a presence there for over a decade and we're eager to be there. I think our plan is simple. We have the balance sheet. We have the reference point IRs in both Macao and Singapore that the Japanese government look to. We have the defining MICE space in Macao and Singapore. We have the defining entertainment activity in those places. So I think when you realize what we've done in Macao, I think Sheldon's reference to MBS is true, but also the buildings we built in Macao are pretty extraordinary too. I think, again, strategically what makes this company different is our balance sheet and Sheldon's ability to figure out what to build and where to build it. What he built in Macao remains the reference point for Asian IRs. He took up in the Cotai Strip and that's amazing achievement. I think they look at that, look at his MICE focus, look at his retail focus, look at his grand plan, I think that bodes well for our future development in Japan. We have the balance sheet. We have the reference sites. We sure have the appetite and we just want to get started. So we're hoping the government to move forward. We'll wait for their direction and adhere to their advices.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: What about our good looks and charm, Rob.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah we're getting old, so. You and I are the old dogs in the hunt here, so I don't think that's gonna get us there.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: What I'd like to point out is that we have – everybody says, local Japanese business people, banks, everybody says, we have the leading position in Japan because of my background. I used to produce Comdex show in Japan, and I also helped them to redesign the biggest exhibition center they have in Japan called Makuhari Messe. And when they went to build that in the 1980s, the Governor of Chiba, in which Makuhari is located, came to my office in Boston and I helped them redesign the center, the exhibition center. So I've got a good background and reputation in Japan for being the leading MICE Integrated Resort developer and operator. And I think that the estimates by people who know – say they know, whom we believe they know, say that we're in the number one pole position.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I guess one quick follow-up. Is there anything, I guess, as you're looking at the market that has changed that makes you reconsider either how much capital you would deploy or how you're thinking about returns in that market?
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We're not – as I've said before, we're not going to do anything that will – we don't intend to do anything that will bring returns down below 20% cash-on-cash. And we just don't know the details. The law was just passed last week. It consists of hundreds of pages. There's about 250 different items in the bill. And I think it's going to go down to the various prefectures before we know what can be done and when. And to get further clarification on several of the important things like the percentage of overall build space. They're saying 3% but there are a lot of variables that might be able to get us. I mean, we normally count front of the house and back of the house in our casino allocation or space. But over there, we will count only the front of the house. And, as we understand it, we won't have to count the aisles and the food and beverage space as part of the 3%. So it's a matter of how many gaming positions we put in and I think it's too early now. This implementation bill will take at least a year for any city that wants to be involved to come up with their requirements and their criteria.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Fair enough. Thanks so much. I'll jump back in the queue.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon, everybody.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hey, Joe.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Rob, what was interesting to me going through the earnings release and the supplemental presentation was when we look at your Macao results in mass and VIP compare it to your growth versus the growth of the market segment you meaningfully exceeded on the VIP side. And on the mass side, you're a little bit below the estimated mass segment growth. And I can understand the rationale of each of those but can you talk about sort of, from here, your efforts in growing the VIP business through the use of maybe underutilized junket rooms and maybe what the path is there.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then my second question is with respect to the mass growth, this quarter was maybe the first quarter where you didn't meaningfully exceed or maybe match the segment growth. And I get it, we probably have to sort of total up all the operators to get a really true segment number for the market. But from here, does it get more difficult to keep pace with the mass side of things just given your historical position in the mass and that's all for me. Thank you.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah. Joe, I'll take the second part first. I think just the opposite. I think our mass business is going to continue to do very, very well. We grew so quickly in the last few quarters. Our base grew so quickly that perhaps you're right we underperformed by a point or two. But we'll see that once all the numbers come out. I think we're built for growth far beyond anybody understands because of the products we have. As we complete these renovations, what we did at The Venetian, which now puts us on track to do $1.4 billion, maybe $1.5 billion next year, that's going to just keep like dominoes. You're going to see it at The Parisian next at the end of the year, boom. And you're going to see it hit the – the Four Seasons is going to become a very, very strong player. And then lastly you're going to see it at The Londoner, that conversion. So my belief is that this company, with 13,000 rooms, the dominant position in both rooms, retail, arena, it just has all the elements of growth. And as that non-Guangdong visitation continues, I think we're going to be a very strong player in the growth segment. I have total confidence and I should also throw in there, in case you missed it, we opened the first Apple flagship store outside United States last month. We're very proud, it sits outside of Cotai. We were with the people from Apple last month in Asia and they're delighted with the store and we sure are. We're hoping for more stores with the Apple people if they want to do more with us. We think that that store is going to become a traffic machine, great for our retail business, but not so bad for gaming. Again, I think these kinds of things, the Cotai Arena, the new Apple Store, the renovation of literally thousands of rooms and suites in over the next 18 months to 24 months, I think it redefines our growth and who we are. I am very optimistic that this non-Guangdong visitation which is we built this company for us to go beyond Hong Kong and Guangdong into the outer reaches, the outer provinces of China is the story. That's where the growth is. They're younger, but they gamble. They want all the amenities. They want the lifestyle we offer. And I think we're built for that kind of growth. And frankly, if you don't have the rooms on weekends, you can't get them. And they come over the border and they want quality product, they'll pay for it. They'll buy the retail products. They'll buy the shopping. They'll buy the dining. But that's the growth engine that we are – we're dependent upon. And if we execute our rooms suite product properly and get the right product in front of the consumer, we have total confidence. On the junket piece, I think, again it looks – it behooves us to look at the 44% year-on-year growth at The Venetian. What we did in The Venetian, we redefined some of the rooms there. We re-did our suite product, we worked with our junket partners and we're just doing some great numbers out of The Venetian. That we think happens at The Parisian. That's what happens at the SCC. It's happening, as we speak, at The Plaza. The only problem with The Plaza, we need more sleeping rooms of the quality we have currently and that comes on board with the completion of the Four Seasons. That Four Seasons, 300 suites, is going to really make us rethink the value of that asset at Plaza and Four Seasons. We're really excited. The junket business we need to do more. We keep redefining the physical structures in the rooms. We keep talking to our junket partners. We think there's a lot more growth ahead of us. And as you know, that relationship also spills over into our premium mass. So there is a relationship there that's undeniable in Macao and you have this strong junket, you have liquidity that fuels other segments. So you're seeing in our business this quarter that $750 and it hopefully gets to $800 and keeps growing is the beginning of, we think, a strong growth pattern with 13,000 sleeping rooms, the dominant retail position, the dominant entertainment position in Macao to fuel more growth in all segments. And we just started our work in junkets, it's just beginning. And we're at the early phases of adding more rooms and make the rooms nicer and more acceptable to our customers. So we are very bullish on our growth.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, Rob. And just a follow-up on the VIP segment. Do you think you're growing that segment or do you think it's more just a share shift?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Well, that's – I think we're growing that segment. I think when you see the kind of growth, we get the majority. Obviously, our business coming out of Cotai about 93% but you're running $18 billion portfolio wide and you're seeing, like Venetian by 44% growth, you're seeing The Plaza growing, you're seeing The Parisian. The Parisian is just handicapped by – these are better room product, it's going to get it, but even that product is growing. I think we're – I believe we are growing but that's hard to say adjusting everyone else's numbers but I feel that our products are getting better and our competitive position is getting stronger. And, again, I think our junket partners recognizing that, too. So – and don't forget we have a strong premium mass, premium direct business as well as the junket rolling, so we kind of hit them on two fronts.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, guys.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anil Daswani from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: Good afternoon, guys. My question is also along the lines of The Parisian. You mentioned in your remarks earlier that you're getting 4x the return from these new suites at The Parisian. Again, given the markets being driven by premium mass, would you consider doing even more conversions to these premium mass friendly rooms, whether it be at The Parisian or even at some of the other properties in The Londoner going forward? That's my first question.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: It's a really good question, a very fair question. The answer is, I would certainly talk to Mr. Adelson and our Board about that because if we can deliver our current returns we're seeing on the first hundred or so suites converted, why wouldn't you? I mean, the truth is, we've learned in Macao – a room – all rooms are not created equal. A better room product definitely speaks to the segments you want to speak to. So if we can get ourselves up to a couple of $3,000 a day versus $500, $600, why wouldn't you convert, and that's a good question and the answer is sure, why wouldn't you. We're here to make money and get margin and grow our business beyond $3 billion. And the way to get there is intelligent CapEx. We've demonstrated you our willingness. Our Board and Mr. Adelson have shown willing to write checks to improve our products. The Parisian opened up and it's a good hotel. It just has more premium mass demand and we have rooms to give it. So we got the 300 or 400 suites and that thing grows to $500-some-million-dollars and $600 million, gee, I would think we definitely think about more conversions, of course. But one thing I would mention to think about...
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: And my follow-up is, could you tell us a little bit about the opportunity to expand your room product in Singapore, because obviously that has been what's hurting the growth over there?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I'm sorry I missed that, Anil. I just want to say one thing just follow up on that, the one thing you should think about with The Parisian is it's going to benefit by its proximity to the conversion of the Four Seasons products going forward when we finish those 300 suites. So you can walk out of that Four Seasons product into The Four Seasons or The Plaza or you can walk into The Parisian, it may be that between the 300 there and the 350 at Parisian, we may have enough. But just to make that clear. Your second question was about MBS?
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: Yes. So at MBS, is there an opportunity to get more room product now that the moratorium is up in Singapore?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We can't, at this point, comment on that about, if it's an opportunity now. We like to believe there is at some point but we can't discuss that today. Clearly, we have maxed out the occupancy from a cash and comp demand. And, clearly, at $4.8 million a day, we have tremendous demand for that product, but it's not worth discussing at this point today. That's also true in a gaming capacity issue as well but nothing to discuss at this time.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Did you have another question?
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Operator, let's take one more question.
Operator: We have a question comes the line of Jared Shojaian from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hello?
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hello, anyone there?
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Operator...?
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Okay. So apparently, we don't have any more questions. We appreciate your time today. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.
Analysts: Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd. Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon my name is Litvaya and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time I'd like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, you may begin.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you. Joining me on the call today are Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Patrick Dumont, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release. We also want to share that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website for your use. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Also, Las Vegas Sands adopted the Financial Accounting Standards Boards Accounting Standard Codification 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers on January 1, 2018. As such all of our earnings materials reflect the adoption of ASC 606. Further information including the comparison of LVSC consolidated results as originally reported and as reported reflecting the new accounting standards is available in separate supplementary earnings slides on our website. Finally for those who would like to participate in the Q&A session, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up so we might allow everyone with interest to participate. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. This was a record breaking quarter and I am very pleased that we delivered such exceptional results in each and every one of our markets. Company-wide adjusted EBITDA reached an all-time record of $1.5 billion, an increase of 31% over the prior year. Our Macao operations generated adjusted EBITDA of a whopping $789 million, an increase of 26% over the prior year. We broke a number of quarterly records, the highest ever mass table gaming drop in revenue, the highest ever retail mall sales and the highest EBITDA margin since the third quarter of 2006. At the same time we achieved an all-time quarterly record in adjusted property EBITDA in both Singapore and Las Vegas. As I said last quarter, the G in my middle name stands for Gary but it also stands for growth and that is fully on display at present in each of our markets. The acceleration of Macao's mass market growth in the fourth quarter last year has continued into the first quarter. Non-Rolling drop grew by 21% over the prior year and Non-Rolling wins grew by 22% over the prior year. This strong mass revenue growth combined with cost efficiencies drove significant margin expansion. Our hold-normalized EBITDA margin grew a record 36.4% for the quarter representing a substantial increase of 350 basis points compared with the prior year. The structural drivers that enabled us to grow across all segments in Macao were on full display during the quarter. The scale and range of our hotel suite inventory, the diversity of our non-gaming offerings, especially in retail and entertainment and the unique benefit of interconnectivity between our Cotai properties. These advantages allow us to attract more overnight visitors than any other operator, as well as increase their length of stay. We achieved total hotel occupancy of 94% in the first quarter maintaining the record occupancy that we enjoyed in the fourth quarter of 2017. As a result, we grew by an exceptional 35% in premium mass when compared to the prior year .And our retail mall sales grew by 33% over the prior year with each of our four malls delivering strong growth. Our strategy to build Integrated Resorts with scale and diversity is differentiating and is visibly paying dividends, especially in Macao as visitation increases from outside Hong Kong and Guangdong province. In support of that, official government statistics this week reported total visitations to Macao from Mainland China excluding Guangdong province were up 18% year-on-year in the first quarter of 2018. These visitors are staying longer in Macao and spending more time enjoying the ever growing diversity and critical mass of both gaming and non-gaming attractions and amenities. The Venetian introduced large scale non-gaming amenities in Macao, retail malls, MICE, live entertainment and arenas, which came to be known as Macao's first Integrated Resort. These attractions are now very well established in Macao and will only grow in importance and contribution to Macao's diversification in the future. Our market leading property portfolio received 23.8 million visitors in the quarter, while Macao's total visitation was 8.5 million. It means we've got almost three visitations from each visitor. The strong appeal and power, the critical mass of hotel, dining, retail and entertainment and our property portfolio at the Cotai Strip is evident. This demonstrates the appeal of our properties as they receive multiple visits from tourists each trip. While much has been accomplished to-date in the transformation of Macao into Asia's premier business and leisure tourism destination, we will not rest on our laurels. We will continue to invest substantial capital into our portfolio across every segment of our businesses. In particular I am very excited by the way the design work for The Londoner is progressing. The Londoner will have a tremendous potential as a third landmark must see destination, complementing The Venetian and The Parisian. Our commitment to further reinvest in Macao is not limited to The Londoner. Many other significant capital projects are taking shape as we speak. The suite additions at Parisian, the renovation of our VIP gaming areas, a plethora of new and exciting F&B outlets and the full scale development of the two luxury hotel towers immediately adjacent to The Four Seasons and St. Regis properties, all of which will greatly bolster our growth prospects in the year ahead. We regard it as a privilege to contribute to Macao's success in realizing its objectives of diversifying its economy, supporting the growth of local businesses and providing meaningful career development opportunities for its citizens, including through our Sands Academy and reaching its full potential as Asia's leading business and leisure tourism destination. Now I'm going to move on to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. As mentioned earlier, we delivered an all-time record quarter at Marina Bay Sands with EBITDA of $551 million (sic) [$541 million] (9:18), an increase of 48% over the prior year. The quarter was marked by strong VIP and slot revenue growth. Normalized EBITDA margin increased by 490 basis points versus the prior year, reaching 58.7% for the first quarter, supported by solid cost control and successful collection of receivables. Our retail mall also continues to outperform the broader Singapore retail market with strong tenant sales growth of 14% over the prior year. We're proud that Marina Bay Sands stands as the ideal reference site for countries that are considering iconic, large-scale Integrated Resort developments. Turning to Las Vegas. We achieved an all-time record adjusted EBITDA of $141 million, an increase of 16% over the prior year. We achieved record hotel room revenues, underpinned by group room revenues and stronger backlog rates (10:35). So that's the summary of the quarter. Did I mention that growth was fully on display? Now let's move to another of my favorite subjects, the result of capital to shareholders. Yay dividends and yay buybacks. Our recurring dividend remains the cornerstone of our program to return excess capital to shareholders. Last October, the Las Vegas Sands board of directors approved an increase in our recurring dividend for the 2018 calendar year to $3 per share for the year, or $0.75 per quarter. We have increased our recurring dividend to our shareholders every year since we first established it in 2012. We remain deeply committed to our recurring dividend programs at both Las Vegas Sands and Sands China. And we look forward to increasing those recurring dividends in the future as our cash flows grow. We repurchased $75 million of stock during the quarter. We will continue to use share repurchases to return excess cash to shareholders in the future. Our industry-leading cash flows, geographic diversity and balance sheet strength enable us to continue our recurring dividend and stock repurchase programs, while retaining ample financial flexibility to reinvest in our existing properties and pursue new development opportunities. In conclusion, our cash flow generation continues to be strong and predictable. The structural advantage from our scale, critical mass and product diversity was on full display in our strong financial results. The robust growth in the mass market in Macao continued during the quarter and the secular growth in Chinese travel and wealth creation together with enhanced transportation infrastructure bode well for future growth. We will continue to make significant investments in Macao because we have a long term and unwavering commitment to Macao. We look to the future with confidence. We have a strong organic growth outlook. We are strategically reinvesting in our existing assets while also pursuing new development opportunities. And we have both the intent and the financial strength to continue to return excess capital to shareholders. Yea dividends, again. Thank you for joining us on the call today, now we will take questions.
Operator: Thank you. The first question is from Thomas Allen of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good afternoon, and congrats on the good results. So focusing on Macao I noticed that for your three larger properties there, RevPar in the quarter was up anywhere from 27% to 29%. Can you just kind of talk about the trends there, is that cash RevPar, is that stronger premium mass and then in the slides you talk about your strengthening VIP business, can you just touch on that a little bit more too? Thank you.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure. Thanks, Thomas. Just talk about our Macao business in general, and I'll answer your questions as well. The hotels are running about 94% occupancy and that's in a market that introduced 10,000 new sleeping rooms last three years. Just for commentary, our food and beverage sales exceeded $300 million annually, our 850 retail stores saw a 33% increase in sales and will soon grow about $0.5 billion a year contribution and our arena, which isn't spoke about much is, we carefully book with top stars from all over the world, this week Bruno Mars sells out numerous shows. Macao has become a full blown destination, has worked for China far beyond Guangdong and far beyond Hong Kong. The penetration into China is growing and growing and finding younger and more affluent customers who find Macao a compelling destination. As you know, the bridge opens up sometime this year and soon the entire Pacific Rim will be able to fly into Hong Kong and take a car to Macau, which makes it pretty extraordinary. As to your question, it's driven by both more gaming demand, higher demand from the gaming side but also higher cash demand. As you know, we run about 50/50 cash/comp, but the comp standard keeps rising as does the cash ADR. And the gaming portion of our business just keeps growing and is well balanced in all segments, whether it's Rolling or Non-Rolling, tables or slots, there's strong double-digit demand, which we believe is sustainable, and this is not 2013 or 2014 which is more rolling dependent. This is a mass of nongaming and gaming market. We're at the epicenter of this. If you look at page 11 in your deck, I think you'll see our strong mass table story. From both a base mass and premium mass perspective, it illustrates our growth and the power of this segment. So page 11 is worth a look as is page 15 which illustrates the growth of Macao's overall high-margin mass gaming segment, and that's the place we reside. And as Sheldon referenced, we'll keep aggressively investing in Macao. The Londoner is engaged and work begins later this year. We expect this property resemble The Venetian in terms of mass and premium feel from both a gaming, retail, and lodging perspective. Our Four Seasons St. Regis suite product will open in 2019 offering 600 additional suites. And one more point about our gaming business. Our junket capacity today is about 50% of where we want to be. By 2019 we could offer as many as 21 junket rooms as opposed to our current 11. And these rooms we fully renovate it with input from our partners with smoking rooms easy access. So we're fully committed to Macao. That's the market to be in. We're on a run rate of 3-plus billion dollars a year and growing, and I think the demand for rooms is insatiable. Hard to imagine, running 94-plus percent in a market that's grown so much capacity. It speaks so well to the penetration into China, it speaks well to the surging demand both from the gaming and nongaming perspective.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, Rob. This is my follow-up. Can we just touch on Singapore? You've had four quarters in a row now of high hold and you've shifted your theoretical hold in Macao. Would you think about doing that in Singapore? And then any update on your thinking around the mall sale? Thank you.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Look at page 40 in your deck, Thomas. That might be helpful to understand the change I'll refer (00:17:50) to the non-rolling chip drop at Marina Bay Sands. We have adjusted and we have changed the methodology, and perhaps that's illustrative of what we're trying to do there. It just keeps our business instinct across the globe.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sorry, Thomas, did you also inquire about changing the normalization percentage for Singapore?
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. On roll for Singapore and then another question was just on the mall sale potential. Thanks.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We're constantly looking at our table mix at our play historically and looking at the math behind achieving the correct theoretical volumes. So in doing that that was the review that we went into, and we actually revised the hold normalization range in Macao based on the volume of play and the historical averages. When we think about Marina Bay Sands, we're constantly evaluating it. So if you look at our hold percentage over time, you'll see that we typically are holding outside of that range. So it is something that we constantly look at, and when there is math to support that change, we'll definitely review it.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. And, yeah, on the mall sale.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think our answer to that is the same one that we had in prior quarter. I think it's the best retail asset in the world today. If you look at the growth that we've experienced just in the last quarter alone, you can see that sales per square foot for Marina Bay Sands on the trailing 12 months for the first quarter were above $1,700 a square foot. There are not many malls of that size globally that have that type of productivity. So from our standpoint, it's an unbelievable asset and one that has trophy status at the highest level. So from our standpoint, it should be very attractive to any potential investor. That being said, there's really nothing to talk about at this time, but eventually we hope to be able to achieve the cap rates the Chairman has alluded to in prior calls.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Joe Greff of JPMorgan. Your line is open. Hi, Joe, please check to see if your line is on mute.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon, everybody.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hey, Joe.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hey, Joe.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Obviously what stood out to us was the approximate 35% growth in premium mass in Macao. I guess, just trying to get a better understanding of the operating leverage there, I know you're still targeting segment profit margin in the 25% to 40% range. I'm presuming given that type of growth, you're at the high end of that range. I mean can you give us a sense of where you were in the 1Q? And again, to further better understand the operating leverage there, how do you think about that segment OpEx growth relative to the top line growth?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I missed the last part of your questions. Can you repeat the second portion – Joe, I'm sorry – about the leverage?
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Just to get a better sense of the operating leverage when you guys are experiencing this type of segment growth, I guess where were you in terms of segment margin for the 1Q? I'm presuming just where you ended up for the quarter, you're at the higher end of that 25% to 40%. And then maybe to complement that answer, where has that segment OpEx or where was the OpEx growth in the 1Q and then I have a follow-up on Singapore.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Okay. Obviously, the demand in that segment is growing and so is the leverage. It's not changed a whole lot in the last few quarters and pretty much consistent. But to your point, as the surging demand at the premium mass level is going to make more money (00:21:14) changing all that much against this. So leverage is growing, but more importantly demand is growing. And again what we are seeing is a lifestyle thing. We're getting people from further and further. You see the growth in non-Guangdong I think it's slide 13, which talks about the growth outside of Guangdong province. I believe that's – yeah, the growth of non-Guangdong has been hugely beneficial to us in filling our 13,000 rooms. And part of the reason why we're rethinking St. Regis Londoner, Four Seasons is because that's where the sweet spot is in that demand. That customer is valuable. More of them, they're coming further away. We believe that even increases further with the bridge later this year. So I don't know if it's going to grow a whole lot more as leverage, but there's a whole lot more demand and more top line and more value to those rooms than ever. And again it's the retail component, it's the better sleeping rooms, it's the arena. We have some great competitive structural advantages which enable us to grow and grow to hopefully 800 and beyond. Patrick, do you want to take a piece of it?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure. Hey, Joe. So, a couple of comments. I think a couple quarters ago, we reviewed some of our cost-cutting measures and call it cost offsetting measures in order to try to mitigate expanding cost as the business grew. And I think you can see some of the benefits of that. I have to hand it to the team there, did a great job. If you look at our margins, you can see the deck on page 10. Our hold normalized adjusted property EBITDA margin was 29.1%, which – excuse me, our EBITDA grew 29.1%. Our margin itself was 36.4%, excuse me. That's an incredibly strong flow through percentage, and we feel very confident that as revenues continue to grow, as the mass market is deeper and more developed in our property portfolio, we'll have the ability to continue that margin, potentially expand a little bit further. I'd like to point out that we did a nice job with our controllable expenses and managing those. There are obviously variable expenses related to gaming taxes and other things, but those are out of our control as play grows. But from a controllable expenses standpoint, we've worked very hard to ensure that those only grow at the minimum levels in order to support our customer base. And I think you can see that today in our margin and the expansion that we showed just across the year even on a normalized basis. So I think we're pretty happy with our margins. We feel there's some more opportunity there as we continue to get improved flow through from the mass market because it is such high margin, and we look forward to taking advantage of that as the market grows.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Joe, I think you know this from years looking at Macao. The story we told years ago is actually occurring rapidly. The deep penetration into Mainland China, the deep growth of this market in terms of premium mass, it makes the margin appreciation easier to get to. So I think it's going to keep getting better and better. As we see more top line, we'll deliver stronger and stronger margins, and it's a very encouraging story from our perspective.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. That's helpful. And then for Marina Bay Sands, you have on page 25 of the slide deck on a hold adjusted basis EBITDA grew 11% year-over-year. If you were to neutralize for FX and collections activity, what was that – I guess it was neutralized in both periods, what was that EBITDA growth?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think it came down to $420 million. The hold-normalized, I think we showed $420 million for the quarter. And as you can tell by the numbers, there is de-acceleration in the Rolling segment. It's disappointing that segment has slowed down quite a bit. We held very well. The other aspects of our business look strong. Patrick referenced the sales per square foot in the mall, the ADR, the lodging business holding up nicely, and our slots and ETGs, the Non-Rolling business decent at $4.7 million. But there's a slowdown at the top line in terms of the (00:25:01). That's a pretty soft quarter. We just played very lucky against that business and are hoping to see a return to a better day, but right now that's the soft spot in Singapore. The rest of the business looks pretty decent.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question will come from Stephen Grambling of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess as a follow up to your response to Joe's question just now on customers coming from outside Guangdong, how does the spend from that customer base compare to those coming from the existing regions? And as you think about the typical new customer spend trajectory, do you typically see a ramp in spend from those visiting for the first time?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Well, it's higher for a couple reasons. One is they come from further away and I think they are very lifestyle driven. What our teams describe to us is this acceleration of younger people who are very affluent, bring their families, want to stay as much as four nights. They want to see Bruno Mars or whoever the star is that weekend, they want to shop at the stores, they want to go to the spa and they bring families, and they like to gamble. It's quite a great combination. So they are not necessarily – they stay longer as they gamble more and they have more time to spend in our shops. It's a positive thing, but more positive is as you can see by that chart on page 13, the acceleration of demand outside of Guangdong is incredible. And I think when you start seeing the Pacific Rim property at the (00:26:33) airport and the transportation via bridges there, hopefully that process or that approach keeps getting better for us. We have 13,000, soon 13,600 sleeping rooms, pretty powerful products we have coupled with our 850 shops and our spas and our entertainment. So the answer is they spend more time, they spend more money, they're younger and there is more of them coming every day, and so very positive trend for Macao. I think our properties are built for this customer, and this customer is showing up in mass, and so we believe this quarter is – really I think this quarter redefines where Macao is going in our mind. It's becoming a very, very impressive place, a retail destination, a spa destination, an eating, lodging, lifestyle destination. We're very encouraged by the things we're seeing, our trends. Our team is very excited about what's happening to our business in Macao.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I guess one quick follow-up on that. I guess what kind of data are you able to collect on that customer now that you can potentially utilize in the future? Is it equivalent to the existing kind of database of customers?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Well, yeah, of course, we collect data the same way we've always collected data. We have extensive database, we have extensive information of customers because that's the nature of this business, isn't it. So, of course, we have extensive data on our customer, yes.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks. I'll jump back in the queue.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Not going to share that extensive data (00:28:01). Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Shaun Kelley of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. So my main question would just be to maybe follow up on Patrick's comments on operating expenses, but by our account, Macao looks like operating expenses were super well-controlled in the market for the quarter. The question is how sustainable is that as we move through the year and sort of what kind of level of trajectory of inflation should we sort of be considering or thinking about in those types of expenses?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Before Patrick, I'll just say I think it's going to – Shaun, obviously margins are driven by two different variables, but the top line is growing and the quality of customer is growing, and that makes margins easier to achieve. And I think our team has demonstrated an ability to deliver top line coupled with margin and great flow-through. I think it gets better. I don't think it's a question – just I hope it gets better, not de-accelerate. I think we have with our offerings and with our team's approach to this premium mass customer, if we get our junket business where I hope we can get it to, which couples up nicely with premium mass, I would think we'd see more top line business which would create more flow-through. So I don't think we have much risk of it de-accelerating. Patrick.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think the current environment should allow for what Rob just described. I think the team there has done a great job. I think the market itself is very favorable on the revenue side and we hope to see continued and further margin expansion in the upcoming quarters. Of course, there is no way to predict what will happen, but we feel very confident that we will be able to manage cost appropriately.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And just as my follow-up, Dan. I mean, Rob, you alluded to what's going on on the VIP side and that that's a target area for you guys. I think if I've got the slide decks correct then last quarter you saw roughly 4% growth in VIP. This quarter that jumped up to 20%, 21%. Can you talk a little bit about what initiatives you may have in place that already started to drive a little bit of that and then what you might have on the come?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah. Look, we're not happy with our VIP segment. We can do better. We want to do better. People think because we're so dominant in the slot business, ETG, not only table that we should see that segment growth. We're not going to do that at all. Just the opposite. We have spent a lot of capital, a lot of time with our partners to create we think are the best environments, most accessible, egress access, smoking friendly. In terms of 2019 January, our goal is to accelerate our VIP play because we think it's important both as a segment unto itself, but as you know, it offers crossover opportunities into premium mass. So we're very happy that we are investing large amounts of dollars and time in an approach that we think will grow our junket business and other segments as well. We're not finished. We want to be a much bigger player in that segment, and we've got some wonderful partners that we're listening to very carefully to grow that segment.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: That 17 illustrates where we're at, but again we hope we can get to a much better place.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks a lot.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Anil Daswani of Citi. Your line is open.
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: Okay, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. First of all, with all the new infrastructure that's coming online in Macao with the bridge as well as the new high-speed link to Lotus hopefully, do you guys see that as a driver more for the base mass business rather than the premium mass business? And do you believe that we could see a shift in the focus of the market to this base mass business that you guys are incredibly strong in?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah, we do. Very simply put, all new products in the market, be it the rail, be it the bridge, anything and everything that drives more base and more business in that market, we're hugely in support of and excited about. I think we've waited a long time. I think I was 28 when they started that bridge and I'm now almost 41. So it's been a long time. But we're damn excited about the bridge. It offers a whole new entrée into different segments. The real story in Macao, yes, it's Hong Kong, it's Guangdong. But the real growth potential resides outside of Guangdong. And you see it in that one slide. We've done that for years. It's really actually happening where the growth in those markets are extraordinary. I also believe the Rim can open up too. The Macao in the 40 years I've been going there, it's become a wonderful destination. The government has done extraordinary job, and we've invested billions of dollars to make it a place that is extraordinary. What's happening in Cotai is nothing short of an exemplary development of a property that has opened up wonderful IRRs to a bunch of people. So as the infrastructure completes the picture for both local and for foreign tourism, we're going to be at the epicenter and believe as that can drive more business, both base and premium mass. So, of course, we're both supportive and enthused about what's happening there. It can only be good for us. We're the biggest player in the market in terms of hotel rooms, lodging, retail, gaming capacity. We intend to be aggressive in trying to create more capacity there. So, sure it's a positive for us, of course.
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: Perfect. And as my follow-up, clearly Japan's hotting up again. Seems like everyone is expecting a bill to get tabled at some point at the end of this week even potentially. If you guys have the choice and you could pick between Yokohama or Osaka, which are the two favorite cities at this point of time for big urban centers. Can you suggest which one you'd prefer?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: (00:33:44).
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We're still assessing that.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We want them all.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: That's the better answer. We're still assessing that. They're both very good. In Yokohama, we've got like a bedroom community to Tokyo. Tokyo has got about 32 million people in Tokyo Metropolitan area, of which Yokohama is part, but Osaka is about 12 million to 14 million people.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: With 20 million if you go the outer line, the entire...
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We're still assessing that. The Yokohama location is right downtown and the Osaka location is the farthest island. Next stop is the other side of Tokyo Bay and after that next stop is Hawaii (00:34:57). And the location is much further away from downtown, so it's very difficult to say. First of all, we don't think that anything is going to happen. Appoint the operators, according to everything I read in all the clippings that we are number one in line. We've got the best chance of getting the first choice. So we've been lobbying for that location for better part of 10 years for Japan. And now it looks like it's coming to fruition. Maybe it'll by this Friday that they'll submit the IR bill, but then again, you hear other people say that it's postponed for a week or two. But something that I heard from somebody in Korea was a little more encouraging than what we've been hearing in the last year or two. They are thinking about making another location outside of Seoul, a Korean national's visitation casino in an Integrated Resort. We think we're also number one in that line. And Korea could be real. We're also looking at Brazil. I'm going down there in a couple or few weeks. Again, we've had people from there come up here. We're optimistic that in the near future, we should know more about getting at least one of those, either Korea, Japan or Brazil or hopefully more than one.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: So we're very enthused about Japan.
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: Thank you, guys.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Very enthused.
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: Yeah.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah. Thank you.
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Felicia Hendrix of Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, good afternoon.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hi.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, if we could just go back to Macao for a second. Obviously your results were outstanding. I'm just wondering if we could drill back on page 11 of your deck in the premium mass slide or part of the slide where it shows that the premium mass table win in the quarter was basically sequentially flat. So I was just wondering is there anything to read into that because obviously everything else is so strong?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think it's more about a hold percentage. As we're dropping the kind of volume we're doing, Felicia, these numbers are so extraordinary. I hate to – I've said this a few times. And the truth is a point here, a point there makes a big difference. So if you pick up a point Q-on-Q, we actually lost a point, a hold percentage; on the kind of volumes we're doing it's pretty extraordinary. So I can't do much about that. We play a point lucky. If we start talking $20 billion, $25 billion of a drop in a year, a point means a lot. It's like real money. And the story is we actually had a nice – we had that nice sequential growth in the quarter but we didn't hold as well, we dropped a point in hold, that's the whole story. I think our mass table business and our premium mass table business just continue to outperform even our expectations here in Las Vegas. So it's simply a hold percentage, we're up single-digit, about 6%, 7% I think Q-on-Q and up I think 21% year-on-year. So, factoring a point here in hold percentage, we held 22.7% versus 21.8% and therein lies the drop off.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's perfect, that's what I was looking for. Okay, and then just if we can switch gears to Las Vegas for a moment, just your properties in Las Vegas they generated some – it was moderate but some RevPAR growth in the quarter. But we were actually expecting you to be down given the tough comps. Wynn also reported growth yesterday as well within RevPAR. So just wondering, can you just talk about what you're seeing in Las Vegas? I mean there was a tough comp in the quarter, the market is still recovering, but it seems like it could be better than we expect?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Well, I think so. We did have a record quarter. $140 million EBITDA. I've been here since we opened, that's the best quarter in our history. So we're doing something very right. And the nice thing is it's not about hold percentage or luck, we held within the expected range, we had a strong MICE business, strong ADR coming out of FIT, incredible banquet demand, it was $70-plus million in the quarter of food and beverage. Gaming business was really strong. Great Chinese New Year's, great international play, we held normal, nothing exceptional. So, if you can make $140 million in Las Vegas in a quarter without doing something lucky, that's pretty exceptional results. We're very proud of the team, margins look good, future looks bright. And our outsized results will depend on not – historically we've always been a very good performer in the lodging segment and the food and beverage. Our variable I think there is contingent upon getting more international play in the door. We did it this quarter. We played fortunately within the range and, boom, $140 million quarter which is exemplary.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Would you attribute most of the growth to the international play and perhaps the domestic is more flattish? How would you look at the complexion of that?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah, that's fair to characterize. Our slot business was stellar. It remains strong and we're very happy with the margins and the topline. Our mass play, we have more work to do to get it to increase but that's the Las Vegas story across the board. It's not like Macao where you expect 20% and 30% growth. It's tougher here in Las Vegas. But international play, we need to get our – to show these kind of quarters successfully and sustainably, we need to get more international play and keep it. There was a time in our history, it was pretty commonplace. We fell off a bit and I think we're back to a better place. To deliver $150 million, $140 million, $130 million quarters, we're going to need a continued contribution of a drop from the table game side. But again, it was an exceptional hold, we're in the range with strong Asian play, strong Chinese New Year's coupled with amazing lodging results and strong F&B.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yep. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Carlo Santarelli of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, thanks everyone. Rob or Sheldon I think mentioned earlier in the call, talked a little bit about expansion of the VIP footprint in Macao. Could you just talk a little bit right now in terms of however you can categorize it, your mix between kind of your junket business relative to your direct in-house business and the plans for kind of the direct business going forward?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Carlo, I don't want to talk, break out our numbers. We have a strong business premium direct and as I referenced earlier, I want to get better at the junket side, we're very happy with our premium direct business. We want to grow our junket business as I referenced and Sheldon referenced, we're dedicating capital and more importantly we're dedicating manpower and brainpower to figure out how to do better in that segment. We should do better. And we want to drive more VIP, let's be very clear about that. So, we're spending a lot of money on rooms at the direction of our partners, making sure access egress is good, making sure smoking friendly in gaming for 2019 (42:50). I won't break out the numbers but I will tell you we're growing in the junket segment, we're double-digit growth year-on-year and sequentially growing. But I want to see more. I think we need more because that segment is growing again and we should be bigger participants. And as I referenced earlier, there's a spillover effect in the premium mass. There's a value there. So, we are very laser focused on getting better with that segment. We're very happy with the other segments. We want to be better in our junket partner segment.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And Rob if I may just ask a quick follow-up, you mentioned obviously that spillover effect, what does that stem from? Is there almost a crowding out of liquidity on the VIP side and as you mentioned earlier kind of constantly adjusting levels for hotel room comps. But does the same type of phenomenon happen within VIP or at least are you guys seeing that where you're starting to see some of your previously lower rung VIP players kind of be more or less pushed into the premium mass segment, which is obviously a good problem to have for you guys, but is that happening as you think about liquidity in the junket market today and junkets being a little bit more discerning about which customers they're taking in?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think you're absolutely right. They're more discerning. Their coffers are full of liquidity and so why not be balanced and why not enable our – people want to be a junket customer, go to the junket side; you want to be a premium direct, go that side. What we're seeing though, again our hotel rooms are getting more and more demand from further and further away. Those people tend to be less junket sensitive and more into the premium direct side, whereas Guangdong tends to be more junket preference. But it's not my job to tell people where to gamble, what to do. I just want to make sure they have access to capital and that we have access to sleeping rooms and junket rooms they want to play in. So, again, we're a equal opportunity gaming house. We want to give all kinds of opportunity to our customers to go to the place they want to gamble. We're happy wherever they gamble but you know and I know, liquidity is there, growth is there, and they're darn good partners to have. So, we're very happy to work with them.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Briggs - IR Sheldon Adelson - Chairman & CEO Robert Goldstein - President & COO Patrick Dumont - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Barry Jonathan - Bank of America Anil Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Securities Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities Robin Farley - UBS Securities
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jesse and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. I would now turn the call over to Mr. Daniel Briggs.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you. Joining me on the call today are Sheldon Adelson, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Patrick Dumont, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release. We also want to point out that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the Q&A session, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question so we might allow everyone with interest to participate. Please note, that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please turn the call over to our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson.
Sheldon Adelson: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. Our company delivered another great quarter and I'm very pleased that we ended 2017 with such strong financial results. Company-wide adjusted EBITDA reached $1.34 billion, an increase of 20% over the prior year driven by outstanding growth in Macao and Singapore. This has given me a hint that I should change my middle initial meaning Gary to growth as I've done before; so it's now Sheldon Growth Adelson. Our Macao operations produced its best quarter since quarter three 2014 with adjusted EBITDA reaching $731 million. Hold-normalized EBITDA came in at $758 million representing growth of 30% over the prior year. Macao's mass market growth accelerated during the quarter from 9% in quarter three to an estimated 18% in quarter four. We again outperformed the market in mass gaming growth as we have throughout 2017. Our non-rolling table grew by 18% over the prior year while our non-rolling win grew by 27%; this outperformed it's mass revenue growth rate throughout significant margin expansion. Our whole normalized EBITDA margin reached 35.1% through the quarter, an increase of 320 basis points compared with the prior year. The structural advantages that enabled us to drive mass non-gaming growth were fully evident during the quarter. The scale and range of our hotel suite inventory, the diversity of our non-gaming offering, especially in retail and entertainment and the unique benefit of inter-connectivity between our Cotai properties. These advantages allow us to attract more overnight visitors than any other operator, as well as increase their length of stay. As a result, we grew by an exceptional 52% in premiums mass when compared to the prior year. We achieved hotel occupancy of 94% in the fourth quarter despite having added approximately 3,000 rooms to our inventory just over a year ago with the opening in The Parisian. At over 1 million occupier room nights in the fourth quarter, this was an on-time quarterly record for our Macao hotels. Our MICE business has gone from strength to strength growing by 44% year-on-year to just under 290,000 room nights in 2017. Our strategy to build integrated results with scale and diversity is clearly paying dividends as Macao's mass and tourism growth accelerates. The opening of the Venetian Macao 10 years ago marked the first step in my vision to create the Cotai Strip. The Venetian introduced large scale, non-gaming amenities to Macao such as retail malls, MICE, live entertainment and arenas. These attractions are now well established in Macao and will continue to flourish and grow. I cannot be more proud of the fact that today after receiving more than 290 million visitors, The Venetian Macao stands as the most visited integrated resort in Asia, if not the world. We have also successfully established The Parisian Macao as a new landmark must see destination resort. The Parisian Macao achieved EBITDA of $412 million in its first 12-year of operation and welcomed over 15 million visitors to the property. The rapid development of digital and social media marketing in China has been instrumental in establishing The Parisian Macao with its iconic Eiffel Tower as a marquee attraction for Chinese travellers visiting Macao. The brand recognition we have generated for The Parisian Macao on these platforms has simply been incredible with over 5.2 billion impressions as of December 31. The addition of The Parisian to our Cotai Strip portfolio has taken our critical mass and diversity of offering to another level. The Parisian together with The Venetian, Four Seasons, and Sands Cotai Central, all interconnected, is the only MICE space integrated resort complex of this scale. I'm truly grateful to the Macao government and the local community for their great support over the years in enabling us to implement this vision and strategy. It is in that same spirit of deep commitment to Macao's future development that we announced last October that we would be reinvesting over $1.1 billion over the next two years in expanding, renovating and reframing Sands Cotai Central into the Londoner, as well as adding approximately 650 in [ph] hotel rooms by completing the two towers at the Four Seasons in the same bridges. The Londoner have tremendous potential as the third landmark must-see destination. The scale of the current SCC assets are unmatched in Macao, including over 6,000 hotel keys, a 400,000-square-foot retail mall, a 1,700-seat theater and over 300,000 square feet of developed MICE space. The Londoner renovation and expansion will completely re-envision the property, developing another 1.7 million square feet of space, expanding and enhancing all our offerings, hotel suites, retail mall, F&B, entertainment, and MICE. The fourth quarter results at SCC demonstrate the earnings power of this building with quarterly EBITDA above the target [ph] anchored by its strong position in premium end segment and a scaling range of hotel suite inventory. But the full potential this property in care doing to every segment of the market is yet to be realized and that is why it's exciting for us to embark on The Londoner project. Upon its completion, The Londoner will accommodate more overnight guests than The Venetian and The Parisian combined. The Londoner will offer great potential for visitation and growth as a stand-alone integrated resort, but will also provide synergies with The Venetian Macao and The Parisian. Having three iconic must-see European-themed destination resorts with a broad range of amenities will strengthen our marketing and customer service capabilities and position us to grow faster than the Macao market in every segment on both, the top line and the bottom line in the years ahead. Sands China is a company rooted in Macao and we will continue to strongly support the community. Following the pledge of 65 million MOP by Sands China and the Adelson Family Foundation to assist with the rebuilding efforts and the aftermath of Typhoon Hato we are working hard to provide financial assistance to the individuals, institutions and charities that have been significantly influencing. This long-term support of Macao will continue in the coming months and years. At the same time, we remain as committed as ever to playing the pioneering role in Macao's transformation into Asia's leading business and leisure tourism destination. Our decision to reinvest and develop The Londoner Macao reflects at long-term commitment to Macao and our confidence in its future. We regard it as a privilege to contribute to Macao's success in realizing its objectives of diversifying its economy, supporting the growth of local businesses and providing meaningful career development opportunities for its citizens, including through our Sands Academy, and reaching its full potential as Asia's leading business and leisure tourism destination. Now, moving on to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. We deliver another excellent quarter at Marina Bay Sands with EBITDA of $456 million, an increase of 25% over the prior year. The quarter was marked by a strong VIP and slot revenue growth. Normalized EBITDA margins increased by 190 basis points versus the prior year reaching 52.5% for the fourth quarter supported by solid cost controls and efficiency gains. Our retail mall also continues to outperform the broader Singapore retail market with strong tenant sales growth of 10% year-on-year in 2017. It is worth noting that for 2017 the total operating profit from our malls in Singapore and Macao exceeded $570 million. 2017 was a record year for Marina Bay Sands and adjusted property EBITDA when measured in Singapore dollars. Because of its business in leisure tourism deals and strong positive impact on the local economy, Marina Bay Sands continues to serve as a powerful reference site to emerging jurisdictions that are considering large-scale integrated resort developments. Now let's move on to my favorite subject, the return of capital to shareholders, yay dividends and yay buybacks. Our recurring dividend remains the cornerstone of our program to return capital to shareholders. Last October the Las Vegas Sands Board of Directors approved an increase in our recurring dividend for the 2018 calendar year to $3 per share for the year, or $0.75 per quarter. After establishing our recurring dividend program in 2012, this marks the sixth consecutive year that we have increased our recurring dividends to our shareholders. We remain deeply committed to our recurring dividend program to both, Las Vegas Sands and Sands China, and we look forward to increasing those recurring dividends in the future as our cash flows grow. At the same time, we will remain opportunistic in returning excess capital via share repurchase program. We repurchased $75 million of stock during the quarter, we look forward to continuing to utilize the stock repurchase program to return excess capital to shareholders and to enhance long-term shareholder returns in the future. Our leverage or debt-to-EBITDA ratio remains low at 2.0 times on a gross basis and only 1.5 times on a net basis. My view of our leverage levels has not changed. We're comfortable with a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of between 2.0 times and 3.0 times on a gross basis, before any additional debt related to development opportunities in new markets. In conclusion, our cash flow generation continues to be strong and predictable. The structural advantage from our scale, critical mass and product diversity remains evident in our strong financial results. The resurgence of growth in the Macao market has continued during the quarter with mass market growth accelerating. It feels like we have now returned to 2014 and the period prior to that. I'm very excited about the growth that we're experiencing in Macao. We have grown faster than the market in mass, in both the fourth quarter and in 2017 as a whole. We will continue to make significant investments in Macao because we have a long-term and unwavering commitment to Macao. The substantial redevelopment of Sands Cotai Central into The Londoner Macao will add a third iconic must-see destination to our Cotai Strip development. The full scale utilization of the [indiscernible] and hotel towers comes in an opportune time as we look to take advantage of the structural growth in Macao in coming years and stay ahead of the competition in terms of the quality and scale of our product and amenities. We look to the future with confidence. We have a strong organic growth outlook, we are strategically reinvesting in our existing assets while also pursuing new development opportunities and we have both, the intent and the financial strength to continue to return excess capital to shareholders. Thank you for joining us on the call today. And now, we'll take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix: Rob, maybe we could just talk about Parisian for a moment and I did want to thank you for the really nice detail on the deck on that, it was helpful. So at The Parisian, it looks like last quarter may have been an anomaly on the VIP side, so just want to talk about that relative last quarter, this quarter, and how we should think about VIP at the property and what might have changed?
Robert Goldstein: I'm not sure if anomaly is much of a very, very strong quarter; we've always cautioning of that this concentrated levels of play sometimes, be at Singapore, Macao. And clearly, The Parisian has some very, very strong play last quarter. I think The Parisian has captured the most important segment of all of the base mass, however the room product we build at The Parisian just isn't sufficient to meet the premium as demand and that will change with the addition of 300 more suites that come onboard in 2018. In addition, the Four Seasons apartments will be available to us for use in -- sometime in probably Q2 of '19. So I think with those 300 more suites and the 300 or 400 of the Four Seasons, you will see a much stronger premium mass customer at The Parisian. We have the demand, frankly, we don't have the room price to satisfy demand. In addition, we should keep knowing that depreciation was down 600 rooms this quarter, so it suffered bit there. I think it's early days in The Parisian's evolution, I believe we'll get much stronger. It also issued a note that The Parisian performance this quarter was pretty extraordinary and that's a direct result of a 1,000 keys back on board, premium mass keys that drove most of that play. So I think you will see a light kind result at The Parisian wants to get the product right. We built a very, very nice hotel, very attractive hotel, a great demand hotel, I'm not sure we built the right room for us to satisfy the demand we created. With this incredible double-digit growth we're seeing in Macao, it matches perfectly with our massive footprint; our lodging, gaming, retail footprint. And even though with the market leader in mass as you know, we still outperformed the market by 25%. Our mass, table and slot revenue grew by over $300 million year-on-year but we think that's as much as 40%, 45% of the mass growth in the entire market. And to show the reference, to see numbers of that magnitude you have to go back to '14, we did a $1.5 billion roughly in mass table in slot in this quarter; it's pretty extraordinary numbers. I'm convinced The Parisian will participate just like SCC and Venetian once it has the appropriate room product matching up with its mass and mass appeal. So yes, on the terms that we had more concentration of rolling play last quarter but yes, we believe long-term Parisian is a very strong product; it's just early days [ph].
Felicia Hendrix: And then just switching gears to Singapore; Rob, you've highlighted previously that VIP -- the volumes could be volatile there. So I was just wondering if the decline year-over-year there was just due to the normal ebbs and flows in your business or anything else? And then also on the mass side, you did better than what we were looking for in the quarter but the volumes were also lower year-over-year as well so I was just wondering if you could comment on that?
Robert Goldstein: I have two thoughts on Singapore; one is we're extremely pleased with the results this year, $1.07 billion is pretty extraordinary result. Yet, I would caution -- realize that Singapore has -- is not growing on the rolling side, in fact it declined a bit. And as we've mentioned [indiscernible], it's highly concentrated and continues to rely on two small segment of customers to drive it. So we're not seeing growth in that segment, we are seeing extraordinary management, I'm really pleased the team over there -- they did an excellent job of drawing cost, commissions, everything across the Board to create these big numbers that came out of MBS this year. I'd also agree with you that we're not seeing growth in the mass segment, it's hovering around 4.4, 4.5, 4.6 for the last eight quarters and I'm disappointed we haven't seen more growth at Singapore. I don't know why I would say otherwise until the future, I don't see why there would be any catalyst in the near future to drive that. Singapore is a wonderful success story but at this point it's just a very large producer of EBITDA without growth prospects in the near future. So we would applaud management's efforts this year to create $1.07 billion, it could be a lot less and yet I'm hoping we'd see growth to make it easier in the future to create some more growth, be it rolling or non-rolling. Your points are appreciated and I agree with.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling: On the Sands Cotai Central, renovation of the Londoner, I mean this -- maybe it's an adhoc, but what are the factors to mitigate any kind of disruption there and any sense for how you can quantify the potential impact or compare it to other types of renovations?
Robert Goldstein: I can't really tell you what the impact would be, I do believe there will be disruption, that would be forced to think otherwise; it won't happen in the '18 until the very, very end of the year. We'll close down the Holiday Inn product late in the year, probably November/December. The next 10 months you won't see any disruption whatsoever and I would also just highlight it as the number is coming SEC -- $200 million plus this quarter are just terrific and it shows the power of that room product but imagine we can marry that product to a base mass demand and a retail demand and get that product upto Venetian type numbers and I believe we can exceed a $1 billion and more when we get to The Londoner. Disruption is very hard to quantify, I would say to positive side we have two different casinos there, we can move business back and forth. The St. Regis will be under construction in the rear and will not be as -- it won't be an operating hotel, it's just a show at this point. So that will be less disruptive, Londoner will be more disruptive, the transition from the Holiday Inn to Londoner. There will be some pain along the way, I have a hard time Steven giving you a number because I don't know that number, it's never been done in this size and scale, it's truly a herculean task but I think the net result in '20 is going to be very, very helpful to the company. We see great things at Macao this quarter, our run rate [indiscernible] normalizes pretty astounding and the market just seems like it has great, great win behind it. And so while we think this is a great transition for us to achieve, it will be disruptive in '19; I don't want to quantify because I simply can't.
Stephen Grambling: And then maybe changing gears a little bit; there has been the Macao Hong Kong bridge is seemingly always been in process. Are the things that you are doing as you think about the potential opening coming up in the next 12 to 18 months; hopefully what are the things that you can do to try to position yourself? A benefit from that, how do you think about how that will benefit the market?
Robert Goldstein: I think we have to wait and have confidence the government will deliver us the bridge sometime in this year and it will take…
Sheldon Adelson: They're saying it will be done in the first half of this year.
Robert Goldstein: No, I think we'll just wait and see. I mean, I'm not sure we can do a lot but wait and see how the connectivity; how we can best -- obviously it benefits the entire market, we're excited to see it happen but it's hard at this point to make a concrete observation that we would do as a company. I think as an industry, we're waiting and hoping that thing can really deliver some fresh products and fresh customers and be a real value add, we've all been [indiscernible] for a long time; it's a major achievement for the government to achieve it and get it done and we as operators wait patiently to see how it works.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Barry Jonathan: This is Barry Jonathan for Shaun. For Macao, I was just wondering if you can give any color on what you think drove the 52% growth in premium mass in Q4? Is this just more volume of players, lower players stepping up or just generally quality of players driving it? Thanks.
Robert Goldstein: I think it's all of the above, I think it's a lot more players, I think it's larger people -- bank rolls perhaps, higher visitation. I also think as a company it's underappreciated how valuable these assets are. They are coming from further away, they are younger, I think more fluent. There is a new generation we're seeing and especially in the plause [ph] and even the new Venetian suites; I think we're experiencing a really strong growth period that is further filled outside Guangdong. The visitation outside Guangdong is growing and to us as the guys own 13,000 sleeping rooms it's pretty good. We're seeing huge demand, hotel rates have spiked, occupancy has spiked, our entertainment offerings have just been extraordinarily well received, we can't -- we can't get enough shows in there, just keep adding more of better shows to the mix and the reception has been phenomenal. So our growth is tied very simply to -- it's coming from further away, we've got the sleeping rooms to accommodate it, it's mass and premium mass, it's -- every weekend it's mid-week, we're seeing numbers mid-week that you see weekend successes. We're seeing dropping numbers that are just simply off the chart, a year ago couldn't comprehend these kind of numbers we saw in the last three or four months, it's very exciting and it's full force and December was even stronger than November and October. So we're hoping this continues to charge forward and I think our biggest advantage is this massive footprint of 13,000 rooms [ph], primarily in Cotai, the growth is in Cotai, that's our major footprint obviously. It's entertainment driven, it's mass -- premium mass driven, as coming outside Guangdong or which is honestly falls into -- that's the reason we're growing so quickly. You know, $300 million of growth in one quarter year-on-year on mass is pretty extraordinary for any company.
Barry Jonathan: And then just a quick one on Vegas; I'm wondering if you have a view on other operators starting to invest again in the Vegas market. I know in the past you've talked about maybe converting the condo tower to 1,000 hotel rooms or so. And while we're talking Vegas, any update on the arena JV with MSG? Thanks.
Robert Goldstein: Yes, the arena JV with MSG is live and well, construction will start this summer, it's going to be quite an arena, we'll have a public [indiscernible] are coming out here to present publicly, I think it's going to be in March -- is it February or March; I'm not sure of the date yet but you're going to see something is pretty spectacular. I know our neighbors across the street, the wind guys [ph] have seen it and it looks extraordinary, it's a great building, it's just great but what Jim [ph] build is extraordinary. So we're looking forward to construction commencing this summer, hope we're opening in 2020. As far as more building Las Vegas, why not, it's a great market, it's a great place to live and work, the growth is returning to Las Vegas, it's more of a lodging based market deserving the past. The Black Knights have done extraordinarily well, the hockey has been -- is just terrific, the football is coming, why not? Las Vegas has some great days ahead of it, so we're very much in favor of the market growing and if competitors want to invest dollars, so be it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anil Daswani from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Anil Daswani: Just another one actually on premium mass in Macao, clearly that's been outperforming the base mass business. Do you guys see that being the key driver in '18 and '19 as well and can you give us a flavor for how many rooms you guys are now comping in the premium mass segment and how that's compared over the last couple of quarters? In addition, once you guys open the St. Regis suites as well as the Four Seasons suites, do you see that comp ratio going up as you can put in some higher end premium mass players into your product?
Robert Goldstein: Well, there is no question that premium mass is where the money is being made, it's double -- it's 52% and base mass is double-digit, we're not complaining about solid double-digit growth in base but to your point the driver is premium mass unequivocally. As far as our approach this whole thing, we clearly are building this; think about this, we're going to add 650 keys using the Four Seasons of the St. Regis to sometime in '19, that will be built for the premium mass customer and those customers drive extraordinary amounts of business on buildings, we are extremely excited about what could be a surge in our business next year from that. There is no arguing that that's where the profitability is coming from, we still like our base mass, it's important to us, what's driving this market right now for us and for most of the operated tours is the premium mass customer. We're a 50-50 cash-comp mix right now in cash versus comp, I can't see a change in the whole loop [ph], I do think the greater lion share of the Four Season suites and the St. Regis will go to the premium mass customer, probably be a much more skewed to that base. I mean those rooms are built -- those products are built for that customer; as long as they perform the levels they are giving us now, we can keep growing our topline and the flow through is there, the extraordinary, why not. As you see our flow to this quarter, not just the top line growth but the flow through the margin has just been excellent and so that's the future of the business as we see it today.
Anil Daswani: And my follow-up would be, is there any update on monetizing the mall product in Singapore?
Patrick Dumont: So right now as you can look, the year-over-year sales number -- salesforce [ph] per square foot and Singapore is up 15%, it's the best mall in the world, it's exceeding everyone's expectations. As per performance we saw some talent remixing going on, we think we'll get more out of that asset in the years to come, we're very proud of it, it works incredibly well and demonstrates the power of the integrated resort. That being said, we have nothing to update anyone on the process, if anything happens we'll let you know but right now we're optimistic, we're hopeful that at some point that will come to fruition but at this time we're really just proud of the assets operating performance, how iconic it is, how well it fits in with the rest of the integrated resort and we'll let you know if we have anything to update you on. At this point, no comment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Greff with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Joseph Greff: Sheldon, you always say that one of your favorite topics is the return of capital; given the momentum in across the board and all of your markets in -- what we would characterize as limited CapEx over the next few years relative to your free cash flow generation; is there any appetite to assess capital return more than just once a year, i.e. few times a year or every quarter?
Patrick Dumont: The highest and best use of our capital is for our Chairman to make investments of high growth projects, so that's our primary focus. So if there is an opportunity in Japan or Korea, we hope that we can put our Chairman to work and have him develop something extraordinary like he does in every other market we're in. That being said, if we have excess capital, I think we've said all along that our dividend is our return to capital cornerstone and so we'll look to increase that prudently and sustainably in the future. And of course, the lever that we can pull to modulate our return to capital is our share repurchase program. So I think if you kind of look through that waterfall, that's how you should frame out any excess capital that we have and we'll go by that guidance, that's something that we talk about with the board very frequently, that's the discussion we'd have with our Chairman very frequently and I think that's how our company and shareholders ultimately will get comfortable. So I think that kind of the process you should have in your mind or framework you should have in your mind as you think about excess capital and what we look to do with it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli: I've always had the perception that that kind of premium mass and VIP were somewhat tethered at least from a cadence perspective, obviously premium mass as you mentioned in the slide is up 52% year-over-year where only chip volumes kind of slowed a little bit and we're up kind of mid-single-digits. First of all, could you talk a little bit about the decoupling of those two metrics? And then maybe, if you can, any specific industry drivers in terms of where you're seeing kind of that strength in the premium mass from Mainland China coming, is there any specific industries or sectors of the market that are really driving it?
Robert Goldstein: I think they call it second but parked first [ph], and that is, I don't think we can identify where it comes from in terms of the drivers industry or what business they come from. What we can tell you with certainty it comes outside Guangdong increasingly. What we like to see and we're seeing is more penetration in the other provinces, we're seeing fresh money, fresh customers, it's very encouraging to see younger people, we're seeing them packing our retail malls and go to CRE -- our shows and using our suite product and we're seeing lots of them. So I would think that is a very positive sign for us, and as that increases, again, that's one of our hidden advantages or not so hidden advantages. As far as the decoupling, I missed the part a bit to your point, what has happened because I agree with you that typically, historically these two segments were tied together at the hip; the premium mass grew like it's growing, you see junket grow much more. Now one of the theories I have and it's not substantiated is that perhaps we're seeing more and more younger people opt for direct play and not going through junket and they are opting not that the situation of rolling environment. We're seeing -- we of course have not been as strong as others which we were or not as strong as others in the rolling business with the junkets, we're trying very hard to increase our share, we want to be back in the industry average and we're working with the junket people as well as our physical product and to improve it. But clearly, this quarter has been decoupling of those two segments and I guess I would think this way that demand is still there to gamble but perhaps the demand is moving more towards direct non-rolling as opposed to rolling chip program tied to a junket operator, that's the only rational explanation I can give you. I think demand is still there and demand is there stronger than ever but perhaps it's moving away from the rolling segment into the non-rolling which obviously has some benefits on the margin flow through. And again, from our perspective it's more of them, we're seeing a lot of customers and we're seeing a lot of people outside Guangdong, and so our rooms are being used as special weekends and holidays but even mid-week, some of the non-rolling drop we're seeing is just extraordinary. And so that's as good an explanation I can give you, I don't know if I can give you more clarity on the decoupling but clearly, the number is evident it's there.
Carlo Santarelli: Thank you very much, that was really helpful. I appreciate it.
Sheldon Adelson: What I'd like to tell you is that Macao feels like it's going back to 2014 and prior to that. Nobody could tell you with certainty how much the VIP is going to grow in the forthcoming year, how much the mass is going to grow. The mass is comprised of additional people and Macao is getting additional people. I see on our Lays [ph] accounts every day; on some we can set holiday, we get as many as 400,000 people in one day coming into our properties, that's quite a bit, 400,000 people. So I see Macao growing like it did before and we're going to take advantage of that. Spending the money in The Londoner is for the purpose of reframing the property and bringing the same number of people to Sands Cotai Central, soon to be called The Londoner. You know, you asked before and Rob answered that it's going to be a major disruption; I disagree with that, I don't think it's going to be any major disruption any more than any other property that's [indiscernible]. So we have the equivalent of two properties, two individual properties on that side of the road, we call it slots 5 and 6. For now we would have one lot, one thing. Here we've got two lots together and we still don't have a team for a say [ph]. I don't see any reason for this to be any more disruptive than any other renovation of any other property hotel anywhere. So as a matter of fact, there is -- there will be two major entrances; one for the first two buildings and one for the last two buildings. So it's not as though the entire property is going to be worked on at onetime on one day and all the entrances will be closed, we'll be doing it in sections where we'll have the least disruption. So I disagree with the fact that it's going to be a major disruption.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David [ph] with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: I just wanted to ask one detail and as I look across at the progress of The Parisian, I'm just trying to think through what the EBITDA margin, opportunity or aspirational level could be based on looking at some of the other properties in Cotai which are -- have managed to get up into the 30s. And last quarter was particularly high and this was a little bit lower, and if you could just color that in a bit that would be helpful. Thank you.
Robert Goldstein: I think we should be clear that we have a lot of belief in The Parisian, it is 30% or 30.6% in Q3 '17 margin, it's 29.3% this quarter, normalized. But I think the whole story isn't margin, we're missing an important part -- the growth in Macao this quarter, our growth and the markets growth is tethered to premium mass, we're not getting our fair share, it's simple; we have demand like crazy that have property walked in it, it's chalked for, our people want to stay there, they are disappointed in their own product, we need more premium suites to address it. That product comes, we went back and redid these suites, they are very, very -- they are [indiscernible], we're very pleased with the end result, it's a various [indiscernible] and customers are going to love it. If it comes onboard first in Chinese New Year's and throughout the year, I think it's really simple, The Parisian is more topline to get to the 150, 160, 170 because I want to see at $500 million to $600 million building is going to be there, the question is it's got to be reflective of the market; the market as we've talked about for most, the call David is tied to this mass of tsunami of revenue coming out from premium mass. We saw The Four Seasons, we're seeing at The Venetian, The Venetian numbers are just terrific and we're making $0.5 billion a quarter top line at The Venetian in these base mass and premium mass markets, we saw this quarter at Sands Cotai Central. There is no way not to see The Parisian getting there but every market, customers dictate where they want to spend their money, it dictate where they want to be; they want to be at The Parisian, they want to sleep for example at The Four Seasons right now because the room price is better, you can see that The Four Seasons is taking off and they've got this $75 million this quarter normalized, it's now being a plus $300 million building. Once we fix the room price, both inside The Parisian and honestly, The Four Seasons suites are the hidden opportunity for us. If you get 600 or 700 suites between the two of those buildings adjacent to The Parisian you're going to see a big uplift in The Parisian and I think you will see it in The Four Seasons. The Four Seasons and The Parisian almost work in tandem, you think about it; one's with a mass, very attractive product, one's a very high end product, you throw in 650 or so premium mass suites, you're going to see some very, very good numbers out there. I don't want to make you feel disappointed that we haven't gotten there but we are disappointed we haven't gotten there. We need to fix the product and get where we can get to. This product can be every bit strong as we're seeing at the other buildings that have the right mix of room. And the SCC results this quarter reflect a very strong room product with no base play, that's what I wonder is going to happen. The Venetian shows the product with all cylinders hitting, great mass play, premium mass play, even great broad [ph] play; and we're 1,000 rooms of The Venetian, it's becoming a worldclass product again, could get to 1.4, 1.5, we think there is a lot of room left. If this march continues to grow double-digit premium mass, we're at a whole new place [ph], a whole new place to make money, pretty exciting times for us.
Patrick Dumont: One other quick comment. If you remember, a couple of quarters ago we talked about the expenses we took out of the business and the rationalization that we did in order to make it more efficient so that when we did receive revenue growth there would be leverage against that revenue. I think you've seen that in Sands Cotai Central, the margin change there in this quarter. One thing to note as Rob referenced, the rooms that are offline and are being modified or being changed to address the customer that's very high value and very high margin; so the segment differential there and the value that customer will be seeing, eventually you will see better flow-through in The Parisian when those rooms open up, and just as you did in Sands Cotai Central, just you've seen the strong margins that you get at The Venetian. So system-wide we're very happy with our expense base, as we said in the prior quarters you will start to see some margin expansion as revenues grow, we believe that will continue.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS. Your line is open.
Robin Farley: I wonder if you could just sort of speculate out loud a little bit on why you think the VIP volumes aren't growing in Singapore, just given the improvement we've seen from other VIP play at Macao, just why that's not happening in Singapore?
Patrick Dumont: Rob and I will take my best shot at this. First of all, we've always said it's concentrated to not thousands but hundreds of players. I also think that Singapore is somewhat a victim of -- you've got some competition in the region, I think the Philippines have grown a lot, Thailand has been renovated nicely, I think you've got -- Macao is going to be a very, very important destination for people coming out of Korea and even Japan, much more -- I think it's much easier to go to Macao than Singapore for all the premium mass Chinese play. I had to point to those examples, as well as you know, we've had some -- we had to be very careful, we cannot remarket Indonesia, that's becoming increasingly more difficult and so we're very cautious, we run our business that way; we take no risks with marketing, we take no risks with collections, we take no risks we think are unnecessary. You're right, I think the growth in Macao is driven by premium mass Chinese business out of Mainland China but I think it is opting very, very nice resorts in Macao that are attracting a lot of attention, so it's also easier to do business in Macao in terms of credit, money movement, etcetera. So I think we're the victim of a very strong Macao market and increasingly strong competitive market, be it the highlands, be it Philippines, etcetera. We're not far from giving up, I mean the property made $1.7 billion is not too bad and as you know, it might be a concern is not enrolling but in the premium mass and they are non-rolling because that's where most of our proper resides and most of our margins are 60 plus, that's more concerning and that's a mix that comes out of this decline in Singaporean [indiscernible] but also decline in other markets around this. So as much as we've focused on rolling, I think the non-rolling is more disturbed and we can't grow that number beyond 4.5, 4.6 for the last 7 or 8 quarters. We're going to keep at it, we've got a very good team on the ground there, we'll keep looking at cost but obviously we'll love to see some top flying growth and that's the best indications or best thoughts I can give you on the growth prospects for Singapore.
Sheldon Adelson: We're going to press more in the Pacific room countries in Korea and Japan to come to Singapore. I'm very excited about Singapore reaching the highest quarter that we've had of the year since we opened it in 2010. So I can't say that we're sorry, that we achieved the record, I'm very happy we achieved the record and I'm not apologizing for it.
Robin Farley: I was going to also ask just switching to Macao for a moment, whether your reinvestment there; do you think that will lead to maybe greater table allocation in 2018 or 2019 above what you've received already?
Robert Goldstein: We never talk about that because it's beyond our control. As you know, we align the government to make decisions for us and have no comment or table allocations or what we might expect in future.
Robin Farley: I'm just curious about your convention mix for the full year in Vegas was versus the prior year if you happen to have that -- your convention mix as a percent of room nights?
Robert Goldstein: I can't tell you the mix but I can tell you we had the best room nights we ever had and I mentioned we broke 800,000 room nights in Vegas. We're seeing a bigger opportunity for '18. I know there has been talk about the Vegas market, we think it's strong, we think convention business looks very strong, there are some concern about international business because of the October tragedy but we've experienced a pretty good quarter here at 92% or so, we feel good about '18, we feel very good about our convention or a nice demand is accelerated and the bigger part of our mix. So if you guys have those numbers -- we have the actual number to split for you. This is 30% on the group business for Q4 against 39% for the FIT [ph]. But I think the real keyword business here is, we're always a group house, we'll always will be a group house, we have complete confident in the group market in '18. Again, we hear some talk to the international business going off but we feel very good about Las Vegas, the tragedy made for some very difficult moments around here and great concern but the market has bounced back and it appears to be going pretty strong at this point.
Sheldon Adelson: We have the strongest MICE facility in the world, no integrated resort, no hotel has small MICE business than we do, that arises from my experience and the experience of our staff having been involved in the tradeshow business but as far back as 45 -- give or take 45 years. So somebody just builds a new convention center few years ago and says in the newspaper, we're copying Adelson; you can't get that kind of experience. When I was in Japan a few months ago, one of the officials from the city of Osaka said, I remember you back in the early 80s you helped to design Makahari Mass [ph], now that's almost 40 years ago. Makahari Mass [ph] is the biggest exhibition and convention center in all of Japan and the governor of -- because [indiscernible] -- the Governor of Chiba [ph] that was adjacent to Tokyo in the way to Norida airport saw what I did with the conducts and he said, he sent his entire staff and he came as well to my office in Boston and we redesigned that convention center. So somebody who builds a convention center today isn't going to have the experience and the know-how how to deal with the people. We are -- we earn in our Sands expo center here in Las Vegas. I think more money than any exhibition is called convention center in the United States and we've always earned money, right almost from year one. So nobody has -- that's why we're in the strong position when it comes to new destinations because there isn't a city in the world that doesn't want MICE space, that doesn't want MICE business. We're the experts in the MICE business, we know how to get it, if we get another location in the Pacific Rim, we'll have several locations surrounding the Pacific that could take shows that move from one city to another every year that we're in a better position to pick those shows up to be in our convention center. And I think I'm not the only one who feels that way because it's my background but the people -- the elected officials in various perspective new destinations, they also feel that same way.
Operator: And your last question comes from [indiscernible]. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: My question is -- I have two of them that focused on the development of The Londoner. First of all, Sheldon had talked about an incremental $1.7 million square feet, I'm assuming there are the suites comprised off reasonable chunk of that, are you developing any other space that doesn't exist today?
Sheldon Adelson: No. We are looking to the government to give us an okay to do that but I don't want to make any statement vis-à-vis how they've responded to us. We're taking, we're adding in the apartment side of the tower that's close to a million square feet of the St. Regis tower where we have about 300 apartments. And so that's a substantial part of that 1.7 million. We have warehoused one or two levels for more MICE space and that will open up more completed space and that will contribute another substantial portion of the 1.7 million. I can understand what you're thinking, we're not adding 1.7 million, we're converting unused space now from unused to used; so maybe we should have explained that a little better.
Robert Goldstein: Say the rig is 1 million square feet roughly, and that's a sheld hotel [ph], it's not been buildout but shelled. The 300,000 was our retail -- additional retail, there was also shelled but not built out, the same with the MICE, 400,000 more of MICE shelled, not built out. So it's a mammoth building, big footprint, a lot of which was never used.
Unidentified Analyst: And then just the other, the last question was; when you think about reframing the properties, what are the kind of iconic tourist sites -- are you planning to put out outfront to act as a tourist attraction?
Sheldon Adelson: The outside will be like the Big Bang [ph] and the Parliament building. We will have the tower bridge represented somewhere, we will have telephone booths that are all over London, we'll use them as ATMs; so we'll have the telephone booths as ATMs or vice versa, we'll have two level buses, we'll have the bear skin hats, a plenty, like the guards at the Beefitters [ph] at the Buckingham Palace and maybe we'll even have some horses in the -- and puck [ph] skin hats riding down the Cotai Strip. Look, I want to say that one thing, people won't talk a lot about it but we have 13,000 rooms interconnected. Can you imagine if that was in Las Vegas or any other location; I created that by creating the Cotai Strip and if you could see 13,000 rooms without going outside you could connect to all of the properties together without stepping outside the addition space. And it is nowhere else like that in the world we have a property of different priced rooms of different sized sleeping rooms and we have large and medium, maybe even small casinos; so there is a mixture of taste for everybody who wants to have a different experience. There is no other property in Macao that has done that, and people say we have a lot of tables. Yes, we have a lot of tables because when I built the properties with so many rooms and a common restaurants and entertainment and the arena; and so much for -- to attract so many people. Whoever gets 400,000 people in one day in their properties, never, no category, no good properties in the world has ever attracted that many people. So I'm very proud of the fact that we have an interconnected 13,000 rooms that covers from small to medium to large in every aspect; restaurants I never added them up but we probably have 100 or so places to eat which is not good for my belt size. So it's -- we have that large number of tables because we needed them when we built, and so we have them; not that we've got any extra, frankly, we've got fewer than anybody else or fewer at the same time. So I'm very proud of where we are in Macao and I'm very excited about the possibility that Macao can grow. You guys weren't sitting there like I was, standing on a hill, looking out over the swamp and the bay and saying to my wife and her colleague with me, I'm going to turn this bay and the swamp into Las Vegas. And everybody laughed and criticized me, Stanley [ph]. Stanley said he is going to fail, he will be in bankruptcy, he will never get the first place built, if he does get it built he will never get it open and I said and we created a confrontation. I said Stanley, if it's too hot, get out of the kitchen. I'm sorry to say he is not around as much so he could see that Cotai became the equivalent of what I said the Las Vegas Strip compared to downtown. Now there is something that is a big jolt in the arm that downtown is going to get when the bridge opens. It's said that it's going to open operational by the middle of this year, of course we've been hearing that for a couple of years but there is a lot of belief that it will open this year. That could change downtown dramatically, people who have approached us and they want to buy the Sands Macao, I don't want to sell it because I think that when the bridge opens it could be a different property, on the upside. So I'm very optimistic and I'm very confident about the growth of Macao. As I've said a couple of times today, it feels like 2014 and earlier.
Operator: There are no more questions at this time.
Sheldon Adelson: If that's the case, I want to thank everybody for calling in today and I'll consider this earnings call adjourned.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.
Analysts: Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd. Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good day everyone. My name is Amanda and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Daniel Briggs.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thanks, Amanda, and thank you for joining us on the call today. Joining me on the call today are Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Patrick Dumont, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release. We also want to inform you that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website for your use. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the Q&A session, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question so we might allow everyone with interest to participate. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please introduce our chairman, Sheldon Adelson.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon and we want to thank you for joining us today. Our company delivered another huge quarter and I'm very pleased with the strong financial results. Company-wide adjusted EBITDA reached $1.21 billion, an increase of 6% over the prior year and an increase of 10% in a hold-normalized basis. And I don't know what the percentage is over the consensus number but it's over. Our Macao operations produced its best quarter since quarter four 2014 with adjusted EBITDA reaching $652 million. Hold-normalized EBITDA grew by 11% year-on-year and we significantly outperformed the market in both rolling and non-rolling volumes growth. We delivered strong growth metrics across every segment of the business both gaming and non-gaming. During the quarter, we grew rolling volumes by 48%, that is whopping; non-rolling revenues by 19%; mass gaming revenue by 13%; occupied room mass by 24% and retail sales by 18%. It was a good quarter. Overall, property visitations were up 26% over the prior year. At the same time, we have successfully established The Parisian Macao as a new landmark must-see destination resort. The Parisian Macao achieved a quarterly EBITDA of $135 million and I am pleased to report that it has now met our targeted 20% annualized rate of return within just one year of opening. That was good too. During the quarter, we reached a major milestone, the 10th anniversary of The Venetian Macao. When it opened in August 2007, The Venetian stood alone on Cotai. Its opening marked the first step in my vision to create the Cotai Strip. The Venetian introduced large scale, non-gaming amenities to Macao such as retail malls, MICE, live entertainment and arena. These attractions are now well established in Macao and will continue to flourish and grow. I cannot be more proud of the fact that today after receiving more than 280 million visitors, The Venetian Macao stands as the most visited integrated resort in Asia, if not in the world. The addition of The Parisian to our Cotai Strip portfolio takes our critical mass and diversity of offering to another level. The Parisian together with The Venetian, Four Seasons, and Sands Cotai Central, all interconnected, is the only MICE space integrated resort complex of this scale. I'm truly grateful to the Macao government and the local community for their great support over the years in enabling us to implement this vision and strategy. I was absolutely committed then and I remain as deeply committed today to continuing to support Macao's economic diversification and its transformation into Asia's leading business and leisure tourism destination. It is in that same spirit of deep commitment to Macao's future development that we announced today that we will be reinvesting in excess of $1 billion in Macao over the next several years, primarily till the complete renovation and the expansion of the Sands Cotai Central property. We will also strategically increase our high-end suite accommodation with a full scale development of the St. Regis and Four Seasons apartment hotel towers. I'll say much more about these investment projects in a few moments. I've always said that in this competitive market, we would build themed integrated resorts. This has worked especially well in the Macao market with The Venetian and The Parisian. The connectivity between our Cotai Strip resorts gives us another unique competitive advantage. The rapid development in digital and social media marketing in China has been instrumental in establishing The Parisian Macao with its iconic Eiffel Tower as a cornerstone attraction for Chinese travelers visiting Macao. The brand recognition we have generated for The Parisian Macao on these platforms has simply been incredible, yes incredible, with over 4.3 billion, 4.3 billion, that's a lot, impressions as of September 30. With The Parisian's early success and momentum now clearly established, the time is right for us to create another landmark attraction on the Cotai Strip. I'm excited to announce today that we will create a third European destination by expanding, renovating and re-theming Sands Cotai Central into The Londoner. The Londoner will have tremendous potential as a third landmark must-see destination. The scale of the current SCC assets are unmatched in Macao, including over 6,000 hotel keys, a 400,000-square-foot retail mall, a 1,700-seat theater and over 300,000 square feet of developed MICE space. The Londoner renovation and expansion will completely re-envision the property, developing another 1.7 million square feet of space, expanding and enhancing all our offerings, hotel suites, retail mall, F&B, entertainment, and MICE. Upon its completion, The Londoner will accommodate more overnight guests than The Venetian and The Parisian combined. The Londoner will offer great potential for visitation and growth as a stand-alone integrated resort, but will also provide synergies with The Venetian Macao and The Parisian. Having three iconic must-see European-themed destination resorts with a broad range of amenities will strengthen our marketing and customer service capabilities and position us to grow faster than the Macao market in every segment on both the top line and the bottom line in the years ahead. As part of The Londoner project, we intend to fully develop the St. Regis apartment hotel tower, introducing 350 luxurious St. Regis Tower Suites. Year-to-date, our premium mass segment has grown by 28% over the prior year. Given the structural growth we foresee in this segment over the medium and long term, we will seize this opportunity by augmenting our inventory of high-end suites. In the process, we will also stay ahead of our competition on Cotai. The St. Regis Tower Suites will cater to every segment of the luxury travel market, including families, and will complement The Londoner's offerings which will directly target the mass, leisure and MICE markets. Our strategy to again boost our investment in Macao is testimony to our unwavering belief in the secular growth trend in China. We are laser-focused on being competitive across multiple segments by offering unique attractions and enhancing our current offerings to take full advantage of the growth in this dynamic market. I am confident that these projects will provide strategic benefits for our company and we look forward to updating you with more specifics as we reach critical milestones. There is also a tremendous potential to upgrade and expand The Plaza/Four Seasons property. We are therefore excited to announce today that we will build out the suite inventory in the Four Seasons apartment hotel tower. And we'll open a new tower at the property, the Four Seasons Tower Suites. These 295 spacious and luxurious suites will nearly double our lodging capacity at the Four Seasons. Given its central location and easy connectivity to all of our Cotai properties, the conversion of the Four Seasons apartment hotel to the Four Seasons Tower Suites will not only enhance our ability to grow patronage at the Four Seasons/Plaza property but will also support patron growth at The Venetian, The Parisian, and eventually, The Londoner. These three products will significantly bolster our strategic position and competitiveness across multiple segments. Both the St. Regis Tower Suites and the Four Seasons Tower Suites will directly appeal to longer-staying families visiting Macao, a valuable customer group that will expand greatly in the years ahead. At the same time, both the time to market and incremental return on capital for these projects should be much more favorable than a standalone greenfield project. We look forward to updating you on our progress across these important strategic developments. I also want to take this opportunity to express our sympathy for all those who were affected by Typhoon Hato in late August. This was the most severe typhoon in Macao in more than 50 years. Our deepest sympathies go to the families who lost loved ones during the typhoon. The damage this typhoon inflicted on the community was serious and widespread. I'm very proud of the efforts made by the Sands China team to take care of our customers and employees during this tragic event and its immediate aftermath. As well as the aid our team members supported to the local community in the days and weeks following the typhoon. As I announced at the end of August, Sands China and the Adelson Family Foundation have pledged MOP 65 million to assist with longer-term relief and rebuilding efforts in Macao. Providing financial resources in support of those efforts is a commitment that Sands China and the Adelson Family are proud to make. Sands China is a company rooted in Macao and we will continue to strongly support the community. Moreover, we remain as committed as ever to playing the pioneering role in Macao's transformation into Asia's leading business and leisure tourism destination. Our decision to reinvest and develop The Londoner Macao, the St. Regis Tower Suites and the Four Seasons Tower Suites reflects that long-term commitment to Macao and our confidence in its future. We regard it as a privilege to contribute to Macao's success in realizing its objectives of diversifying its economy, supporting the growth of local businesses and providing meaningful career development opportunities for its citizens, including through our Sands Academy, and reaching its full potential as Asia's leading business and leisure tourism destination. Back in Las Vegas, I would like to extend my deepest sympathy to the victims of the recent tragedy at (15:31). While we are extremely saddened by this tragedy and share in the grief of all those affected, Las Vegas is a very resilient place. We have every confidence that this town will bounce back as it is already doing today and will make a full recovery. Vegas is strong. We are very proud of the massive outpouring of support from within our community and around the world to the people impacted by this horrible event. Our team members have exhibited tremendous support to those affected and we are proud of the concerted efforts and the efforts of the entire community. Now, moving on to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. We did another excellent quarter at Marina Bay Sands with EBITDA of $442 million, an increase of 13% over the prior year. The quarter was marked by a particularly strong performance in the VIP gaming segment where rolling volumes grew by 30% year-over-year, our retail mall also continues to outperform the broader Singapore retail market with strong tenant sales growth of 8% over the prior year. Normalized EBITDA margin increased by more than 4 percentage points versus the prior year reaching 54.4% for the third quarter supported by solid revenue growth and cost control. At the same time, Marina Bay Sands continues to serve as a powerful reference site to emerging jurisdictions that are considering large-scale integrated resort developments. Our pioneering track record, unmatched development experience, financial strength puts us in the pole position to take advantage of new development opportunities on the horizon. Remember my middle initial, G. doesn't stand for Gary that my parents named me, it stands for growth. Now let's move on to my favorite subject. The return of capital to shareholders, yay dividends and yay buybacks. Our recurring dividend program remains the cornerstone of our program to return capital to shareholders. I'm pleased to announce that the Las Vegas Sands board of directors has approved an increase in our recurring dividend for the 2018 calendar year to $3 per share for the year, or $0.75 per quarter. After establishing our recurring dividend program in 2012, with the dividend per share of $1, this marks the sixth consecutive year that we've increased our recurring dividend to our shareholders. We remain deeply committed to our recurring dividend program to both Las Vegas Sands and Sands China. And we look forward to increasing those recurring dividends in the future as our cash flows grow. At the same time, we will remain opportunistic in returning excess capital via a share repurchase program. We repurchased $75 million of stock during the quarter and we look forward to continuing to utilize the stock buyback program to return excess capital to shareholders and to enhance long-term shareholder returns in the future. Our industry-leading cash flows, geographic diversity and balance sheet strength enable us to continue our recurring dividend and stock repurchase programs, while retaining ample financial flexibility to reinvest in our existing properties and pursue new development opportunities. Our debt-to-EBITDA leverage ratio remains low at 2.1 times on a gross basis and only, only 1.6 times on a net basis. My view of our leverage levels is that we are comfortable with a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of between 2.0 times and 3.0 times on a gross basis, before any additional debt related to development opportunities in new markets. As our EBITDA and cash flows grow, our leverage will naturally decline over time. In conclusion, our cash flow generation continues to be strong and predictable. The structural advantage from our scale, critical mass and product diversity remains evident in our strong financial results. The resurgence of growth in the Macao market has continued during the quarter. And we have grown faster than the market in both VIP and mass volume. We will continue to make significant investments in Macao because we have a long-term and unwavering commitment to Macao. The substantial capital that we will deploy to redevelop Sands Cotai Central into The Londoner Macao will add a third iconic must-see destination to our Cotai Strip development. The full scale development of the Four Seasons and St. Regis apartment hotel towers comes at a strategically opportune time. As we look to take advantage of the structural growth in Macao in coming years and stay ahead of the competition in terms of the quality and scale of our product and amenities. We look at the future with confidence. We have a strong organic growth outlook. We're in a great position to continue reinvesting in our existing assets and to pursue new development opportunities. And we have both the intent and the financial strength to continue to return excess capital to shareholders. Thank you for joining us on the call today. And now, we'll take questions.
Operator: And our first question is from the line of Stephen Grambling of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Could you just talk a little bit more about the expected returns from the renovations and work you're doing at Sands Cotai and Four Seasons and how those returns might compare to a new property for example? And then as a related follow-up, when will the renovations get started and how should we be thinking about any kind of near-term disruption? Thanks.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: First of all, we expect the return to be huge...
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Well, I think...
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: ... (23:19) nowadays. We are going to start the development and the renovation in the second quarter of 2018 and it will take about 18 to 24 months to complete. Am I saying that right?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: You're correct. And we also expect – I mean, the way we look at this building, Stephen, is it's a well-executed thematic building. Locational advantage will create opportunities to grow in all segments, but especially from our perspective the mass segment, the gaming side as well as the retail segment. The SCC has performed very well in the premium mass segment because of the 6,000 sleeping rooms, but we think underperforms the base mass segment where the highest margins reside, and its location is particularly advantaged to being between the new MGM building and the Wynn building across from The Venetian; 6,000 sleeping rooms, great location. It's always been somewhat ambiguous from my perspective as far as the non-themed approach. We think it coincides nicely with our Parisian success and of course the landmark building, The Venetian. Think about a building that right now runs about half of the rents that The Venetian is running in the retail. We think we can bring those rents up to a Venetian type level. We believe we can grow base gaming. There's adequate capacity in that building for more gaming on the base mass side, obviously, the highest margin business in Macao and that's our particular advantage at both The Venetian and The Parisian. So, we're highly confident that this renovation can take us to a whole new level at Sands Cotai Central and it's something we're very excited about. We spend a lot of time researching, thinking about it. It's been in the works for quite a while, and it's time to go into action. So, as Sheldon referenced, sometime late 2019, it should be open and ready for business and start performing.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: So, it will be open and ready for business during the period of time.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: It will be.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Only some of the rooms that are going to be renovated and the rooms that are completed will be put to immediate use.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Correct. There will be disruption. We can't deny that. That's a fact of life in any building this large, and it's an ambitious renovation. It won't speak to – it's more about the casino, the façade, and some of the sleeping rooms, but the majority of the sleeping rooms remain intact. We are very pleased with most in the St. Regis building, we'll take the new St. Regis suites and redo those, and we'll leave alone the Conrad and the Sheraton. We're going to redo the entire Holiday Inn facility and redo the façade of the building. And there'll be some unexpected surprises as part of the renovation.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's very good color.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think the way that we think about returns is that these are existing assets. So, it will be quicker to market. And they happen to be addressing our fastest growing segment, which is the premium mass segment. If you go to page 16 in the earnings deck that we provide, you'll see that that segment grew 17.7% year-over-year. So, we feel very confident in the long-term growth of premium mass. It's a very high value customer segment. We have a very deep database in this area. And we feel that these two buildings, once they become activated will speak directly to that segment in a very powerful way given the non-gaming amenities we have available adjacent to them and in those facilities. So, we think the returns will be very good.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. And maybe one unrelated follow-up. Just the rolling chip drop at The Parisian was much, much better sequentially year-over-year. I guess, is there anything unusual in that? Or how do you think about the right run rate for that property now that you're kind of lapping over the opening? Thanks.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Right. Well, first, we're very pleased The Parisian has proven to be wildly successful. This quarter, I think, validates our approach there, the themed approach. The façade is exemplary. It attracts 40,000 people a day into the building. And all segments seem to be attracted to this building. Our new suite product comes onboard starting with Chinese New Year's. So we'll keep growing that segment. The high roll, I guess, is a concentration of demand-driven, large volumes of business, and it shows the acceptance of this product by the market. Is it sustainable? We never comment what's going to happen tomorrow in terms of any one segment. We've seen how that works in the past. We will say the building is getting great response from all segments; mass, premium mass, base mass and obviously rolling. And we're delighted with the results and it's a very strong quarter. And we hope it continues.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks. Best of luck.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We don't hope it continues. We expect it to continue.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Oh, excuse me. My mistake.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: It is a mistake.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Okay. We expect it to.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good afternoon. Can you just give us some more granularity about the drivers of the strength in Singapore? Thanks.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure. First of all, I think, it's – the numbers speak for themselves. It's another exemplary quarter and another $1.6billion plus year it appears. I think our focus on the cost side has been very helpful in the commissions. We're very – I think, we've got a good approach there. The building is proving to be very, very resilient in terms as we keep dropping commissions, customers keep coming. And we'll keep doing that until they stop coming, so that's one positive. The other positive you see, the rolling volumes which are significant, and -but I would caution you again as we said in The Parisian call and we said in the past. These are concentrated segments and it does represent 10,000 customers or smaller than that. So I think in the end the only disappointing part about the MBS is the lack of growth in the non-rolling slot ETG segment kind of flattened out four or five a day. But I think it speaks to our team over there running this exemplary building that we've driven this kind of a EBITDA, out of a market that's not really growing that much. And frankly the hotel does well for $454, $446 ADR and 90%-plus occupancy strong and sustainable retail. But again, all cylinders are working there. The one which we had is the four or five a day. The one really big positive is larger rolling volumes and great commission structure against that rolling segment producing greater margin. So margin has crept up into the 30%s, and I think it speaks to what we've done over there to maximize that asset. So, that's my take on MBS.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And Rob, is this strength coming from Chinese players coming back or is it Greater ASEAN?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think, it comes from people in the region. I wouldn't necessarily characterize as Chinese driven. It's – we have a strong permanent resident base there with a strong base out of the surrounding countries. We do well in Indonesia. We do well in Malaysia. We do well out of Japan there, so it's a mix of business. I wouldn't identify China as the primary driver. In fact, if anything, we're seeing, it's stable in China but not necessarily growing significantly.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: And just to clarify on the comment Rob...
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Helpful.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: – made on the margin piece, he was talking about the VIP margins specifically being into the 30%s which is fantastic for the property overall, but we're effectively in the mid-50%s at this point.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you. Yeah. Correction, we did mid-30%s for the rolling segment, 54% or 55%in the whole building. So remember, that's a long way for it used to be, so I think again, our concentration on costs and commissions have paid off.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Helpful. Thank you.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and our next question is from the line of Shaun Kelley of Bank of America. And your line is open.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good afternoon. Maybe to go back to the expansion plans a little bit, just sort of kind of new investment here. Could you just walk us through your intentions around the hotel brands? Has that strategy worked or is your intention to terminate any of those or any of those kind of contractual relationships? And then on sort of in a similar vein, when we think about the disruption is there sort of a plan for how many hotel rooms there'll be out of service, maybe overall or be touched by the renovation so we can just kind of try and think about possible disruption in modeling that?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure. On the hotel side, we're not going to discuss which brands. At this point, the goal is to keep all the brands in play at SCC. There may be some changes and some rethinking how we do that, but the intention – we're very happy with the quality of brands we have there. There is a strong intention to re-façade the building. So when you drive by, we actually are going to Macau this evening, you drive by The Parisian, as you arrive there, it's always the most – it's visually stunning and same thing with The Venetian. It's very, very attractive to the eye and makes you want to go inside the building. We want to achieve that more at The Londoner, something with all the iconic architectural look and feel of Big Ben, et cetera, Parliament Building something which you would see visually from the street and feel very much willing to come in and explore in the building. Secondly – so it's both going to be a architectural treatment and a re-façade of some of the towers. Once you're in the building, again, very much a London-feel, London-style approach all kinds of opportunities to (32:39) to theme it. If you think about London, it's iconic in so many ways, the busses to the Beefeaters, and there's just so many opportunities there. Our team is having great fun playing with that, inside we think the casino experience to be much more iconic, much more thematic. As I said, the hotel was mostly remain untouched. We were happy with our, with our partners, they're happy, we're seeing there, and there may be some rethinking to the decor pieces. But for the most part it remains untouched and the goal is to be both in both sides of the street both facing the Cotai Strip and to the rear as well towards MGM and Wynn. So we want to make this place, a place where base mass gravitate to. We want to elevate our rents to look like more like The Venetian. We want to make a very themed retail experience. Our retail wizard, David Sylvester has made clear to us he thinks we can do a lot better in that building. We agree with him. So, it's meant to be both a base mass, a retail experience, but I also believe an energized exciting building will drive all kinds of other demand in the rolling segment and the premium mass segment as evidenced by what you saw this time at The Parisian this quarter. This Parisian building is attracting all kinds of people, I don't think any new building in Macao has done the kind of volumes and the kind of activity we're seeing in all segments from base mass, slot machines, rolling segment, across the board, Parisian is just showing some real strength and growing. And our new suite product comes on board. We want that kind of enthusiasm, that kind of visual experience from our Londoner, there will be disruption. We're not prepared to go into how much detail yet, because we're working through those issues with our architectural team, our design team. And there will be disruption, you can't re-theme the building, spend a lot of money without having some disruption. But I think the payoff pitch on this will be extraordinary for this company and real growth in a market we're very comfortable with. And we lead the market in every way in terms of EBITDA, in terms of what we've done there at division in Cotai. This is just another step forward in our Cotai plan. So, we're very enthused about it. We represent to you that we think it's going to be very, very impactful a few years down the road. There will be some disruption and we'll report back to you as we get further down the path in the renovation of the SCC into The Londoner.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks. And just maybe a follow-up which is really just a kind of a clarification, but the $1.1 billion total investment. That's fully inclusive of the build out of all the incremental hotel rooms, we know you obviously have a lot of that, at least the building is constructed [Technical Difficulty] (35:15) everything in the rooms, right?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah. The numbers that we show in our CapEx slide are inclusive. So, that's to complete the project and that's our anticipated timing of spend.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, everyone.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thanks, Shaun.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thanks, Shaun.
Operator: Thank you and our next question is from the line of Joe Greff of JPMorgan and your line is open.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon, guys. Just going through your earnings slide deck on slide 16, the base mass departmental profit margins, you took down 35% to 45% from 40% to 50%. I guess what's driving that?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: You want to take it?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think it's a combination of factors. Part of it has to do with rating of players and the fact that we have more rated play on the base mass floor than we've ever done before which is helpful, because it allows us to know our customers better and set them up for repeat visits. The problem is it's just not as profitable. So, as the market matures, as we get to know our customer base better in the base mass segment, we're going to have some margin change as they become rated. That's really the driver there. But it just means that as the volumes go through, as the market becomes more competitive, remember there are more people addressing the base mass segment in the Macao market today, we're going to do things to retain our customers and develop them and there's going to be some margin reinvestment required for that.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: It's a good long-term investment retaining customers and loyalty.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: And to add some historical color, you have to go back five or six years, you'll see a time when we had a 50% margin in base mass. Since the downturn in Macao, we've been pretty much right at 40%, close to 40%. Margins are steady in the base mass business right now, so we're right at the midpoint of that range today. And you know, they got a chance to go up over time as business matures.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great guys. Thank you. And then, I guess we'll find out at the end of earnings season what actually the mass segment grew in the 3Q, but your math in the slide deck in terms of the estimated mass growth is very similar to ours. To what extent do you think the level of deceleration in the mass and slot segments both here in October and at the end of the 3Q is a function of your lapping two new properties versus, there's something else going on with mass players or the mass segment in terms of their ability to access cash in the same way they could earlier in the year? Whether it's (37:47).
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah, Joe. Obviously, it's hard; we're not going to speak to October at all as its fourth quarter. But I think there's more competition, there's more people in that space, I think Galaxy has done a very good job. Look, everybody wants a piece of that business and they should. It's the highest margin, it's the most profitable part of our portfolio and something we – we want to be dominant in all segments, from base mass, premium mass, rolling, across the board. But as Patrick referenced in our rating situation, and as we see for the competition, there's some very good products out there which we're competing against. So we used to be alone in Cotai, we used to have the 100% share of that. That's changed. And I think that's going to continue to be an evolving process. Part of the reason we are so excited about The Londoner, is we can recover more of that business with The Londoner we haven't had. The Venetian has been our base mass product that's been all along the most important, the most successful part of our portfolio. We see very little of it at the Four Seasons Plaza, we saw a lot more of it come back to The Parisian and The Parisian taught us a lesson that we go back to the drawing board and say we want to be in all segments to be successful. So that's part of our planned strategy for The Londoner on a go-forward basis. Our goal is to be successful, dominant in all of the major segments including base mass, premium mass, rolling segment, all important to us. So a lot of competition, a lot more people competing for that customer, that segment's dollar.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Joe, the other thing we want to point out is, if you look at page 13 in the deck as well, you've got Mainland Chinese overnight visit which is a super important statistic. That's up over 15% when you look at the third quarter. So that's 3.23 million Chinese visitors, that's a record. And the other two data points we provide on page 13 are the average length of stay, which is going up because of the hotel inventory, as well as the mass win for customers. So, that's also going up. And this is a seasonal business too. And if you look at the mass win per customer on page 15, we've got an illustration for the last five years here. The second quarter to the third quarter, this is the least amount of degradation we've seen in the win per customer between the second and third quarters here as well. So, you've got a very nice premium mass business, more visitation, we don't have the bridge open yet. There's a lot of things to think to the future that give us a lot of confidence that the mass business is going to continue to grow at double-digit rates higher than the rates we're seeing today.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: And just to just to add to that, our mass drop, Joe, is up 19% year-on-year, our hotel room nights are up 24%. I think the key component as we see more visitations and (40:31), obviously, sleeping accommodations, we have all those keys in Macao and clearly that's driving that base mass into our buildings and will continue to.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you for the thoughts, guys.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I want to point out that you originally said that we were the only ones we had all of it. Now, others have come in to take it, but I think it's significant to point out that the entire market has grown.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: So, what we took in at the beginning when we were alone, we've increased...
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: The pie has grown.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: The pie has grown and we've got a bigger share of the pie.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: More people eating, but a much bigger pie.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Right.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Next? Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Anil Daswani of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: Hey. Good morning, guys. My question is about The Venetian. The Non-Rolling Chip win rate fell to 22.8%. That's the first time in six quarters that it's been below 25%. Was this a one-off and it's something that we should expect to be modeling to rebound in maybe the premium mass segment?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We hope so. You're right, absolutely. We fell 3% year-on-year in terms of that. The nice part of the story is that we had 500 keys off the market, premium mass keys, which are coming back on the market. The second nice thing is we actually grew the volume. We had material growth in – over double-digit growth in the mass segment coming out of that segment, which was very positive for us. It's unfortunate. If you actually applied the 2016 hold percentages to 2017 volumes, we would have had one hell of a quarter. But it doesn't work that way. So, you're absolutely right. We had a nice volume. The Venetian had nice growth. Consider the fact it had all those rooms off the market, it just had a stellar quarter, just unfortunately didn't hold like it did the year before. Still within the range, but 3 percentage points off on an awful lot of play. Can it return? You hope so. Historically, The Venetian has been a very strong hold percentage building. Can we predict 25%, 26% sustainable? We cannot. Can we hope it returns where it's been historically? We can. 22% is in the range, 25% is better. What's really good though is the volumes of Venetian continue to grow in that segment and I think that's a great sign for the future. We would spend some money in The Venetian rooms which we needed to. We're looking at some casino renovations. We're doing all the junket rooms (43:02) with our partners. Our partners are working with us on the design. And we're going to spend some time this next couple of days with them. We're very keen to see The Venetian get back to a higher run rate because it's just a great place to visit and, again, has that wonderful curbside appeal we want to emulate across the street at The Londoner.
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: Fantastic. As a follow-up, could you give us a progress report on the renovation program at both The Venetian, when do you expect the entire room product to be renovated, and also at The Parisian, you're going to upgrade some of those to a suite product, is there a time line yet as to when all that will be complete?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah. So, on The Parisian rooms, the renovation into the premium suite, it begins to come online Q2, actually, during Chinese New Year. I should say Q1. We'll see some of the suites come back. It continues throughout the entire year. It doesn't finish until the end of 2018. 600 keys becoming 300 suites. At The Venetian, it's the early 2018, so sometime around Q1 and that's 1,000 upgraded rooms, stellar rooms by the way that will compete very well with any product, very large Venetian-style suites, completely renovated bathrooms, all FF&E. And I think it puts The Venetian back in a very, very strong position for that premium mass customer.
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: Thank you.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Robin Farley of UBS and your line is open.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Two questions. One is, I know, Vegas is a smaller part of your EBITDA, but I wonder if you could just give us a sense about how occupancy has been trending over the last few weeks in terms of kind of rate of recovery or when you expect occupancy levels there may get back to kind of previous levels? And then my other question is Macao-related, which is, trying to think about that $1.1 billion, kind of how much of that is sort of maintenance CapEx versus – you're adding the 645 rooms and so obviously a lot of the cost is going to kind of the re-theming rather than adding new supply to your hotel base. So, can you give us a sense of how much is going to add the 645 hotel rooms as opposed to just kind of maybe more refreshing of existing product, if we think of it as kind of maintenance versus growth CapEx?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure. Well, I'll take the Las Vegas question, and ask Patrick to take the second question. Las Vegas is recovering. The group business had expressed some concerns about obviously the tragedy. The horrible truth is these events keep happening. We become a lot more resilient in the world to these tragedies. What used to be, 10, 15 years ago, would have altered the course for months and months, it seems like people now accept these horrible situations. And truth be told, we feel Vegas is recovering rather quickly. Anecdotally, we hear that across the town; we see it in our building. So, I hate to say it, but what a few weeks ago seemed like a – might be a real difficult event, the town appears to be bouncing back. The hockey game was filled the other night. Bookings are strong. Our place looks very busy. So, I think Las Vegas is recovering well and more – quicker than I would have imagined when it first happened. As for the CapEx issue, I think, we'll turn it to Patrick or Dan or both. Fellas?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: So, if you turn to page 22 on our earnings deck, you can actually see the split between what we consider maintenance capital and the investments in the projects that the Chairman described earlier regarding The Londoner at the St. Regis, completion of the tower suites and the completion of the Four Seasons tower suites. That's all there on page 22. So, actually, maintenance CapEx, we've been running in the $400 million context. We've always tried to show that it will be about $500 million. As you know, we like to reinvest in our buildings to make sure they're leading in terms of their design, in terms of their amenities, in terms of their offerings to our customers, in terms of their finish. And we're going to continue doing that to ensure that we can market to the best most profitable customers. That being said these projects do address the premium mass segment which is one that is a larger suite product. It's not our standard room, so these will be very impressive product, great renovation. So, in the – what was mentioned in the script, if you look on page 22, you can actually see the amount being spent for each of the renovation. So, the split between maintenance CapEx for the entire property portfolio in Macao, as well as each of the individual projects described is actually there.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: I see that the maintenance CapEx is not changing too much each year, so I guess I was thinking about maybe some of the rebranding to The Londoner, kind of the split between rebranding and actually adding to you – new hotel room.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Robin, the whole – everything that Rob has been describing about re-envisioning and Sheldon have been describing about re-envisioning, that's about $700 million of budget right now. The St. Regis Park Hotel is about $275 million of budget, and the Four Seasons is about $250 million of budget. The $275 million and the $250 million are a lot less than they would be if we're building brand new towers because these towers have existed for an extended period of time, so the core and shell has been there for a long time. And so, this is a small investment for hopefully a big impact in opportunity.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Robin, also we've referenced these – the Four Seasons apartments. I mean, these things will be almost 290 residential field type apartments that can be deployed for The Parisian premium mass, for the Four Seasons premium mass or for the Venetian. So, I think, they would be very impactful for that customer who plays large, wants a family stay, wants to bring his children, et cetera. I think that building is very well situated. It's been dormant, it's going to be reactivated, and I think, it would be very powerful as far as an EBITDA generators down the road. It's expensive, but it's well worth the investment. So, along with the St. Regis, The Londoner, it's a big part of our CapEx plan for 2018 and 2019.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thank you. Just in Macao, I was just wondering if we could talk about how to think about flow-through in the near term? So, in your second quarter, you grew EBITDA margin sequentially 80 basis points adjusting for hold in this quarter. Seasonally, you tend to grow EBITDA margin. Sequentially, you're just flat to slightly down adjusted for hold. So, in our quick calculations, it shows it might be mix, so I'm wondering if it's mix or is there something else.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah. I think – well, you're absolutely right. Our portfolio is strong across all segments. Our Q3 premium mass grew 18% year-on-year and that's five consecutive quarters of year-on-year growth. Our premium mass drop increased 30% year-on-year and is impacted again by lower than average hold. Our rolling segment at 48%, it was extraordinary year-on-year. But as you know, the margin is partially dictated by the segment mix and each segment's contribution from the mix. In this quarter, we experienced strong rolling volume, up 48% year-on-year for the portfolio. However, the flow-through in this segment as you know is much less than base mass or premium mass. While we're very pleased with rolling volumes, but profitability will always reside for us in the mass, premium mass and we have to have the highest margins in Macao as a result. But again, the third quarter while it was a victory in terms of lots of growth and lots of volume, we didn't translate well into the hold percentage and again the mix situation hurt us there. Of course, year-on-year also, we had the cost issue in Q3 of 2016 which is always confusing and somewhat ambiguous. So, I think long story short, we're over that now. We're moving into Q4. We hope we can continue to experience these high growth in all these segments. We'll hold better in the hold percentage portion of our business, and it will translate to again higher margins. But I would emphasize that our margins continue to be the highest in Macao. Our Parisian property exemplary quarter. The only disappointing part, my perspective is, we could have held a bit better and the mix certainly impacted our overall margin.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I mean, I just wanted to be clear, (51:27) but what I was asking was on hold adjusted, right? So, that would just mean maybe the issue was mainly mix then?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Well, when we present – Felicia, when we present our hold normalized, we're only normalizing for the VIP...
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Right.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: -- rolling and we're not normalizing for the 300 bps of life hold at Venetian and in premium mass. So we don't actually normalize for that in the presentation that we're giving you.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got you. Okay. And then just as my follow-up. If we could just talk about Japan for a second. So, now that the election is behind us, I was just wondering if you could walk us through the timeline you see for the Diet to consider and vote on the implementation legislation. I'm just wondering if how the snap elections might have set the process fast, if at all.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: If I were – This is Sheldon. If I were to give you an answer on that, I'd be reading it from a crystal ball. Well, no...
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: It's the one in the closet.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: No, that's the other one.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Oh, that's your crystal ball?
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: – in the other room.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I forgot.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: That's where I get my ideas from. It's – there are a lot of people speculating about it, and I read this morning that he's got a super majority. Nobody said he had – he's got a super majority with the Komeito Party. So he could do whatever he wants, as long as he got the Komeito Party to go along with it. The press said that is – there are two things. One is to set up his defense forces again. They were prohibited since World War II, and the other thing is to watch his economic program including the IRS (53:22) with casinos implemented. So you know it's tough, it's tough to read a crystal ball as to what's going to happen there. But different people are saying different things. They say that by November 1, they could open which is in a few days. He did open an extra session of the Diet and not the regular session. So people were speculating and saying that he could pass the Gambling Act and then the Integrated Resorts Act still within this year. So there's – nobody knows for sure. We don't know for sure. We're hoping, we've been optimistic for many years about that. Now it looks better than ever that we'll get the implementation bill, and – but who knows when.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thanks, Felicia.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Carlo Santarelli of Deutsche Bank. You're your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, guys. I have two questions. I appreciate you taking my questions. But, really quickly on the first one, and Dan, you're probably best suited to help me on this, but the – it looks to me unless I have something wrong here, it looks to me like it was a 2.9% VIP hold in Macao in the period which reduced your revenue by $18 million and then it looks like there was $28 million of expense. So, despite the fact that their hold optically wasn't high, your EBITDA was down $10 million. Does that just relate to holding a lot higher on the direct side?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: That's correct.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: That's exactly it. That was it.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: That's it.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: That's it. You're right.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then, Rob, when you think about everything as we look at the outlook, obviously the work that's being done at Sands Cotai Central, clearly, the grind mass as Patrick referenced kind of doing a little bit more with recognizing the customers. And having them in the database, as well as the mix of revenue growth on a go-forward basis with VIP kind of currently outpacing the rate of growth in mass both for you guys and for the market. When you think about 2018 putting all that stuff together, directionally, do you guys believe there's an opportunity to grow margins next year?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We'd like to believe there is as revenues continue to grow. We've taken over $310 million of run rate cost out of the business basically in effect last year as we talked about on prior calls, we're very confident to be able to manage cost in the business. But really what we need now is revenue growth. If you want to see margin expansion in Macao, we need to grow revenue. Fortunately the market is growing. And fortunately we believe we have the best asset portfolio there to take advantage of the most valuable segments that are continuing to grow the fastest. So we're very confident in our ability to expand margins over time, but we need revenue growth in order to do so.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. And guys, just a quick one on Vegas. Rob, I believe you mentioned Las Vegas is recovering well. The RevPAR in the quarter and kind of the mix that you guys had between occupancy and rate clearly not at all impacted by what happened on October 1. But when you think about your 3Q, is there anything discernible in there just based on the fact that the LVCVA data through August looked pretty solid market wide. I'm assuming there were some larger conventions that were out of September. But is there any color you guys could provide on kind of Vegas for the 3Q?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Into the RevPAR, no. Nothing to it. I think that we're comfortable with our numbers, we're disappointed with some of our gaming numbers, want to see some more growth there, but we're very happy with the lodging numbers, the RevPAR holding up well. Vegas holding up well, it's morphed into a lodging market primarily. And we feel very good about where we're at in the market. So, no more color than that.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you, guys.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thanks, Carlo.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's Q&A session.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: That's it.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: That's it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everybody, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.
Analysts: Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Sarah, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Daniel Briggs. You may begin.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sarah, and thank you for joining us on the call today. Joining me on the call today are Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Patrick Dumont, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provision of federal securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release. We also want to point out that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the Q&A session, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question, so we might allow everyone with interest to participate. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please turn the call over to our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This was a great quarter and I'm very pleased with our results. Company-wide adjusted EBITDA was US$1.21 billion, an increase of 26% over the prior year. Adjusted earnings per diluted share increased by 38% over the prior year to US$0.73 per share. During the quarter, both our Macao and Singapore operations performed exceptionally well. Sands China grew its EBITDA by 23% year-on-year driven by strong mass gaming revenue growth. And Marina Bay Sands achieved its second best quarterly EBITDA since opening with year-on-year growth of 38%. I remain as confident as I've ever been in our company's prospects. The Macao market is growing and its growth rate has been accelerating for four consecutive quarters. At the same time, the significant new supply that has been added on Cotai since 2015, amounted to over 8,000 hotel rooms and over US$13 billion of additional invested capital, has successfully been absorbed by the market. Our Macao operation is experiencing strong growth in mass gaming and non-gaming segments. And we have successfully established a new landmark, must-see destination resort in The Parisian Macao. Our Macao mass gaming table revenue growth rate further accelerated from 18% in the first quarter to 23% in the second quarter. In its third full quarter of operations, Parisian Macao achieved a quarterly EBITDA of US$106 million. Our strategy was to create a critical mass of interconnected resorts on Cotai. With the completion of The Parisian, We have almost 13,000 hotel rooms and four interconnected resorts, over 840 stores across four shopping malls; 2.5 million square feet of meeting and exhibition space; and four performance and event venues, including our Venetian Cotai Arena which can be utilized either for our MICE business or for major entertainment events. This critical mass of product and amenities allow us to cater to virtually every type of visitor. Business and leisure visitors to Macau will be able to enjoy all of this and more under one roof, at one destination. Our retail mall portfolio across Asia continues to thrive, which demonstrates the success of our strategy to develop destination retail as a differentiation component in the critical mass of offerings in each of the Integrated Resorts in our global portfolio. Both Macao and Singapore delivered double-digit retail sales growth for the second quarter. Our annualized operating profit is now well in excess of US$0.5 billion. Both malls are poised for further enhancement in the tenant mix. Because of our industry-leading investments in MICE-based Integrated Resorts in both Macao and Singapore, we are unique in the absolute scale of our cash flow, as well as our dominant share of the industry's cash flow. Scale, diversity and critical mass allow us to outperform our competitors. Now let me give you some additional highlights of our results in Macao for the quarter. Quarter two adjusted property EBITDA for our Macao operations was US$600 million, an increase of 23% compared to the prior year. Total net revenues increased by 23% driven by growth in mass gaming and non-gaming segments. We maintained a strong EBITDA margin of 32.7% as we benefited from revenue growth and our ongoing cost efficiencies. Despite this significant increase in Macao's gaming and hotel capacity, compared with the prior year quarter, our mass table gaming revenue grew by 23% year-over-year and our non-gaming revenues grew by 22% year-over-year. We experienced broad-based growth across both premium mass and mass segments. Increased patronage and length of stay with hotel accommodation, increased spend at our shopping malls and entertainment events. Our premium mass business performed exceptionally well with growth of nearly 40% over the prior year. During the quarter, hotel occupancy across our portfolio increased by 8 percentage points compared to the prior year to 86% with occupied room nights growing by 35% compared to the prior year. The Parisian Macao grew its EBITDA by 29% sequentially to US$106 million with solid sequential growth in both gaming and non-gaming revenues. Not only has Parisian been successful as a standalone property, The Parisian also benefits our entire Cotai portfolio. The Plaza/Four Seasons property in particular, has experienced an uplift in visitation and business volumes since The Parisian opened and the bridge between Four Seasons and Parisian was completed. Every gaming segment at Plaza experienced strong revenue growth during the quarter and Four Seasons' retail sales grew by 7% over the prior year, despite the increase in the supply of luxury retail in Macao. This year marks the tenth anniversary of The Venetian Macao. When that opened in August 2007, The Venetian stood alone on Cotai. Its opening marked the first step in my vision to create the Cotai Strip. I was absolutely committed then and I remain as deeply committed today to continuing to support Macao's economic diversification and its transformation into Asia's leading business and leisure tourism destination. Non-gaming industries such as retail, MICE, and entertainment are now well established in Macao and will continue to flourish and grow. Meanwhile, The Venetian Macao has become the most visited Integrated Resort in Asia, if not in the world. The addition of The Parisian to our Cotai Strip development takes our critical mass and diversity of offering to another level. I believe this is the only MICE-based Integrated Resort complex of this scale in the world. We remain fully committed to playing the pioneering role in Macao's transformation into Asia's leading business and leisure tourism destination. In summary, we regard it as a privilege to contribute to Macao's success in realizing its objectives of diversifying its economy, supporting the growth of local businesses and providing meaningful career development opportunities for citizens, including through our Sands Academy, and reaching its full potential as Asia's leading business and leisure tourism destination. We have steadfast confidence in both our and Macao's future success. Now, moving on to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. We delivered an excellent quarter at Marina Bay Sands with EBITDA of US$492 million, our second highest quarterly EBITDA since opening. The quarter was marked by particularly strong performance in the VIP gaming segment where rolling volumes increased by 29% over the prior year, as well as our retail mall businesses, where tenant sales grew by 11% over the prior year. Normalized EBITDA margin increased by more than 6 percentage points, reaching 55% for the second quarter, supported by solid revenue growth and cost control. At the same time, Marina Bay Sands continues to serve as the most important reference site for emerging jurisdictions that are considering large-scale Integrated Resort developments. Our pioneering track record, development experience and financial strength puts us in the pole position to take advantage of new development opportunities on the horizon. Now, let's move on to my favorite subject, the return of capital to shareholders, yay dividends and yay buybacks. As you may recall, the Las Vegas Sands' board of directors last year approved an increase in our recurring dividend program for the 2017 calendar year to US$2.92 for the year or US$0.73 per quarter. We remain committed to maintaining our recurring dividend programs at both Las Vegas Sands and Sands China. And we remain committed to increasing those recurring dividends in the future as our cash flows grow. At the same time, we will remain opportunistic in returning excess capital via a share repurchase program. We repurchased US$75 million of stock during the quarter. We look forward to continuing to utilize the stock buyback program to return excess capital to shareholders and to enhance long-term shareholder returns in the future. Our performance demonstrates the resilience and consistency in our cash generation, which reflects both the strength of our business model and the geographic diversity of our cash flows. Our debt to EBITDA leverage ratio remains low, at 2.2 times on a gross basis and 1.7 times on a net basis. My view of our leverage levels is that we are comfortable with the debt to EBITDA ratio of between 2 times and 3 times on a gross basis, before any additional debt related to development opportunities in new markets. As our EBITDA and cash flows grow, our leverage will naturally decline over time. Our industry-leading cash flows, geographic diversity and balance sheet strength enable us to continue our recurring dividend and stock repurchase programs while retaining ample financial flexibility to reinvest in our existing properties and pursue new development opportunities. In conclusion, our cash flow generation continues to be strong and predictable. The resurgence of growth in the Macao market has continued during the quarter. The structural advantage from our scale, critical mass and product diversity was evident in our strong financial results. We look to the future with confidence, we have a strong organic outlook, we are in a great position to continue reinvesting in our existing assets and to pursue new development opportunities and we have both the intent and the financial strength to continue to return excess capital to shareholders. Thank you for joining us on the call today and now we will take questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Mr. Grambling from Goldman Sachs, your line is now open.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Operator, let's move on.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good afternoon. So, last quarter, I think there was some debate around whether you want to target the VIP market in Macao given the strength that we are seeing. Can you give us updated thoughts post this quarter? Thank you.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: VIP market, you're referencing junkets, Thomas, or (16:23) VIP, let's define that?
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. I mean I think that there was debate around junkets exactly. So, debate around how much you want to target the junkets given the strength there when you historically have been more of a mass market company?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Well, obviously, we're a mass-driven, that's our calling card in the past and I think in the future, that wouldn't preclude though us from participating in the junket segment. Actually, we're redoing all of our rooms and I think we're making a concerted effort to keep pushing hard in the junket segment. Obviously, the margins in that segment are nominal compared to mass segment. But we certainly want to be a junket house and have junket participation for the direct profitability and also the other benefits to the premium mass segment. So, let's have no confusion, we want to be in the junket business for sure in Macao.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Helpful. And then, you highlighted the significant increase in occupancy in Macao. How are you thinking about allocating rooms now to kind of drive the highest returns? Thanks.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: There was never really a change for us historically. We allocate rooms based on profitability, be it junket, be it premium mass, be it mass or just cash customers. We ran 86% occupancy across the portfolio. We're very pleased by that. And I think the difference to us than most people I think it reflects our ability to sell 13,000 sleeping rooms and yet still take care of the casino customers. And I think one thing you should think about with us is we've successfully enhanced our business model and market initiatives to adapt to the continued evolution of the Chinese consumer, mobile, social media, e-commerce. We successfully leveraged social media product placement in our diverse non-gaming offerings to build an industry-leading online mobile social media presence in China. I mean, at The Parisian alone, we have 3.6 billion digital impressions. The Venetian and Parisian are two top, the most searched Macao properties on both Baidu and Weibo. And in WeChat, we've got more followers than any of the Macao companies combined, all the companies combined. So, again, we believe very much in selling hotel rooms because we have a large platform of 13,000 sleeping rooms but profitability is guided by each segment, be it casino, be it cash sales, be it junket. So, we're open-minded at all those segments, but our key is keep our rooms busy, occupied, and producing lots of EBITDA.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: All right. Thank you.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon, everybody.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hi, Joe.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hi.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Question for you guys. Obviously, the VIP business was rip-roaring at Marina Bay Sands. What drove that? Is it a different marketing approach, is it credit, is it macro-driven? How concentrated or how broad-based was the rolling chip strength that you saw?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure. Well, let's be clear, we obviously had a stellar quarter, which was driven by the rolling segment and with stronger volumes and above-average hold percentage which helped MBS too, I think it was our second best quarter in the history of the property since we opened. The non-rolling...
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Seven years ago.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah, long time ago. The non-rolling table and slot ETG volumes were stable, although they didn't grow, a little disappointing and the lodging component was soft and usual because the Singapore lodging market is softer. But I think this quarter reflects the many opportunities of profit we have to drive our business at MBS even ex the large hold percentage, we delivered about $385 million of normalized EBITDA, which sets up the potential for a huge year this year at MBS. There's nothing new there in terms of marketing strategies. What we are doing is reducing commissions in the rolling segment to enhance our profitability and enhance our margins. We successfully keep pushing back on the commissions and testing the waters to see how far we can go. You'll see the enhanced profitability in the rolling segment this quarter. And we play lucky, let's be clear. We had a lot of luck this quarter, probably about $100 million of increased hold. But having said that, we're very pleased that in a quarter where the usual drivers were absent, we didn't see the big lodging component, we didn't see the big component coming out of the non-rolling slot ETG segment. We still delivered great results and it was all about the very high end and playing a bit lucky. But I would again look at the commission structure and how it's changing. I think we run about 65%-35% in terms of the composite market EBITDA in Singapore. And so, we're very proud of the results there, albeit our traditional drivers were a little absent this quarter.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you. And just kind of a big picture on Macao for Rob, for anybody on the call, how do you think about the future investment or reinvestment in your property particularly when you think about your Peninsula presence and you think about Sands Cotai Central, what type of redeeming or rebranding opportunities you have to increase market share? How are you thinking about those things now?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Right. It's a good question, Joe. First of all, we are the market leader in Macao, and market EBITDA leader. We once hit $3 billion of EBITDA there a few years ago and our goal is to return to that place again. We will absolutely invest aggressively in all aspects of Macao, be it SCC, be it The Parisian. The Parisian had a nice quarter. We think we can do better. It's based on mass volume and I think it's based on the terrific job by the team there and the digital platform. And we're very pleased with our best performance at The Parisian. But we believe there's a lot more profitability. It has extraordinary curbside appeal. It has extraordinary connectivity, the Four Seasons. It's a very glamorous property inside the building, the casino. What it lacks is a better room product to address the premium mass. We're addressing, we're spending aggressively now. You'll see some of that product come onboard in early 2018 and by the end of 2018 be completed. But I think once that's done, The Parisian's going to be a very, very strong competitor and do much better than the $106 million this quarter. We're very proud of the product, we made some changes there which most people do if they open a property. We recognize the enormous appeal to premium mass. And we think we can do a lot better at The Parisian. We're very pleased that Sheldon referenced the growth of the Four Seasons that seems to be benefiting both from a retail and gaming perspective from the connectivity to The Parisian and The Venetian. And we are reinvesting in The Venetian right now. We're actually at 500 rooms out of order this quarter. We stood our room count down considerably, about 20% which impacted The Venetian's results. So we're going to spend aggressively in Macao. We are big believers, we're grateful to be there, it's a magnificent market. We are the leader in EBITDA, have been for years, and the biggest investor in the market. And that won't change. We're going to drive more revenue and as this mass gaming story evolves, we plan to be a very, very big participant and grow our EBITDA.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix from Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks, and good afternoon. So, on the mass side, if we take the mass win estimate that's in the deck on slide 13, the $4.15 billion, and you kind of do a market share calculation based on your mass win. It implies you maintained market share in the quarter. And last quarter you grew share a little bit on the mass side. I would just think given your success with Parisian and everything you're doing that your mass share would be growing a bit faster, so just wondering how to think about that. And then also, in the deck, you highlighted that there was a sequential base mass decline in the quarter. So, I'm wondering if that's something that we need to discuss or if that's just seasonal.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Dan, you want to take that?
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure. I mean, Felicia, I think the most important thing on the question is on page 15, which is it grew 22.6% across base and premium mass. So, base mass grew 11% in a quarter that doesn't have as much visitation than, say, the first and the third quarter. So, it's very nice results for us. And then premium mass, as Sheldon mentioned in his comments, grew nearly 40% for us, 39.3%. That's what matters, that's what counts. We're growing very, very quickly. We don't have precise information on all the other operators' growth. We'll wait to see what they do. You saw the results yesterday We got very nice market share in mass. And our expectation is that we can grow our market share in mass over time because of all the things Rob just mentioned. So, we're very, very pleased with the results. It could very well be that the growth rate in Macao for the whole market is slightly less or slightly more than we've estimated. We'll find that out in the next couple of weeks. But we know that the growth in the market is very strong at, say, 18%. We're growing at 22.6%. We're very proud of that and looking forward to continuing to move in that direction. With respect to sequential on SCL base mass, what I'd say is this is a seasonal business with visitors coming in the first and the third quarters, probably more so than in the second and the fourth quarters. And as we continue to evolve, I think, we'll see good stuff coming. And I'll point to another slide in this deck, which is on page 12. If you look at Mainland Chinese visits, that's up 16% year-over-year in the second quarter of 2017 compared to 2016. If you look at spend per visitor, that number is up 13%, and this is just mass tables and slots versus the visitors coming into the market. So we see a very nice opportunity to continue to grow. We expect that base mass business across Macao overall to grow at probably Chinese GDP-plus. So if that's the case, and we're participating, we've got a very, very nice growth opportunity in the future.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. That's helpful. And just as a follow-up, can you guys just address the flow through in the quarter in Macao. It looks like it decreased a tad since last quarter?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think our margins have been consistent given our cost reduction programs. I think the team over there has done a very nice job taking costs out of the business, as the business scaled down in prior quarters. Now, that we're experiencing growth, we anticipate to see heightened flow through. From a labor standpoint, it's actually been probably good. I think, some of our cost expansion here has been related to increased marketing to capture some of the market growth. We're going to continue to invest in marketing as the business continues to grow, because we think that's helpful for the long term. So – but as a practical matter, we should start seeing some operating leverage as revenue continues to grow with the market. So I think it's going to be a little – there's going to be some cyclicality in our margins, just given the performance of revenue. The first quarter has Chinese New Year in it, but I think as you look for the business over the long term, you should see us control our labor cost, control some of our fixed cost and then look over time to increase our marketing spend as we invest in our business, invest on our customers and look to grow revenue and expand margins.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good afternoon. Rob, just wondering if you could maybe give us a high-level view on how you'd characterize the promotional or competitive environment right now in Macao. We should be getting close to lapping some of the new supply additions from last year including your own, but any changes or tweaks to the landscape there or is everything fairly steady?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think things are pretty steady there, Shaun. I think, we – unless I'm confused a little bit – our growth in the mass, Felicia's comments about base mass and premium mass indicates to me we have healthy growth in both those segments and we have healthy margins frankly at 33% or so. I'd take it anytime. As far as the competitive environment, I think it's obviously a very competitive operating environment. But from our perspective, it revolves around the base premium mass segments. And we've not seen unreasonable competitive pressure. I think it's actually very reasonable. We did see some obviously price cutting on the hotel side a few quarters ago, and even that's bouncing back, ADRs are improving. And so, I think the market there is rather rational and reasonable and measured, and I think it will continue. As long as we keep seeing these double-digit increases in revenue and people aren't chasing the customers, I think that environment remains very reasonable to work in, and we're very happy with the environment.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And maybe – so the quick follow-up. I think I caught earlier maybe in the prepared remarks that normalized EBITDA margins in Singapore were 55% this quarter, but I'm not sure if I inserted the word normalized. So, is that like a solid number or how should we interpret that?
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah, it is.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: It's a solid number.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: It's as solid as a rock. How do you say 55%, unsolid?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: You don't.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I don't know.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah. As we addressed, Singapore had an unusual quarter because we did have large volumes relative to the past – past year or so in the rolling. And obviously, when you hold well, that skews things a bit. But I think if you step back, and even with the rather soft lodging market and a softer non-rolling table segment in the market, we did pretty well, margins held up pretty well. And again, I think the power of MBS is evident this quarter by the fact that we had less traditional drivers, yet we had the high-end emerge and we held lucky. So, I think margins like that are reasonable, and you can believe in them long term.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Shaun, this is Sheldon. You got to remember that there is no reason to reduce the traffic and reduce the productivity of Marina Bay Sands, it is arguably the most beautiful building in the world. If you want to have an argument, I'll engage in that. I said argue. It is the most visited – it's one of, if not the most visited hotel in the world. There's nobody that goes to Singapore that doesn't see the hotel, that doesn't want to go up to its SkyPark and look out over Singapore. It's just so attractive and so magnetic to people who come to Singapore. I don't see any reason why the Marina Bay Sands been open for seven years and we've done good and we continue to increase – our mall is considered one of, if not the most beautiful mall in the world. And while all the other malls are going down, as you are saying, we're going up. So, it's – there's no reason for it to go down, particularly when people who come to Singapore. Everybody who goes to Singapore goes to see the Marina Bay Sands.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Shaun, I think, one other thing to note is the margin that you're seeing there is based on the operating leverage of the business. So, that if Marina Bay Sands continues to develop a better mass business over time, if we continue to have the VIP growth that we're seeing. Eventually, we'll continue to scale and you'll see some margin expansion in that business.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I can tell you I'm involved in development, then expansion, and I could tell you I was in Brazil recently. And people had gone from Brazil to Singapore to see the Marina Bay Sands, just for that purpose. People from – everybody in Japan knows what the MBS is, and most everybody from Japan that has any interest in the potential Japanese Integrated Resort, everything they do is copying Marina Bay Sands.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: So, to reference, Shaun, just one more thing about Marina Bay Sands, and about how we think about that asset, and obviously, we're very proud of it. It's the reference point for an exemplary IR. Anywhere you're going, whether it'd be in Asia, South America or the U.S. And on page 24 of the deck, I think one of the reasons why is we've invested aggressively in world class entertainment, Remember that list of action with Rolling Stones to Michael Bublé to Elton John to Aerosmith, Diana Ross, et cetera, Asian acts. All kinds of top-tier K-pop and J-pop; sports, boxing, theatrical. It's a pretty impressive place. We are the touchpoint in that part of the world for entertainment in Singapore coupled with the view Sheldon referenced. As we travel to new jurisdictions, we're very proud of the fact that it seems to be the place that everybody talks about, as what they want to have in their backyard. So be it entertainment, be it MICE, be it retail, we reinvest heavily and want to keep this superb asset looking like it looks and leading the way. So...
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley from UBS. Your line is open.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. I just want to ask a little bit about return to shareholders and based on your opening comments. It looks like you did less share repo in Q2 than you did in Q1. So I was wondering if you can give any color on how you think about that.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure. I think, our – as we said previously, the return of capital cornerstone is really our dividend. That's really what our Chairman and our Board focuses on in terms of long-term sustainable growth. And that's really the focus of our return on capital program. We use share repurchases to modulate return of capital to our shareholders. So then, we feel we have some excess cash, and we feel like providing some additional return to our shareholders, shrinking our share count. We'll go out and repurchase shares. In this particular quarter, we chose to purchase $75 million. In the future, we hope to do more, but that's what we did this quarter.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: And, that was just a function of literally like liquidity in the quarter or just thinking about that versus Q1?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think, it's really just a view on the outlook. I think, we tend to think about our cash flow growth, tend to think about the liquidity that we have, to think about a whole host of factors that kind of go into the mix, and we make repurchases based on our long-term view. So across the year, we'll look at it more in that concept, than we will particular quarter to quarter. So I think the way we kind of look at it is going back across the year and saying, what was our total return of capital, how will our shareholders treat it and that's the context that we really consider in it.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's great. Thanks. And then, just one other very minor question, but are you still actively looking to maybe dispose of non-core assets? Just wondering what your current thinking is on that.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think that's something that we always are opportunistic about. I think our Chairman has set up a very effective model where we reduce our cost eventually by ultimately selling down assets that are considered non-core either in total or in part, and it's something that we'll always continue to consider to enhance shareholder returns. But at this time, we don't have anything to report specifically although the Chairman has said all along that this is part of his core and fundamental strategy for the business, and that's something we hope to follow over time because it does create an unbelievable return environment.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis from Nomura Instinet. Your line is open.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Hey. Good afternoon everybody. Just a couple of quick clarifications following up on Joe's question in Macao. Can you walk through the projects or the property improvements that you're planning and give some general price tag on what you're planning to do this year and next in Macao?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: So, Harry, it's Patrick. Nice to hear from you. I think if you turn to page 35 in our earnings presentation, you'd kind of see that we provide a forecast for our CapEx expectations for the entire portfolio, and then there are some details there regarding maintenance CapEx, some investment that we plan to do in existing properties, things that are specific to The Parisian and then some other. And I think the key thing to note is that the $500 million maintenance that we intend to spend, although we haven't spent it in years past as our property portfolio needs room refresh, it needs high limit space changes, needs junket room adjustments, we intend to spend that money. I think we have a very motivated team in order to grow the business. I think we're working hard to identify areas of investment, areas of change that can be helpful. And I think we're actively pursuing that in Macao, in Marina Bay Sands, here in Las Vegas, and in Sands Pennsylvania. So, I think the key thing here is I don't think we can call out a specific list of projects because they are numerous. But what I would like to highlight is we have a history of investing in our properties of making the changes necessary to support earnings and cash flow growth. And we've had the spending history that shows that we do it. And so, if you look at these next three years, you'll see there is a significant commitment made to both capital expenditures to provide growth, as well as capital expenditures to make sure our assets are kept to where they need to be to continue to boost the cash flow that allows a return on capital to happen. So, I'll turn it over to Rob or to the Chairman to see if they have any additional remarks. But I just want to highlight page 35 lays out the amount of expenditures that we've spent historically, the way we've deployed capital and the way that capital intends to be spent in the future in a general basis. I don't know if there's any specific projects that we'd like to highlight now, but I'll turn it over to Rob.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah, a few things just to think about. We referenced The Parisian. We're in the midst of converting into some suite product over there. It'll come on line in Chinese New Years and throughout the year. Otherwise, The Parisian – we're adding a restaurant or two restaurants in the gaming floor. We just finished redoing all the rooms and suites in the Four Seasons. We're making changes to all of our junket rooms we have in 100% of the junket areas. Obviously, adding all the new smoking rooms like our competitors for 2019 finish date. The Venetian right now would be having another 500 rooms on top of the 500 rooms we did last year, where we have in the entire casino floor. We constantly are adding restaurants, right now about 11 restaurants in the Macao are being changed up from new product to rehab. I can't stress enough how much we recognize in highly competitive markets with very, very good competitors. I was in Macao last month and we walked through the new products and even the older ones and they're very, very good. So, we're aggressively spending money in all of Macao. MBS room rehab across the board and casino update, refresh and we've just finished the new slot room there. So there's no place we aren't spending money, and it goes throughout, be it night clubs, be it restaurants, be it casino floor. We're aggressive, we're investors, we love the products we own, and we're going to be spending money throughout this year and next to rehab a lot of places. So no lack of capital expenditures.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: That's very helpful. And then, my follow-up question relates to Marina Bay Sands. A couple of curious curiosities, in your press release, it shows that mall revenues were flat quarter – or year-over-year at $40 million. Yet, I think, it was reported that last year that it was about $64 million. Was there some kind of an accounting change year-over-year? I might have missed it.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I don't have that.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Harry, I'm not sure what you're referring to. Give us a chance to get back to you.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Okay. That's fine.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We're showing occupancy at 97%, rent is about $1,480 a foot. And it looks to me like the operating profit is about $35.1 million for the quarter.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: If you turn to page 26 on our earnings deck, we have the Asia retail mall portfolio with operating cost and operating margin, as well as mall revenue. Maybe you could direct your question to that section and that page and maybe we can answer it.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Yeah. This was just specific.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Or on page nine in the release, we've got mall revenue. That's $40 million in 2017 and $40 million in 2016.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Correct.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: So you're saying a year-ago, we had $60 million in the mall revenue?
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: That's what we show, but we've known to being wrong.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Well, let's chase it down together. Let's chase it down together.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Okay.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hi. It's Rob. We've not had any significant changes in Marina Bay Sands. It's pretty flat year-on-year but I don't think we'll get some detail on that but I don't believe we had a $16 million quarter last year.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Okay.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah. I believe that he's thinking about gross versus...
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: No, because it runs about 90% margin.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I don't think so. We'll come back. We'll clean up. We'll come back to you directly.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah. Harry, what you see both on page 26 and page nine of the press release is accurate, so I'm not sure what you're referring to. But if you have any questions, please follow up with Dan.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: I will. And just staying in Marina Bay Sands for the last question is, on the rolling chip volume. In the first quarter, I just want to make sure I've got these right, it was $8.9 billion in the first quarter and $8.7 billion in the second quarter, so it's sequentially pretty stable. Is that a fair statement?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah. If you look back a year ago, it was $6.7 million a year ago in Q2 of 2016, so a nice growth year-on-year, but Q-on-Q it's flat and obviously Chinese New Year fell in Q1, so it's a nice stable run rate of $35 million, $36 million.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Yeah. So, that was where I was going is, do you think that we're in a more stable environment now, because historically that rolling chip volume has been quite volatile?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah. I think it's been stable the last year or two. As you know, it's fallen off terrifically from the early days when there was belief we could do $50 million or $60 million, but I think currently we're running in the $35 million-plus range. I think that's realistic. As you know and I think it bears repeating that this is a highly concentrated segment that a couple of dozen players can make a difference in a quarter, but we feel like we're running at a more stable rate the last three quarters – the $8.2 billion, $8.9 billion, $8.7 billion, range. But bear in mind, a year ago we dropped down to $6.7 billion, so a big increase year-on-year. But this market, especially in Singapore, it's like Las Vegas, 10, 20 people can make a difference. And so, I would caution you always to keep in mind it's volatile and concentrated.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Got you. That's very helpful. Again, thank you.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Grambling from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Now he stepped back in.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, can you hear me now? Sorry about that earlier and thanks for getting me back in.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Glad you're back.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. So, sticking with Singapore, can you provide any update on the thoughts around monetizing the retail real estate there and provide any color into how that may play into your capital allocation strategy going forward?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Right now, still very early on, nothing really to report on the process. Although, I will tell you that I think as we said previously that the chairman's strategy all along when he developed these large-scale Integrated Resorts that are MICE-based and have a lot of critical mass, that a part of that critical mass will be non-core components. And those non-core components are integral to the resort but also have monetization capabilities. And so, we'll look to in the future monetize those assets as pricing allows and as the chairman feels comfortable in order to enhance our shareholder returns. So, while we have nothing to report specifically at this time, we're optimistic, we're hopeful for the future. We realized the value of the mall that's sitting there. As the chairman said earlier, it's a great property, it's the most iconic mall in the world. It's probably the most valuable mall in the world on a per-square-foot basis. And we're looking forward to the opportunity at some point in the future. Hopefully, we'll get that chance.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks. And then on the slide 30, you put down principal areas of future development interest. And if we maybe look at South Korea and Japan, specifically, can you provide any updates there and what are some of the key factors that would make you maybe more or less interested in either one of those areas?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We've always been interested in both those locations and I think that's no surprise to anybody. We're cautious, I think in Korea, at this point, there's nothing really to talk about. We have been actively involved in trying to make ourselves known in Japan. We've been there several times, quite a bit, and we're hoping that process goes well and hoping we'll be considered for a license at some point. We're very bullish on Japan and very much hopeful that the process completes some time later this year. Stay tuned and see what happens. We're hopeful.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Rob keeps going to Japan because he found a great pizza parlor.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Right. It's true. It's true. If you want a great pizza place in Tokyo, e-mail me.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And then I guess, the other follow-up, regarding South Korea.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Pardon me?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: He wants about South Korea, your thoughts on South Korea.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Well, there's been nothing – recently they had a impeachment and the lady was indicted, the former lady president. And they put a new president in, but there's no indication whether he's interested or not. I think that, from having gone to South Korea many times, I think what will move that along will be the implementation bill in Japan that we hope will pass before the end of the year, but it's possible it could be delayed. And I think that once they pass that – remember they have 17 casinos there and only one allows Korean nationals, and it's about three hours drive away from the biggest city from Seoul. I think they've got bigger problems now with North Korea than looking at Integrated Resorts to attract more tourists. So we don't know. There's nothing new about Integrated Resorts being restructured in South Korea. The most likely – I've heard that Bangkok in Thailand is reconsidering IRs, but it's very gratifying to know that everybody who talks about IRs in Japan is referring to one thing or more about Marina Bay Sands. So, it is an absolute must reference site. It certainly puts us in the number one position to be the top candidate for a win. So we don't know, there are different opinions as to whether or not Abe's loss of so many seats in the Diet, the Japanese parliament. We don't know, whether or not that hurts the move, but Patrick and Rob were just there last week and they say that it doesn't seem to have any effect. And they're still moving along and they hope to get – I don't know why but they are going to pass the bill for gaming addiction first. I don't know what that has to do with anything, but they said they're going to pass that first. And we are hopeful that it will pass the forthcoming month in August.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Fair enough. I'll...
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. I'll shoot Rob an e-mail on that sushi pizza.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Not sushi, just pizza. Great pizza.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I eat pizza in Italy. The home of the pizza.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Just quickly, if you guys, obviously not a material piece of your business. But, if you guys could comment a little bit on what you're seeing in Las Vegas right now and kind of how you're assessing current trends?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think Carlo, you know, that this quarter was disappointing in terms of the lodging component which is more and more important in Las Vegas. But, George Markantonis who runs the building tells me that this summer looks better to him, group business is picking up considerably. And he thinks the second half, he will do well, he thinks the FIT business picks up and the group business will be strong. So hoping for more there. Obviously, we didn't have as good a quarter as we hoped for after a stellar first quarter. But, George says the summer looks good, the group business is accelerating and the FIT business as well is accelerating. So let's hope for the best in Las Vegas.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Rob. And then, if I just could go back to one point you made. I just want to make sure I heard it right. You talked a little bit about MBS and kind of what you're doing on the VIP side. And did I hear you correct in saying you're – obviously no junkets in the markets, so every relationship is direct. Your rebates or commissions to your VIP customers, you've been kind of pulling back on them a little bit. So even on a normalized hold going forward, your margin profile within VIP should be improved?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Exactly, correct. We continue to cut back commissions as our second bite at the apple and you've identified it perfectly. Yes.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And is there any kind of, in terms of departmental margin, improvement that you would expect to see from that?
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yes.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: No. Sorry. That you could quantify, I meant. I apologize.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: No, I don't want to quantify it, but I think you'll see improved margins and improved profitability in that segment. We think we had a showcase property that people want to come to, and we are the market leader there, I guess, by 65:35. And we believe that we can perhaps reduce commissions and get better margin. That's the thought process. I don't want to quantify what that will mean, but it will be improved margins, improved profitability at MBS.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks so much.
Robert G. Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.
Analysts: Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co. Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd. Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet Chad Beynon - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Heidi, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Daniel Briggs.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you, operator. Joining me on the call today are Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Patrick Dumont, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Federal Securities Laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is made available on our website. We also want to inform you that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website for your use. We will refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the Q&A session, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question, so we might allow everyone with interest to participate. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased that we delivered a strong set of financial results, with company-wide adjusted property EBITDA reaching $1.15 billion, an increase of 25% over the prior year. Fully diluted earnings per share increased by 50% over the prior year to $0.60 per share. During the quarter, we again generated strong cash flow across all of our operations, with solid growth in both Macao and Las Vegas. Our Macao operations grew its EBITDA by 20% year-on-year, driven by 17% mass gaming revenue growth. Marina Bay Sands continues to deliver strong cash flow. Adjusted property EBITDA was up 33% for the quarter. Our Las Vegas operation delivered its best quarter since the first quarter of 2008. The resilience and consistency of our cash generation reflect both the strength of our business model and the geographic diversity of our cash flows, which in turn underpins our balance sheet strength. Accordingly, we can continue to return excess cash to shareholders while investing in our existing assets and maintaining our ability to fund new development opportunities. I remain as confident as I have ever been in our company's prospects. After a challenging period, the Macao market is growing again and its growth rate has been accelerating for three consecutive quarters. Our Macao operation is experiencing strong growth in both our mass gaming and non-gaming segments. And we have successfully established a new landmark must-see destination resort in The Parisian Macao. Our Macao mass gaming table revenue growth rate was 18% this quarter, up from 16% in the fourth quarter of 2016. The Parisian has not only helped us drive this double-digit revenue growth, but has also greatly enhanced the critical mass benefits of our interconnected properties on the Cotai Strip. Our visitation expanded 30% year-over-year in the first quarter, reaching 21.2 million visits across our portfolio, compared to 16.3 million visits in the first quarter of 2016. On a daily basis, that translates to a daily average of nearly 236,000 visits across all our properties in the first quarter of 2017 compared to a daily average of approximately 179,000 visits across all our properties in the first quarter of 2016. Our SCL retail mall revenues also grew nearly 24% in the quarter compared to the first quarter of 2016, reaching $118 million for the quarter. Our strategy was to create a critical mass of interconnected resorts for Cotai, creating what we have trademarked as the Cotai Strip. With the completion of The Parisian, we now have almost 13,000 hotel rooms in four interconnected resorts, over 840 stores across four shopping malls, 2 million square feet of meeting and exhibition space, and four performance and event venues, including our Venetian Cotai Arena, which can be utilized either for our MICE business or for major entertainment events. This critical mass of product and amenities allow us to cater to virtually every type of visitor. Business and leisure visitors to Macao will be able to enjoy all of this and more under one roof at one destination without ever leaving the building. Our unique ability to generate consistent and industry-leading cash flow supports our balance sheet strength. That balance sheet strength at 1.8 times net debt to EBITDA at the end of the first quarter allows us to stay fully committed to our development plans while continuing to return excess capital to shareholders. Again, this is unique in our industry. Now let me give you some additional highlights of our results in Macao for the quarter. Quarter one adjusted EBITDA for our Macao operations was $624 million, an increase of 20% compared to the prior-year quarter. Overall net revenues increased by 15%, driven by growth in both the mass gaming and non-gaming segments. EBITDA margin expanded by 140 basis points to a market-leading 33% as we benefited from ongoing cost efficiencies and improved business mix. Despite the significant increase in Macao's gaming and hotel capacity, compared with the prior-year quarter, our mass table gaming revenues grew by 18% year-over-year and our non-gaming revenues grew by 22% year-over-year. We experienced broad-based gaming growth across both premium mass and mass segments, driving increased patronage with hotel accommodations, shopping malls, and entertainment events. Hotel occupancy across our portfolio increased by over four percentage points this quarter compared to the prior-year quarter to 82% with occupancy in the 90s on weekends and holidays. This growth in occupancy occurred despite 8,000 new hotel rooms being added to the Cotai market over the last two years, including 3,000 from our own Parisian. Our total occupied room nights increased 13% compared to the first quarter of 2016. This includes growth from The Parisian and contributions from our other properties, each of which delivered a higher occupancy in the first quarter of 2017 compared to the first quarter of 2016. Same-store room nights also increased, even after considering the room nights for The Parisian. It's important to note that 8,000 new hotel rooms in Cotai have now been successfully absorbed in the Macao market over the last two years. Despite the new competition on Cotai, we've retained our scale and critical mass advantages during peak periods. The higher hotel occupancy positively contributed to both our gaming and retail revenues. In a market where peak periods, the weekends and holidays, matter more than ever before and where mass market customers will generate the lion's share of future revenue and profit growth, our capacity advantage was further strengthened by the addition of The Parisian. The Parisian Macao continued to ramp up and grew its EBITDA by 8% sequentially on a normalized basis. The Parisian experienced double-digit sequential volume growth in both rolling volumes and non-rolling table game drop. Not only has The Parisian been successful as a standalone property, The Parisian also benefits entire Cotai Strip portfolio. The Plaza slash Four Seasons property in particular has experienced an uplift in visitation and business volumes since The Parisian opened, and the bridge between Four Seasons and The Parisian, which averages approximately 20,000 crossings per day was completed. Mass gaming revenues grew by 15% over the prior year and retail tenant sales grew by 7% over the prior year despite the increase in the supply of luxury retail in Macao. This year marks the tenth anniversary of The Venetian Macao. When it opened in August 2007, The Venetian stood alone on Cotai. Its opening marked the first step in my vision to create the Cotai Strip. Within 10 years, Cotai has gone from zero to around 60% of Macao's overall gaming revenues. Non-gaming industries such as retail, MICE, and entertainment are now well established in Macao and will continue to flourish and grow. Meanwhile, The Venetian Macao has become the most visited integrated resort in Asia. The addition of The Parisian to our Cotai Strip development really takes our critical mass and diversity of offering to another level. This is the only MICE space integrated resort complex of this scale in the world. We remain fully committed to play the pioneering role in Macao's transformation into Asia's leading business and leisure tourism destination. In summary, we regard it as a privilege to contribute to Macao's success in realizing its objectives of diversifying its economy, supporting the growth of local businesses, providing meaningful career development opportunities for its citizens through our Sands Academy and reaching its full potential as Asia's leading business and leisure tourism destination. We have steadfast confidence in both our and Macao's future success. At Marina Bay Sands, we delivered a solid quarter with EBITDA of US$365 million. When measured in Singapore dollars, our mass win per day for quarter one was the second highest quarter since the opening of the property. At the same time, Marina Bay Sands continues to serve as the most important reference site for emerging jurisdictions that are considering large scale integrated resort developments. Our Las Vegas operations generated EBITDA of US$122 million in this quarter, our best quarter in Las Vegas since the first quarter of 2008. Record convention and group meeting business helped generate our strongest EBITDA, hotel ADR, and RevPAR since 2008. Now let's move on to my favorite subject, the return of capital to shareholders. Yay, dividends. As you may recall, the Las Vegas Sands Board of Directors last year approved an increase in our recurring dividend program for the 2017 calendar year to $2.92 for the year, or $0.73 per quarter. The 2017 dividend increase marked the sixth consecutive year that we have increased our recurring dividend. We remain committed to maintaining our recurring dividend programs at both Las Vegas Sands and Sands China, and we remain committed to increasing those recurring dividends in the future as our cash flows grow. At the same time, we will remain opportunistic in returning excess capital through our share repurchase program. We repurchased US$150 million of stock during the quarter, and we look forward to continuing to utilize the share repurchase program to return excess capital to shareholders and to enhance long-term shareholder returns in the future. Yay, buybacks. In conclusion, our cash flow generation continues to be strong and predictable. The resurgence of growth in the Macao market has continued during the quarter. The structural advantage from our scale, critical mass, and product diversity is evident in our strong financial results, both in Macao and globally. We continue to maintain our position as the number one EBITDA producer in Macao, the number one gaming and integrated resort developer company in the world. We look to the future with confidence. We have a strong organic growth outlook, and we are in a great position to pursue new development opportunities. And we have both the intent and the financial strength to continue to return excess capital to shareholders. Thank you for joining us on the call today and now we'll take some questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Stephen Grambling with Goldman Sachs. Stephen, your line is now open.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess on Marina Bay Sands, can you give us any thoughts or progress on monetizing the retail assets there and how you would think about allocating that capital now that you've initiated the buyback program? Thanks.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hey. How are you? It's Patrick. Good to hear from you. So it's still very early on. There's a process that we're hoping to engage in and we look forward to reporting back with more information as we progress in that process. But there's really not a whole lot to report right now in that regard. In terms of return of capital, hopefully we'll be able to get some of the results that were discussed on prior calls at a cap rate that's very attractive. And when we obtain that capital if we're able to get through with the sale, I think at that time we'll take a very close look at our return of capital program and evaluate enhancing shareholder returns through using that capital. So if there's a high growth rate project available to us in a new jurisdiction that could help fund that type of development, although, depending on the time of those cash flows, it may create more of an opportunity in return of capital. So that's something that we'll discuss with the Chairman and something we'll discuss with the board. But I think, at this point, all options are on the table.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. And then bigger picture, how do you think about the capacity at the properties in general and the potential impact from infrastructure projects that are poised to come online over the next year or so?
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: At Marina Bay Sands?
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: In Cotai.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Oh, you mean Cotai. Okay. Why don't you repeat that one more time, Stephen, if you would?
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Just looking for a little bit of bigger picture thoughts on the capacity of your existing properties and how to think about the potential impact from the infrastructure projects that are coming online and maybe you could tie into margin kind of targets for some of the properties that just came on.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure. Well, let's start with the long-term view of Macao which we view extremely favorably. Infrastructural improvements including new ferry terminal are imminent; the bridge is probably 2018. Two more Cotai properties will open up in 2017/2018. But from that point forward, you see a capacity constrained as a more new capacity coming onboard from a gaming perspective. It could be additional lodging capacity. So we view Macao in the most favorable way. We see a fixed amount of capacity in the gaming side, perhaps a little less so in the lodging side. We see more visitation, more penetration from mainland China into Macao. We see the emergence of a stronger and growing Cotai. So I think – well, again, penetration's critical. We couldn't be more positive in how we see the market. But we see it as based on capacity, based on our ability to grow our market share in the most important section which would be the mass tables and slot machines. To your reference in our deck, pages 13, 14, 15, you can see we had very, very strong growth on a Q-on-Q basis. The numbers are really compelling and we think that's the segment we do best in. 30% growth in the premium mass tables win by quarter and 9.4% from the base mass. So that bodes very, very well. The flow-through, as you know, the margin on that business is extraordinary. Look, we couldn't be more bullish on the future of Macao. We see great infrastructural improvements. We see great opportunity to penetrate China further. We see limited capacity beyond the opening of MGM and SJM projects. So look, as the largest, we believe a rising tide will carry all boats and we have a very large boat in Macao. So we're very bullish on our prospects over there.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. And on Parisian specifically, I guess any sense for where those margins could go as it continues to ramp up? Thanks.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure. Parisian had a interesting quarter. It did $82 million, which at first glance is under we hope it to be. But if you rethink The Parisian from a few different perspectives, the first being that we grew in every segment. Most importantly, we grew in the 9.8% Q-on-Q and mass tables from $895 million to $983 million in the drop. We again held poorly. We held 18.2%, well below the range. Probably cost us $30-plus million in revenue, which is disappointing, but that's life in our business. Our slot business Q-on-Q grew 6%. Our junket business grew 24%. It's clear to see that The Parisian is just a winner. The question is how far can we ramp it. When we get a little bit lucky and hold better and we get some more – frankly, we get some the hold percentage coupled with, thinking, look at the composite mix of our slots, tables, and also our room mix. We were surprised by the amount of premium mass demand. We grew 30% in the premium mass segment Q-on-Q at Parisian. We're rethinking our suite mix there, looking at other CapEx, ways to make the product better. We're thrilled with the exterior of the product. We're thrilled with the interior of the product. We have to rethink some of the room mix perhaps, but The Parisian has got a very, very long shelf life and I think the growth there is imminent. We'd like to see it get to $500 million-plus in the future. We have a lot of confidence in it. The margins will move when the hold percentage moves up, and frankly we start beating some of the people that come to gamble with us. The participation, though, and the occupied tables are extraordinary. The cover counts walk in, they're extraordinary. We're rethinking some of the retail and food product. But suffice it to say we're off to a very encouraging start. And I think $350 million, $400 million is a starting point; $500-plus million's a destination point.
Stephen Grambling - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful color. I'll jump back in the queue. Thanks.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Shaun, Your line is now open.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you and good afternoon, everybody. Rob, maybe to follow-up on that, on the last point on The Parisian. Could you just give us just a little bit more color on either incremental capital investment or the things you could do to get to that $500 million target? I mean just a little bit more specificity there would be great.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure. Well, first thing that I'll reiterate, we're thrilled with the growth in all segments. I just, when we look at the numbers, to see mass table growth and junket growth like that, it's pretty – we're delighted with that part of the business. Again, in the margin side, I'll reiterate that it's nice to win some money. So $30 million, $40 million more would helps the margin side. But looking at CapEx, showing how we think about that property, every time you open a new property, there's never been one open I can remember in all the years I've done this, where you don't go back and rethink some things you did better or worse. I think the food mix; we need more affordable food product. And we've got to look at some more food court expansion. There's some retail successes and retail failures. But I think the retail's got some rethinking to do. And perhaps, most importantly, I guess we're delighted, but surprised by the amount of high end business once asleep there. We're overwhelmed with demand in quality rooming supply, very frankly. So we're looking at the mix. We're going to talk about how we rethink the mix on these suites to get more premium mass in the door because we are – as you know, we're firm believers that's the path forward to us getting to $500 million in all of our products. We believe in premium mass and mass. We're fans of the junket business, but our strength has always been mass, premium mass. So the path forward is look at the retail, look at the food, look at the room mix. Perhaps add some more suite capacity and continue to grow that new hotel. We're excited by the exterior, which we think is one of the best things in Macao. And we're excited by the cross-traffic out of Venetian and The Plaza into The Parisian. So really feel bullish about where The Parisian can go from here.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for that. And then you alluded to the second part of my question which is probably more broadly across the Macao portfolio. But the big surprise, it looked like, in Q1 was just how much VIP business kind of re-entered the market. And when we look at your Rolling Chip volumes, I think including The Parisian, they looked like they were pretty much flat year-on-year. So just overall, while clearly that's not the core strength of LVS, I mean, is there a point at which you begin to re-evaluate or think about re-engaging some of those junket partners and tweaking the product a little bit to focus on that segment a little bit more?
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Unequivocally. I couldn't agree more with you. I think we need to go back and readdress it. We have been – we want to be more involved in that segment. We still think we get not enough credit for the business we do. And we make a couple – $300 million, $250 million a year in slots and in ETG. But to your point, as much as our focus is mass and premium mass, we should go back and address how we do better. The results in town make us rethink that. We spent some time looking at that. And there's no way to deny that we should be doing better and can talk to our partners and say what can we do to improve our Rolling Chip volume externally with the junket partners. So, yeah, there's no way to hide from the fact that's a point we could do better at and something we'll focus on. Again, my only concern there is I think the growth in that market, in that segment, benefits us in a strange way in that it adds more liquidity in the premium mass business which we grew at 30% year-on-year. I think part of the value of the junket segment is the liquidity it adds to the market in that other segment which we do participate in, not to deny we'd like to do better in junkets. Although the flow-through is not as exciting as our mass, premium mass segments or near to what our slot business, but still, why leave money behind? So one of our points of interest in the next few weeks is to sit down with our partners and readdress how we can do better, yes.
Shaun C. Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Remember that – this is Sheldon – remember that the percentage of, it goes down to the bottom line for us of EBITDA from the VIP, the rolling business, is less than a quarter of the percentage of the premium mass and the mass. So it's not really very enticing to push the business out from premium mass to the VIP or to the junket business. And it's just not that exciting to me, but we shouldn't pass up any opportunity to make any money, so that's what – that's what Rob was referring to.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Joe, your line is now open.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon, guys. Can you hear me, okay?
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hear you good, Joe.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Rob, given the strength of the VIP market in Macao, obviously, you're not necessarily seeing it in the 1Q numbers, but are you starting to see that segment in Las Vegas pick up? And are you seeing incrementally more mainland Chinese VIP players flocked to Marina Bay Sands?
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I'll start with Las Vegas. Joe, our approach in Las Vegas, we're seeing a better gaming environment, but I think it's still dwarfed by the power of the lodging story in Las Vegas. I'm not going to say there's not a pick-up here and there, but I don't think it's broad-based and I don't think it's that impactful. We're still in Las Vegas experiencing nice. We had a great quarter. We made some money in the VIP segment, obviously Chinese New Year's. We certainly made money in the slot business, but our focus in Las Vegas remains or our concentration to profit remains on the lodging side. We had a tremendous – we're back to – if I made it back to 2008 or 2007 in terms of ADR and RevPAR. So, yes, there's a lift, but I wouldn't consider it material at this point into Las Vegas from China. MBS, I've got to take a minute to just recognize how strong I feel about the performance there. I think it's extraordinary that we did $388 million normalized without having a strong VIP business over there. Frankly, what's really compelling about MBS is this is a product that it's a benchmark product for all new jurisdictions to look at, both aesthetically and from an operating perspective. In a rather difficult environment because of the downturn at GGR, headwinds from the currency perspective, I think MBS is just extraordinary to have a run rate of $1.4 billion, $1.5 billion, maybe better, to be the shining star in the development world and operational side of our business. I'm very proud of our results there, but no, it's not driven by VIP out of mainland China. The diversification, geographic diversification of MBS is just compelling. We deal with a lot more business coming out of Malaysia and Indonesia, Korea, Japan. In fact, I think last time I looked, the contribution from China fell to 20%, which is both terrific in one regard and also it might make for a good story when VIP reemerges into MBS. But you have to take a look at MBS and be – I'm very proud of our results there. $388 million normalized, $1.4 billion, $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion. A great mall sale on the horizon. It's just a great business over there. We lead the market in ADR. We're 70% of the EBITDA composite goes to MBS, and so I think it's just a great story all these years later. And it's not really being helped that much by VIP at China from both a rolling or non-rolling perspective. So that's the story as far as how we see MBS and Las Vegas.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Using that as a reference site, everybody in Japan, Korea, those places that have yet to legalize IRs with the gaming, they're all referring to Singapore. They want an MBS-type integrated resort and it is the reference site for the entire world.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yes. No question. Anytime we get a new jurisdiction or visit, tours government or businesspeople, it's always MBS they refer to aesthetically, and frankly, operationally. And it's a great product for us. We're very proud of our success there.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I was going to ask a follow-up question regarding The Parisian but then Rob you piqued my interest in talking about the retail mall sale in Singapore. If you mentioned it earlier in the call, I missed it. I guess where are you in that process?
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I'll defer to Patrick on that, Joe.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Before we get there, I want to point out to you that I want to repeat, $118 million, that's about a $500 million run rate. And if we were to achieve in Macao, not Singapore, Macao, a 3% cap rate, and I think that's achievable, that's a lot of money. Nobody, may a lot of money. Nobody ever thought that our mall business would put us in the same business as some of the mall operators, and it's actually it's a consumer attraction for us.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: No question.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: And even if we sold it, that's $500 million and it's still some growth left to come. And we've asked the government for permission to expand our retail in a separate standalone shopping mall. So I feel very, very good about the value. If we do a good deal on Singapore, which I'm convinced we will do, then we may consider Macao.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: So, Joe, I think the important thing about MBS is it's, in our view, the most iconic retail asset in the world. It's very well known. It's very well photographed. It has a tremendous level of productivity and we feel that it will draw a significant amount of interest from the people who invest in these types of assets. That being said, we're very early on in a process that still needs to be established and there's still a lot of work to do. But we're happy that we're engaged in the process, and we'll report back as we have more information. But as a practical matter, we're highly confident there'll be a lot of interest. That being said, one thing to note is that we intend to maintain control of the mall. It's a very important asset for us. And we think that it's important to maintain control of the mall asset in Singapore, even if we're able to find a third-party investor in it. But right now, early on in the process and really nothing to report on that front.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, guys.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Thomas, your line is now open.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Just related to Macao, can you just talk a little bit about your current mix of cash versus comped rooms and the potential opportunity there over time? Thank you.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Well, compared to the, say, in Macao, we're doing very well in Singapore. We're improving significantly here in Las Vegas. So in Macao, what we've learned is our competitors, the other five operators, concession holders, they give away most of their rooms. We don't. We sell a lot of our rooms for cash. Do you know the percentages, Rob?
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We're about 50/50. But I think, I think, Tom, is the key over there is, as Sheldon referenced, is that most of our competitors aren't in the cash rooms selling business. They're more on the comps side. With our size portfolio, we have a mix. It depends on mid-week, weekend. We like to give away more rooms with the right qualified customers. We're happy to give away rooms for the right customers and we're happy to sell the rooms for the right number. We're pleased that we stayed, I think, pretty strong in the overall cash side. We have a very strong outreach program. We've been doing this for a long time, well before anybody else got to Cotai. We've been selling cash rooms for the last decade. The mix will move based on market demand. We're very clear we want to bring more casino guests in, but we have 13,000 keys every night to sell or comp. It's a lot more than those who have got a couple thousand. So we're a lot different I think than the usual hotel casino in Macao.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: The other point to make, too, as we've comped more rooms with The Parisian being opened, number of rooms is up. The percentage is relatively flat, but the actual productivity of those rooms on the gaming floor has actually been going up as the market has recovered, as the premium mass has continued to grow that we're seeing the ADT for those comp customers actually increase over time. So it's a good investment for us to put those customers into the rooms.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Helpful. Thank you. And then just a follow-up question on Macao; obviously, you're more focused on the mass market. But just related to VIP, there have been some articles out about how the DICJ is auditing the credit issuance records of the junkets. How are you thinking that could affect the market in general? Thanks.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We don't know, obviously, because we don't know what the extent of that is. We're very comfortable, again, that we've been in that environment for a long time. I think the head of the pack in terms of auditing and being careful with our partners to take the necessary – the regulatory requirement precautions. So whatever the outcome is, the outcome is. We have no way to determine that. I don't think in the end it's going to be that impactful, personally.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think the Macao government is being prudent.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yep.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: And being cautious. And they don't want any repeat of what happened before. And I take my hat off and I salute the Macao Government for doing so.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Well said. Well said.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Of course, it's well said.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anil Daswani with Citigroup. Anil, your line is now open.
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: Thanks very much for taking my question. Over the last couple of quarters, we've seen a lot of strength in the MICE business as well in Macao. Could you comment as to what percentage of room nights that now is taking up in Macao? And also, how that is affecting the base mass business?
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I don't think that we have that number, the MICE business. But we are looking forward to a resurgent, if I can use that word, when the bridge opens. Bear in mind, when the bridge opens, Macao will have two airports, one in Macao and one called the Hong Kong International Airport covering 100 airlines, servicing 100 scheduled carriers and covering 180 cities with those 100 scheduled carriers. Look, I was in Macao recently and I tell you it was even tough to get into the General Aviation Terminal. So Macao is very strong. And – I'm sorry – Hong Kong is very strong. And that'll be when the bridge opens operationally at the end of 2017 and beginning of 2018, I think it – but nobody knows how that's going to affect everything. But being the expert on the MICE business, it's certainly going to open up Macao as a destination for MICE organizers.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: There's been two impediments to MICE growth. Just think about, one is, as Sheldon referenced, the bridge, and access to Macao makes it a very difficult thing for most large-scale organizations to consider. So that's been an impediment. The second is, our other hotel casino competitors, our associates over there, don't want to necessarily be in the MICE business in the past because they were playing mostly with the junkets and comp customers. So it was not really an issue. I think today, once the bridge is complete, this could grow a pretty material part of Macao's business, the same way 20 years ago people scoffed in Las Vegas that the MICE business and today they can't get there fast enough. It's going to evolve and get better with the bridge opening, and honestly, with more rooms available mid-week for other people beyond our portfolio to participate.
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: Thank you. As a follow-up question, in terms of other regions in Asia, clearly Japan, can you give us an update there? And if there are any other major cities in Asia that you're currently looking at? Thank you.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We have been looking at other countries in Asia for a long time. They are not moving that fast. Japan is what everybody is talking about. We have been informed by people in the know in Japan that LVS is by far, not just marginally, but by far, ahead of the other competition as a candidate to get the IR approval. To the point where even a couple of people – I had a meeting last week with some Japanese here in Las Vegas, and they said that because of us the Japanese Government may even allow us, one operator, meaning LVS, to have an interest in more than one IR. And, of course, we would like – we've been told that we're in the pole position in more than one location. Well, I don't know whether or not the Japanese Government will allow a foreign company to have two IR locations. But then again, there is nobody out there that's an effective competitor with us.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think, look at our balance sheet and our development portfolio, it's a pretty compelling story and, of course, we have the appetite. So we're certainly hoping that Japan evolves for us. And we believe it's an incredibly important market. And there's nothing else really in Asia today to talk about that's at the forefront. I think Japan is the story at this point.
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: Thank you very much, guys.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: But that doesn't mean we're not looking at other countries. We're certainly looking at Korea. We are looking at Vietnam. They're just starting to experiment a pilot program. We're not necessarily in love with the conditions or the three-year test period. We don't want to spend billions of dollars and find out in three years they've changed their mind and they're not going to allow locals in. So we want to see how that goes. And we are still active in lobbying in Thailand. So we're also looking at South America. And we're looking at a couple of, one in particular if something happens in New York, we certainly will be a candidate there. We're the largest gaming and integrated resort company in the world, by far. Our market cap equals or exceeds all the other Las Vegas companies combined. So we're what other people look to, other emerging markets look to, not being that familiar with our industry, they'll look to the biggest and the people that could bring the greatest benefit to them. And MICE is where our greatest benefit is. We are the MICE operators, and all of our properties are MICE-based. You can think of when we built The Venetian Macao, we put in an 800,000 square feet of exhibition space, and, save for the Canton Fair facility, we're the biggest facility. We were the biggest facility in China, the country of 1.3 million (sic) [1.3 billion] people. So where would emerging markets look to? Of course, they'll look to us first.
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jared Shojaian with Wolfe Research. Jared, your line is now open.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. So I'd love to get your perspective on the mass market right now. It's growing but it's also now growing meaningfully slower than VIP, which really is actually growing a little bit.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Jared, you got to go to page 13 in our deck. That's just, that's not factual. You can go to page 13 of our deck and take a look at the first quarter of 2017, you've got a mass table and slot business together that's growing at about 14% and a VIP market that's growing at about 12%. And the numbers that are coming out of DICJ are representing VIP and mass before you have the reclassification of mass that's within the VIP classification where smoking is allowed and it's a meaningful and important part of the market. And it's growing probably faster than any other piece of the market. So it's a mass component that's super-super important. And Rob can talk about that in a little more detail. But I wanted to make sure that is very, very clear to everybody on the call.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I'd like to make – I'd like everybody to make sure that the profit margin on the mass and premium mass is four times that of the profit margin of VIP. So we can grow four times assuming they're both above 50% of the market. The last DICJ report that I read was that VIP for the last quarter I think was 55% of the GGR, the gross gaming revenue. But assuming it's approximately 50%, the VIP has got to grow from a profit standpoint, and that's what we're interest in, four times faster and higher than the mass and premium mass market.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then just as a follow-up, as far as new smoking policy that's out there, can you talk about your expectations on that for VIP and from how you understand it, is this effective as of January 2018? Curious any color you can share on that.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure. Yeah, I thinks it's pretty standard that with the thinking here is it'll be approved for 2018 with a one-year grace period, so probably it's Q1 2019 it kicks in, which is great from what this respect. It preserves smoking, which I think makes a lot of sense in any market to have a smoking component. It also allows the operators to build the smoking areas, the smoking rooms where people can go smoke on the gaming floor. Look, smoking, there is no way to deny that smoking and gambling in Asia is very important. It's important to a lot of the people gamble there. So you'll be able to preserve that smoking ability by those who do smoke on the gaming floors. Probably Q1 2019 it kicks in. There'll be the one-year grace period. Yet it's enacted by 2018 Q1, but actually happens in Q1 a year later of 2019. So we'll have smoking. It will be confined to smoking rooms. We will build a lot of smoking room capacity in the next 24 months to get there. And it's an essential component for us and other operators. It's one of the big negatives in the newer buildings on Cotai. The lack of smoking is a big differentiator and hurtful to the business volumes over there. There's just no denying the appeal of smoking to a lot of Chinese consumers.
Jared Shojaian - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure. Thank you.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura Instinet. Harry, your line is now open.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: Thank you very much. I wanted to go back to Vegas for a moment. Very strong pricing in the first quarter probably helped by CON/AGG. Can you give us a sense for the balance of this year and also next, particularly with the opening, the re-opening of the Moscone Center and then eventually Ryman in Colorado? Give us a sense of your view on what a reasonable rate of room pricing growth should be over the next couple of years.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: You're talking about two different things. You're talking about the MICE business and whether or not there's competition from Denver and San Francisco. San Francisco and Denver have been there for a long time, period. The growing of facilities doesn't necessarily bring in additional events. What it usually does, my having spent 17, well, 43 years in the MICE business both as an organizer and as a supplier of facilities, what usually happens is they don't bring in additional shows, and maybe once in a while they get a very small show. But they don't loosen up dates. The existing shows grow and they want more space. So if they're building additional space, most likely a lot of it, I can't tell you what percentage, but more than 50% will be taken up by existing shows. And you still can't compete. These other countries, sorry, these other cities cannot compete with Las Vegas. Denver is still Denver no matter how much space they got. And San Francisco is still San Francisco, period, and although they're two great cities, they're not Las Vegas. People come to Las Vegas just to be entertained. The LVCVA put out a number, like, some time ago that said that only 14% of the people that come to Las Vegas come to gamble. So people come here for non-gambling. They come for bachelor parties, bachelorette parties. They come here just to enjoy what Las Vegas has to offer. And before I was in the business, I used to come for what Las Vegas had to offer. And other cities building, first of all, I don't know if you know that they've already built them or they're going to be finished and imminently, but it isn't going to make any difference. The city is still the city and expansion will be taken up mostly by, I'm not saying 50/50, I think it's much more than 50% by the existing shows that are growing.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Harry, it's Rob. I just think that, I think Sheldon's comments are spot-on. I think this city is unique.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: You can say that again.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I just think we're in a unique environment here. Great rooms, great diversity of pricing, great things to do, terrific weather. And in the last 20 years, all it does is it get better. I think the future here is very strong with the group business.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: And do you think that a couple of your operator colleagues in Vegas have established a 4% to 5% RevPAR growth target? Is that a reasonable growth rate assuming 2%-plus GDP growth nationally combined with no supply growth in Vegas?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We don't typically establish long-term growth rates for any of our business that we talk about publicly, but as a practical matter, we see very strong growth in both room nights and contracted rates on the forward calendar. But we won't comment on any growth rate. Our business will continue to grow as the market continues to strengthen.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: If you go to – I'm going to the San Francisco Bay Area and the average hotel price in a quality hotel is two to three, at least twice that of the best hotel in Las Vegas.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Right. We are still cheap relative to other markets. I think Sheldon's point's well taken. This is still a bargain of bargains. You look at the quality of these hotels and what they have to offer compared to some of these hotels you sleep in the Bay Area and L.A. This is still a real bargain.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: And paying two to three times as much money as the best room would go for here in Vegas.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: The high end of the market as well is where we operate. And some of our competitors with guidance out there have a much broader, deeper portfolio of low-end hotel inventory that they have to try to manage which is a different challenge than the one we have.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Instinet: That does it for me. Thank you very much.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thanks, Harry.
Operator: We have reached the allotted time for our Q&A and have time for one more question. And your last question comes from the line of Chad Beynon with Macquarie. Chad, your line is now open.
Chad Beynon - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just one from me regarding Sands Bethlehem which has been impressive amongst the regional assets but still tiny for your overall contribution. Could you help us think about how this fits into your portfolio and the thinking and given the strength in your other markets, how this works into the three to five-year plan? Thanks.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Well, clearly, it's a mismatch in terms of our Asia assets, even Las Vegas. But we also look for opportunities to invest our money intelligently. And I think Bethlehem represents a pretty extraordinary investment in terms of what we put into the market versus what it returns to us, although it's a small number, obviously, relative to our other assets. It's still a compelling investment. We're very proud of it. As you referenced it, it just keeps making more and more money and doing very, very well. I think it's the strongest producer of EBITDA in Pennsylvania. So having said that, I'll let Patrick talk about...
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I don't think there are too many regional properties around the country, even here in Vegas.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Right.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Bethlehem makes more money than some of the hotels.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We make more money than most hotels. Yeah.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hotels in Las Vegas.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: It does. It makes more than most hotels on the Strip. Patrick, you want to chime in?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think you covered it.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Okay. So we like Bethlehem. We'd like to find, obviously to your point though, it's a mismatch relative to the – when you're running a $4 billion, $5 billion EBITDA business, the $150 million or so is not material. But it's still a good investment. We're proud of it. And it had a very strong quarter.
Chad Beynon - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thanks, Chad.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-26 04:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Briggs - Investor Relations Sheldon Gary Adelson - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer & Treasurer Robert Glen Goldstein - President, Chief Operating Officer & Director Patrick Dumont - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Joe Greff - JP Morgan Harry Curtis - Instinet, LLC. Robin Farley - UBS Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank David Katz - Telsey Advisory Group
Operator: Welcome to the Las Vegas Sands fourth quarter 2016 earnings conference call. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Daniel Briggs. 
Daniel Briggs : Joining me on the call today is Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Patrick Dumont, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today’s conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor Provisions of federal securities law. The actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures. A definition and reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release. We also want to inform you that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our investor relations website for your use. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the Q&A session, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow up question so we might allow everyone with interest, to participate. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson.
Sheldon Gary Adelson : I’m pleased we continue to execute our strategic objectives during the quarter and delivered another strong set of financial results with companywide adjusted EBITDA reaching $1.12 billion US dollars, an increase of 6% over the prior year. Fully diluted earnings per share increased by 8% over the prior year to $0.64 per share. During the quarter our Macao operations achieved strong mass gaming revenue growth and delivered $610 million of adjusted property EBITDA including a solid first full quarter EBITDA at $95 Million US at Parisian. In Singapore, Marina Bay Sands continues to deliver steady cash flow supported by its mass gaming and non-gaming [inaudible].  The resilience and consistency in cash generation reflect both the strength of our business model and the geographic diversity of our cash flows which in turn underpins our balance sheet strength. Accordingly, we can and will continue to return excess cash to shareholders while maintaining our ability to invest in new development opportunities.  We’re excited by the recent legislative breakthrough in Japan to permit casino gaming within integrated resort. We believe our pioneering track record of creating the [inaudible] integrated resort, our development experience, and our financial strength put us in the pole position to take advantage of an opportunity in Japan and other new development opportunities in the horizon.  As I look back at 2016, the year began with still declining market revenues in Macao and the prospect of increased supply and competition. Despite these challenging conditions, we successfully opened another truly landmark must see destination resort in the Parisian Macao. The Parisian not only helped us drive double digit revenue growth in quarter four, but also greatly enhanced the critical mass benefits of our interconnected properties on the Cotai Strip as evidenced by our visitations growing 23% year-over-year in the fourth quarter.  As you may recall, I had first indicated back in January last year that we were seeing signs of stabilization in mass gaming revenues in Macao and in June our mass gaming revenues saw positive year-on-year growth for the first time in two years. This encouraging trend continued into the second half of the year as our mass table revenues grew by 6% year-over-year in quarter three and further accelerate to growth of 16% in quarter four driven by the first full quarter of the Parisian.  Our marketing efforts continue to pay dividends. Our Parisian Macao social media program has now exceeded two billion impressions. Two billion impressions. This awareness is translated into strong property visitation. Based on our customer surveys at the various points of entry in Macao since Parisian opened, the most visited casino resort in Macao remains the Venetian, but in second place was the Parisian.  Our strategy was to create a critical mass of interconnected resorts on Cotai. With the completion of the Parisian we have almost 13,000 hotel rooms in four interconnected resorts, over 840 stores across four shopping malls, two million square feet of meeting and exhibition space, and four performance an event venues including our Venetian Cotai arena which can be utilized either for our MICE or for major entertainment events. This critical mass of product and amenities allowed us to cater to virtually every type of visitor. Business and leisure visitors to Macao will be able to enjoy all of this and more under one roof and one destination. Because of our industry leading investments in MICE based integrated resorts in both Macao and Singapore we are unique in the absolute scale of our cash flow as well as our dominate share of the industry’s cash flow. Scale, diversity, and critical mass allow us to outperform our competitors.  This unique ability to generate consistent and industry leading cash flow in turn under pins our balance sheet strength. That balance sheet strength at 1.8 times net debt to EBITDA at the end of the fourth quarter, allows us to stay full committed to our development plans while continuing to return excess capital to shareholders. Again, this is unique in our industry. Now, let me give you some additional highlights of our results in Macao for the quarter. For quarter four, adjusted EBITDA from Macao operations was $610 million US, an increase of 5% against the prior year. Overall net revenues increased by 12% given the growth in mass gaming and non-gaming segments. There were some items that benefitted prior year’s fourth quarter and impact the year-on-year profit comparison which Rob and Patrick will explain later. Our cost efficiency programs have continued to track well. We achieved more than our stated goal of $60 million of incremental cost savings in 2016 and have realized more than $310 million US of annual cost savings since quarter one of 2015. Despite the significant increase in gaming and hotel capacity compared with the prior year quarter in the Macao market, our mass table gaming revenues grew by 16% year-over-year within which premium mass segment grew by 20%.  We experienced broad based growth across both premium mass and mass segments underpinned by our ability to drive increased patronage with hotel accommodations, shopping malls, and entertainment events. One item to note for the fourth quarter, we held towards the low end of our expected hold range in mass tables. We estimated low hold in mass tables particularly at the Parisian impacted our EBITDA negatively by between $15 million and $20 million US.  During the quarter hotel occupancy across our portfolio increased by almost four percentage points against the prior year to 89%, despite significant growth in both our own inventory and the inventory in the Macao market. This again, highlights our advantage during peak periods with the higher hotel occupancy feeding positively into our gaming and retail revenues. In the market where peak periods, the weekends and holidays, matter more than ever before and where mass market customers will generate the lion’s share of [inaudible] revenue and profit [inaudible].  Our capacity advantage was further strengthened by the addition of the Parisian. The Parisian Macao generated $95 million US in adjusted EBITDA in its first full quarter of operations. Mass table and slot revenue per day at Parisian was $2.2 million US, despite low non-rolling hold while hotel occupancy was 91%. The addition of the Parisian to our Cotai Strip development really takes our critical mass and diversity of offering to another level. This is the only MICE based integrated resort complex of this scale in the world.  The completion of the bridge between the Four Seasons and the Parisian in November has further increased the synergies in traffic and patronage between our properties. The foot traffic of approximately 14,000 per day in the month of December. It is also worth noting that despite the recent increase in the supply of luxury retail in Macao, our retail sales at the Four Seasons Retail Mall grew by 6% in quarter four.  In summary, we regard it as a privilege to contribute to Macao’s success in realizing its objectives at diversify its economy. Supporting the growth of local businesses, providing meaningful career development opportunities for its citizens including through our Sands Academy and reaching its full potential as [Asia’s] leading business and leisure tourist destination. We have steadfast confidence in both our and Macao’s future success.  Now, moving on to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. We delivered a solid quarter at Marina Bay Sands with EBITDA of $366 million US. Our mass win per day was in line with the prior year. At the same time Marina Bay Sands continues to service the most important reference site for emerging jurisdictions that are considering large scale integrated resort developments.  Now, let’s move on to my favorite subject, the return of capital to shareholders via dividends. The Las Vegas Sands Board of Directors last year improved an increase in our recurring dividend program of the 2017 calendar year to $2.92 US for the year or $0.73 per quarter. We remain committed to maintaining our recurring dividend program at both Las Vegas Sands and Sands China. Recurring dividends are the cornerstone of our return of capital policy and we remain committed to increasing those recurring dividends in the future as our cash flows grow.  Our industry leading cash flows, geographic diversity, and balance sheet strength enable us to continue our recurring dividend programs while retaining ample financial flexibility to invest for future growth and pursue new development opportunities.  We achieved many important strategic objectives in 2016. My original vision for the Cotai Strip in Macao was further realized with the completion of the Parisian. The new property enjoyed a strong opening against a backdrop of increased competition and has rapidly become a new landmark destination in Macao. The structural advantage from our unmatched critical mass and diversity of offering was evident in our strong financial results in the quarter and the year, both in Macao and globally.  All this enabled us to look ahead to the future with confidence. We have a strong organic growth outlook, we’re in a great position to pursue new development opportunities, and we have both the intent and the financial flexibility to continue to return excess capital to shareholders.  That concludes my prepared remarks and I want to thank you for joining us on the call today. Now, let’s take questions. 
Q - Shaun Kelley: I just wanted to maybe start with just the revenue picture in Macao. Obviously, it feels like on a year-on-year basis things have improved quite meaningfully, but as we start to look at the sequential movement between Q4 and Q3 it feels like you didn’t pick up a lot of market share when we compare your overall revenues to the market. So, I was kind of curious as Parisian’s ramping, do you think there’s more opportunity on the revenue line and how do you feel about your sort of steady state or your current market share?
Robert Glen Goldstein: Are you referencing all the portfolio or just the Parisian? Is your question about the Parisian’s future or the whole portfolio?
Shaun Kelley: It’s really the whole portfolio Rob. If I [inaudible] back to the envelope it looks like we’re looking like share was probably in the low 23% range and was actually slightly higher in Q3 than it was in Q4 when you had a full quarter of the Parisian.
Robert Glen Goldstein: Right. Let’s put Macao in context. Q2 of ’16 we did less than $500 million in EBITDA and yet in Q3 and Q4 cumulatively we did $1.240 billion of EBITDA. We successfully absorbed the Wynn opening and the Parisian opening. The Parisian did over $115 million in EBITDA for Q4 plus the 17 days it was open in Q3. In six months our run rate has improved to roughly based on Q3 and Q4 to about a $2.5 billion annual EBITDA run rate.  The big difference between Q3 and Q4 from my perspective is the hold percentage on the mass table side. It’s staggering these numbers, but we’re throwing off $5 billion this quarter of table drops so if you adjust the 1.3% miss Q-on-Q we were up $1.3 in Q3-over-Q4. It’s about $60 million of topline revenue. I know it’s not statistically important, because in the long run when you’re dropping $20 billion we’ll get to the right number, but we held less in Q4 than in Q3. Adjusted, we assume that number popped by about $60 million to $63 million. Again, we’re absorbing a lot of additional capacity. We have a lot of belief that the Parisian is going to get stronger and stronger. We have held incredibly poorly there, unfortunately, Sheldon referenced in his opening remarks, we actually held about 18% on a volume that was about $900 million, so that’s disappointing. The Parisian should have had another $15 million to $20 million to its numbers. It didn’t. That also holds true at the [SEC] did less, did about $19 and the same with the Plaza, so we had a little bit of, I wouldn’t call it bad luck, we just took the lower end of the range which adversely impacted the topline. On a go forward basis, we couldn’t be more bullish. We think we have the right assets, we think we have, in a market that’s clearly about scale and capacity, the lodging, the retail and gaming capacity to service the demand and that’s especially true, we believe, on high volume weekends and holidays like the one we’re going to have next week. This is the future Macao and we are at the epicenter of that future and the growth. We are very, very much a believer in double digit mass revenue on the tableside will translate very well in the future for us and we’re a big believer in Macao. We’ve come a long way in the last six months from where I think was not scary, but concerning time, in Q2. We feel a place of strength here in January. A lot of confidence in the future and a lot of confidence in the revenue growth.
Shaun Kelley: Just a quick follow up, did the promotional environment, or do you think the competitive landscape pick up a little bit in Q4 as people are starting to try and stabilize with what’s going on in the market? Did it feel differently than it felt for the first few weeks after the Parisian opening?
Robert Glen Goldstein: There’s always going to be a market [inaudible] experienced this massive [inaudible] drop of 70% and it’s just recurring a little healthiness. There is going to be some occasional signs of promotions. But again, in a mass market it is difficult to overspend, unless you’re just being silly about it. Can you provide a few meals or a few meals? Yes. A lot different than a high roller environment where the comp excess can be excessive. Do I think there’s a few things here and there? Yes. But, do I see in our portfolio or in others indications of massive over incenting or promotions? I do not.  I think the market remains pretty disciplined. We all recognize that in the end you’ve got to deliver margins and you can only give away so much against a mass market. I don’t think that’s the problem, I just think we need to see sustainable mass table growth and acceptable range of the whole percentage, to get us to a 650 or 675 number in the future. I don’t think we’re that far off in fact.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Greff - JP Morgan.
Joe Greff: Rob, just a question on the Parisian ramp throughout the fourth quarter. Would you say it adjusted for the high VIP holds and adjusted for the low win in premium mass? Would you characterize the property’s ramp as pretty consistent or accelerating throughout the quarter, or was it more even or did it decelerate through the quarter? If it was the later, to what would you attribute that?
Robert Glen Goldstein: I will reiterate what I said earlier, that is when you drop $900 million you hold only 18%, you kind of say to yourself you lost $25 million to $30 million right there and that’s not a pie in the sky number. Our historical holds is in the 21 to 22 range. So, I right away said, “Okay, give yourself a $25 million to $30 million kick there in a positive direction.” The VIP hold was a little high but it doesn’t really mean that much at the end of the day, it’s high but the truth is that that segment isn’t the key segment, it’s dwarfed by the importance of the contribution from the mass. It’s much more important.  I think that it was a steady ramp. I think in the Parisian there’s a couple things to think about. The bridge opened up in late November early December and that’s been a positive towards the ramp, that’s adding more body count inside there. Secondly, I mentioned the hold percentage which you can’t refute the fact that we should pick up three points there over the course of the year and we will. Three, I think the Parisian is going to keep ramping because as Sheldon referenced, two billion people have now went online and have looked at the Parisian somehow someway. That’s a staggering number from anyone’s perspective.  Lastly, I think we’re somewhat surprised at the strength of the premium mass demand for the Parisian. We positioned it more as a mass property. We’re rethinking the room mix, we’re adding some more suite product. It won’t kick in until late in ’17. My point is that we’re just so pleased at the results thus far. We’ve got a $400 million plus run rate. It should do a lot better once it beats a few more customers. We have some [inaudible] and good for them. One particular customer, she wins every day and she’s doing very well and she affected the numbers.  But, as we get the suite product right, as those impressions keep building, as that bridge keeps maturing the ramp will continue. I didn’t see a real change in numbers, it was pretty steady throughout. The Parisian is an unqualified winner. Any time you get $100 million roughly in the open like we did the first quarter and some change, that’s an impressive start but, there’s better days ahead for the Parisian. Lastly, I think the connectivity between Four Seasons, Venetian, and someday we’ll get the other produce across to SCC, that’s going to make that racetrack again, give us a very, very exciting set of assets all integrated working together, 13,000 sleeping rooms, 800 stores. The Parisian has got some great legs ahead of it.
Joe Greff: Sheldon, I was hoping maybe you could give us updated thoughts on any progress you might be making with monetizing or partly monetizing the retail mall at Singapore. I know you’re some months away before you have permission to do that, but are you premarketing that, are you soliciting levels of third-party interest? If you could give us some sort of an update.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: We are in preparation with our bankers to prepare that property to sell. We can’t sell it until March or April of this year, 2017. It isn’t going to take that long. The interest we have is that it is the highest trophy mall there is in the world. We anticipate almost an unprecedented price to sell 49% of it. We’re preparing but we can’t sell it until March anyway. We want to give enough time to the perspective buyers to do their due diligence and from what we’re told by a lot of people it is the best trophy mall there is in the world. We expect to receive a very heft, very significant price for the 49% we’re willing to sell.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harry Curtis - Instinet, LLC.
Harry Curtis: Just a quick follow up in Macao. You’ve walked through a little bit of the impact of bad luck, but according to the press release in Macao you did play lucky overall by about $44 million, so you must have held reasonably well elsewhere. Can you give us a little bit more color on that? I think most of us haven’t really had time to go through the details of the press release?
Robert Glen Goldstein: To put it in perspective, less than 10% of our business emanates form the junket segment that we reference in the luck factor. It may have thrown off a few more, but I’m looking at it right now on the whole portfolio, the profit segment coming out of junkets is roughly 9% what it is out of mass tables. We have not historically normalized mass tables, perhaps we should rethink that.  To put it in perspective for you, if we dropped $20 billion this year, which we think we’ll do more than that, and you think about range of $20 billion to $22 billion, two points could be $400 million. At the margin it’s probably about a couple million EBITDA, so obviously, very impactful. In the past the market’s always looked to normalization of the higher roller, the junket business, when in fact, in this market today, especially for our portfolio it’s not all that relevant. While you’re actually correct, we play lucky for a few million, the truth is the junket business just isn’t that impactful relative to the mass business and the mass business, the miss, was $67 million, depending on what number you use whether you use 2% or 3%, so it kind of negates it and adds some more volume. I’m not pretending that we didn’t play a little lucky in the junket, we did. But again, on a historical basis that’s been the focus when in fact, the focus has to shift at some point to the huge amount of money we’re doing.  I think in the end the volatility in this mass segment is always being trumped. In the end it works out just fine because our volumes are staggering, they’ll overcome the volatility. But, quarter-by-quarter my point is a miss like this, we could have easily had a $50 million increase, $60 million increase, had we held a point more. You wouldn’t have noticed it, it wouldn’t have appeared statistically important but it’s a fact and something you need to consider in the future. I think the junket thing should be minimalize based on the overall contribution to EBITDA mix.
Harry Curtis: I’m still a little bit confused. When you guys report 566 of hold adjusted property EBITDA, is that only adjusting the junket piece and not the mass piece?
Robert Glen Goldstein: Correct, you’re absolutely right. Which, it seems like we’re out of synch with what’s happening today, because you’re absolutely correct, we don’t adjust the hold percentage on the mass just on the junket and those numbers reflect that. That’s like the Parisian, the Parisian held a big lucky in the junket, but it was dwarfed by the $25 million to $30 million it could have gotten off the mass tables. Our normalization may be a little bit inaccurate in terms of what’s happening in the market today.  We may be alone, because no one does as much mass business we do due to the amount of tables, hotel rooms, etcetera, but nowhere I can think of is there $20 billion of table drop, mass table drop, in any jurisdiction. Again, that’s why I told you earlier, a couple of three points either way, $400 million, it’s impactful. 
Harry Curtis: Sheldon, if you could take a minute and describe what you believe will be the process from here in Japan and your thoughts on timing and possible potential ownership interest there.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: We’ve had somebody in Japan this past week who just came back yesterday, or the beginning of the week and the feeling about the partners is not very strong. They say that it’s not likely to be in the law. The law is being formulated by, I think, the interparty committee that was formed before the first law passed. They have one year to submit an implementation law that will determine the who, what, why, when, where, and how of how they’re going to establish the integrated resort with casino bill. I don’t have much more to offer than what you see in the press.  I’m going over there in about three weeks to give a talk at an event there, in the third week of February and I’m optimistic. Look, they’re basing this on our Singapore property. Prime Minister Abe has visited the property. He was very impressed with it and so I think it’s going to be modeled after our property the Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. I’m optimistic and people tell us we’re in the pull position in terms of getting the concession. Some people say the new bill that has to be done within a year could be less than a year or it could be the whole year. I really don’t have anything new to add to that other than what you’ve read in the press.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Farley - UBS.
Robin Farley: I wonder if you can give a little color, there have been some comments where permits for your management team in Macao that are not Macao residents are not going to be renewed. I wonder if you could talk a little bit if that was expected by you and would that affect anything that’s in place now?
Robert Glen Goldstein: I’m not sure what you’re referencing. I’m a little taken aback. What have you read that we didn’t read?
Robin Farley: It was a comment that there’s a goal to target a certain percent of Macao management, and originally this was a 2020 goal, but the comment in the papers in the last day is that they’d maybe like to see that this year instead of 2020.
Robert Glen Goldstein: I’m not comfortable referencing what you’re saying but I think the truth is, our team is probably already there. If we’re not there already I’d be surprised because I was there last month and I think most of our people at the management levels, the people I deal with every day the 100 or so people on the management side are all holders of the proper identification. I don’t think they have an issue.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I read it last night in the clippings. They’re proposing that by 2020 I think it is, sometime in the future there’ll be 85% of the senior management should be Macanese. 
Robin Farley: It was a 2020 suggestion that they might want to see this year was what the media was suggesting.
Robert Glen Goldstein: They can look at it right now as far as I’m concerned. Our team, I look on the table there and I think we’re there. I don’t think we have any issues because we’ve been doing this for the last two years, we’re big believers in that approach and support the government’s agenda. We’d like to have all Macanese people and so I don’t think we have an issue today and by 2020 I’m sure we won’t have an issue. I don’t think it’s relevant to us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Felicia Hendrix - Barclays. 
Felicia Hendrix: Rob, regarding some performance in Macao, I just wanted to revisit. For Sands Cotai Central and Venetian in the quarter, just kind of looking at the numbers that you reported, might say that the Parisian was cannibalizing these properties. We talked a lot about holds so maybe it makes that noisy or maybe it’s because the connectors not up yet, but I was just wondering if I could hear your take on that.
Robert Glen Goldstein: Let’s start with the fact that the new property, obviously you know Galaxy, Studio City, Wynn Palace, you’re talking about 4,500 hotel rooms and 600 new gaming tables in the last year and a half and so obviously, we’re looking at a huge increase in capacity both lodging and gaming. Then, you add the Parisian and then of course the SCC, the St. Regis, with another 3,400 rooms, another 125 tables, so huge increases.  As it relates to the Venetian having just been there, I don’t know how much more we can do at the Venetian. It continues to be a billion plus property. I don’t think it’s being cannibalized. I’ll tell you one thing we are experiencing at the Venetian is the Parisian is a great looking property that people gravitate to. The sleeping rooms have not been as well received by some of the better customers who then move towards the Venetian and Four Seasons. I think if anything, the Venetian had a pretty good quarter. It held fine, it had no issues with luck, it had plenty of business across the board. If it runs at 1.1 or so I’m pretty happy with that performance. We’re redoing some rooms there and making the floor fresher and newer. We keep making sure that place stays at the number one position in Macao. But as far as appeal and people wanting to go there it just continues to amaze me how powerful it is after a decade of operation. The SCC is a different story. SCC I think is the polar opposite of the Parisian meaning that the SCC it did have a very tough quarter in terms of hold. It held on the mass 19.1 on a basis of $1.4 billion so that didn’t help that we clearly left behind significant dollars there. Based on a 2% or 3% move it could have been $20 million to $30 million more. Having said that, I think the weakness in SCC might come from the fact that the Parisian is so damn attractive that the mass customer just gravitates to the Parisian. It’s a fact of life. On the flip side, the who wants to sleep in a better facility might go back to the SCC after he sees the Parisian or the Venetian. It doesn’t have the connectivity. If anybody would tell me if one property gets sort of bit I would point to the SCC. I think the Parisian has been helping the Venetian and helping the Four Seasons Plaza property. I think we’ve got some things happening which we can’t talk about in this call at SCC that will help its attractively. Both there’s a new attraction coming in there in the future as well as the bridge will come along. Our connectivity bridge from the SCC to the Four Seasons will help the SCC. 
Sheldon Gary Adelson: To the Parisian.
Robert Glen Goldstein: Right, to the Parisian. I think in the end the side of the street where the Parisian, and the Venetian, and the Four Seasons is feels very good, not cannibalized. If anyone’s vulnerable a bit, it could be the SCC. Most of our high end business stays there because of the room product. It doesn’t have the mass business we’d like to get over there. It had a disappointing quarter from my perspective, down $50 million from Q3 and nowhere to hide that. A disappointing margin, a little bit of hold percentage probably could have popped through, over 31%, but you’re right if anybody was affected it may have been the mass customer who now finds his or her way to the Parisian.
Felicia Hendrix: Just reminds us when the connector opens?
Robert Glen Goldstein: The bridge will open end of ’17. We have so many different things happening. There are a couple of other things happening at the SCC, but the connector bridge was approved by the board, it’s in develop mode now, so Q4 ’17? A - DD We’re talking about the pedestrian bridge, not the bridge from Hong Kong Airport?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: It’s essentially a raised air conditioned sidewalk connecting what we refer to as parcel six which is the Sheraton at two towers at 2,000 rooms each, 2,000 keys that connects to the bridge. The connection gives us a complete racetrack type connection. It’s unprecedented anywhere in the world that there are 13,000 rooms connected without having to leave the building. You don’t have to go outside to connect all those rooms of different price points and all that retail, 840 or 850 retail shops, and the entertainment and the gaming, and the restaurants. There’s no place in the world like this.  Once we get that bridge open, but we’ve got to promote the heck out of it so that people will understand it’s a once in a lifetime kind of experience.
Robert Glen Goldstein: We need government approval on that bridge. We don’t expect it to be an issue, but we are waiting for government approval before construction begins. 
Felicia Hendrix: Moving on from that now, I wanted to ask about the Parisian and the EBITDA margins there and where you might expect margins to stabilize for the property? Or, maybe looking at it another way, which property should the Parisian be most similar to in terms of op ex per day?
Robert Glen Goldstein: That’s a good question. Sheldon would say the Venetian and I would agree with him. I think the Parisian, by the way let’s be clear, a couple of things to think about, a brand new property just getting its sea legs. We’re spending more on advertising and more on promotion to get that thing off the ground. We’re very proud of the money we’re spending, we believe it will yield large term dividends, but short term we’re spending money there to make sure that property gets significant awareness.  We think we’ve been vindicated so far because it’s performance is pretty good for a starting property. Two, I had mentioned earlier we were thrilled about the premium mass demand but a lot of these customers don’t want to stay - we don’t have enough accommodations for them so we’re going to accelerate some room growth into some larger rooms for some of these better paying mass who now will stay at SCC, or Wynn, or Galaxy or somewhere. There, I think your margins should resemble the Venetian down the road with one exception, it will never have the retail portfolio we have at the Venetian, obviously. But I don’t think it’s acceptable to be at [inaudible]. To Harry’s comment a couple of calls back, we on the junket side at the Parisian, we did play luck at 4.2%, but the contribution is not that terrific from the junket side. The fact is had the Parisian looked like the Venetian, it would have picked up $33 million more in mass table win.  The Parisian is going to be a machine of mass table play, it just is and as that margin will move, as that EBITDA will move, as that hold percentage drifts to a more normalized range. If this thing had picked up three or four points, you could have had a $125 million quarter, but it didn’t. It just didn’t play that way with luck. We had a couple of very exceptional pieces of bad luck which is fine, that will even out in time. But once we get that thing fully ramped, I don’t know if we’ll ever get the retail contribution because again, the Venetian retail is much larger and much more impactful, and we’ll never get the room rate the Venetian gets, but I do think on the gaming side we should be able to achieve margins that resemble the Venetian and it should hold its way. I think the Parisian has some great days ahead of it once we get the rooms right, get the bridge fully operational, pull out some of the advertising, and opening costs. This is a brand new building, it’s an infant and infants take a little more care and more money to get them there. The Venetian is an old girl, she’s been around 10 years, she’s made $10 billion, she’s not quite an infant. When we get this thing in place we have a wonderful racetrack of properties, as Sheldon has talked about it before, it’s all integrated, it’s powerful stuff. I think the Parisian is going to perform very, very well and you’ll be pleased in the future with how it shows up in the margin line.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli: Sheldon, you talked a little bit about the potential for a 49% stake sale of the Singapore mall, any sense of how you’re thinking about proceeds from that in terms of repatriation of the cash and maybe intentions you would have with it were you to be successful in that sale?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Not should we be successful on the sale, we will be successful. We haven’t decided what we’re going to do with it. We’re waiting to see. There are more noises coming out of Korea now that Japan is talking about legalizing casino gaming. There are more noises coming out of Korea. I’m not saying it is as good a prospect right now as Japan has shown itself, but it could happen. Korea could happen. Before we decide what we’re going to do with the money, we’ll want to see what the development opportunities are. We can always get money to develop properties.  We have a very good relationship with the bank. We rewrote one of our bank loans for 25 basis points less and we didn’t give them any more. We just thought we should have 25 basis points less. Our CFO came up with the idea, he called the banks and they just dropped the rate. I asked him why he didn’t ask for 50 basis points and maybe even 100.  When I think back to the time when I was actually poor and it took everything I had to borrow $10,000 from a bank and when I look at money now I look at all the banks we have in our portfolio and I see they’re all willing to go to the max. We can get a number of banks each that will give us $400 million; each. We can get plenty of money. But, we haven’t decided what we’re going to do with it yet.
Carlo Santarelli: Rob, if I could, obviously the hold issue or I should say the margin issue has been kind of talked about quite a bit on the call. One of the questions that I kind of have is as you think about the promotional environment, and it looks like your promos as a percentage of mass gaming revenue in the period were up about 90 bips year-over-year, I’m assuming a lot of that relates to the Parisian coming online, etcetera. But, could you maybe talk a little bit about what you’re seeing in terms of promotional activity on the mass and what maybe some of the competitive response has been?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I just want to finish my answer to your question before. We’re looking at potentially $3 billion to $3.5 billion US on the sale of 49%. That alone tells you it will be the most expensive mall every sold in the world.
Carlo Santarelli: Sheldon, when you say we’re looking at, is that kind of where indications of interest have been or is that kind of what you’re targeting as what you want for the sale and maybe they’re on in the same?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I would really like to see [inaudible] a full handle. I think that’s unrealistic. I’m pretty sure that we’ll end up in that range, it’s what people are talking about. As a matter of fact, I’m like Donald Trump, I think I’ve been a good negotiator, I might want to do a little better job than what the market wants to do for us. 
Robert Glen Goldstein: Having been doing this for too many years, I was in Macao last month looking at that very issue with our team and visiting properties. One of the great things about our business is the high roller business is always fraught with over spending, and over promotion, and over incenting. It’s just the nature of the beast, because when people lose that kind of money the sales people in management tend to gravitate and spend too much. It has just been a part of my world for 35 years. In Macao that beast has gone away because it’s become a mass, premium mass market. There’s not as much to give away. Free rooms, what a free bus ride, a comp’d meal. I wish we could give away more rooms, because when we give away a room we make a lot more money than when we sell a room. Unless, you look at more aggressive comping of rooms and dropping theoretical rates as over comping; I don’t.  If you’re getting $1,000 a night and you drop it to $700, that’s still a very good investment in your gaming floor and use of your lodging capacity. I don’t see it. I know people want to hear that there’s over incenting and over promotional activities in Macao, I just don’t see it. I think we deal with some very, very smart people over there. They’re patiently waiting. Are there more buses going into the terminal and more people getting on frequent flyers? Yes. Are there more free rooms? Maybe. But, I don’t think over incenting is the issue. To your comment about our margin, I think that margin gets cured very quickly when you normalize or you simply give yourself a higher end of the range. I don’t want to make it sound like we under held by some dramatic number, it wasn’t, but the point is on $20 billion, $20 billion think about that number, a few points means a lot of money. We can look very smart next quarter, we hold 22 instead of 19, all of a sudden the margins will go up by 4% or 5%. I think that’s the bigger issue and so on a quarter-by-quarter basis when you examine these figures and look at margins with a very strong look, I think that’ll move depending on a little bit of luck and hold percentage. I don’t think it’s going to be an issue of over incenting or over promoting. I mean that is true for our competitors as well as us. I don’t see Macao as a market out of control.
Carlo Santarelli: Do you think the statistical hold percentage on the mass side in Macao, is 22 the midpoint of where you think that number should be theoretically? 
Robert Glen Goldstein: I don’t have a good answer and I’ll tell you why. We think it’s in the range of 20 to 22 and I think it’d be crazy to try to pin down an exact number, I think a range is more acceptable because, there’s always issue of false drop, there’s things you can’t always take into account. But, I think in the range of 20 to 22 is a reasonable range. But, my point is even though it may not be statistically important, when you think about 19.2 versus 22.2, three points on a billion dollars, on $10 billion, on $100 billion, the movement is significant, it could make these results skew dramatically in our favor, or as in this quarter we look a little weak on the margin at 32.9 versus 36.5. But, last quarter we held 22.4 and we held this quarter 21.1. 1.3% on $5 billion, it causes some margin erosion. My point is not that we’re looking to control it or give you an exact number, but bet aware that is something that is going to get more and more important. We’ve built something in Macao. What we’ve put together is unique and 13,000 rooms, and all those different hotels, and all those retail, and all that gaming ability. This weekend the numbers are going to be off the chart huge and so we could hold lucky and have an incredible weekend or miss by five or six points and not. It’s not something we can control, it’s not something I want to spend more time on, but it’s a fact of our world that you can’t ignore that massive number. It’s much more important than a few points on the junket side.
Operator: Your last question comes from David Katz - Telsey Advisory Group.
David Katz: What we’ve observed, and heard about, and read about over the past three to six months are a couple of things: some increasing comfort on the part of junkets and VIP players with returning to Macao; and second, some changes in the Chinese economy and commodity prices that have, I think, by all accounts increased performance and our expectations over the past few months from where they would have been three to six months ago. That I think appears somewhat momentary but I’d like your views and context around that and how sustainable you think the GGR trends that we’ve been seeing and hearing are throughout the next couple of quarters, or the remainder of the year in whatever context you can discuss it?
Robert Glen Goldstein: We’re dead flat year-on-year on the junket volume. We’re at 10.89 versus 9.05 so I don’t see us experience it. Where I think we do experience it, gratefully and thankfully, is in the premium mass side and the mass market. That’s where I think we’re seeing the impact and the increase in play. The reason I’m grateful is because it’s much higher margin business and it’s, I believe, much more sustainable than the junket model.  I would be not being honest with you if I told you I understand whether commodity prices impact that business or not. I do sense in China and I do sense in our business in Macao, a return to a little more confidence by the customer. Our sales people tell us that. we see more belief in what’s happening in China and more comfort. But, for me to make a macro statement that’s going to be across the economy, I can’t do that. I can only tell you what we hear. Only 1% or 2% of all China visits Macao. Our sample size tells us that our premium mass customers feel better, they’re spending more, the volumes indicate that and that’s the bread and butter of Macao, not the junket business. We believe that’s sustainable. Our model will be vindicated and will be a big participant in the growth of those numbers in 2017 and beyond. That’s my take on that.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: The clippings from Macao say that [inaudible] the new head of the DOCJ or DOCOJ, whatever it is, it’s an acronym for the Portuguese name on what we call the gaming control boards. He said that there is only going to be about 120 or just a couple more junket licenses given out. When I think of how many there were in 2014 before the drop back in the business, there were 250 to 270 junkets licensed. Now, there’s only going to be 120. There’s a big difference and when you’re talking VIP versus mass and premium mass, you’re talking like a win is a VIP house, we’re a mass and a premium mass house. We do have some of the VIP market, but to us it’s not as important, it’s only a single digit percentage of our total EBITDA.
David Katz: If I can just follow that up and ask about capital allocation. Your position on dividends has always been clear, but as we look forward if you could talk about cap ex that you may be thinking about for the future, share repurchase, and how you’re thinking about that as well as your well understood dividend policy, that would help.
Patrick Dumont: If you look on page 32 of the earnings presentation that we posted to the website, you can see that there’s a tail off in our cap ex as our development projects complete over the next two years. The key thing is that as we continue to grow EBITDA and grow cash flow from the operating assets that we have, we’ll also have a reduced cap ex burn that will hopefully even out to be approximately $500 million of maintenance cap ex per year. Our cash flow profile will change materially from where we are today, assuming that we’re able to achieve this. The key thing here is, while we said that the dividend is a cornerstone of our internal capital policy, and you can see the board and the chairman’s commitment to increasing the dividend overtime as our cash flows grow, there’ll also be an opportunity for us to return cash through share repurchases as these cash flows materialize. The other thing is hopefully we’ll have an opportunity in Japan, or an opportunity in Korea, or other new growth in a high growth jurisdiction where we’ll be able to deploy this capital and get a very high investment return.  Do we feel like we have the financial flexibility with our balance sheet to be able to return capital in the near term? As our cap ex tails off we’ll be able to return of capital and hopefully we’ll have an opportunity in new jurisdictions to really grow shareholder returns by investing in new MICE based integrated resorts. That’s kind of the blueprint, it’s what the board talks about at every meeting and hopefully as time progresses we’ll have an opportunity to make those investments to grow and create shareholder value. 
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-04 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.
Analysts: Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd. Jon Oh - CLSA Americas LLC Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Las Vegas Sands Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Daniel Briggs.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you. Joining me on the call today are Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Patrick Dumont, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Federal Securities Laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures, a definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release. We also want to inform you that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website for your use. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the Q&A session, we ask that you limit yourself please to one question and one follow-up question, so we might allow everyone with interest to participate. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased we continued to execute our strategic objectives during the quarter and delivered a strong set of financial results with company-wide adjusted EBITDA reaching $1.140 billion, an increase of 9% over the prior year. The quarter was distinguished by an outstanding result in Macao where we achieved solid growth in mass gaming revenues, increased our EBITDA and profit margin, and opened The Parisian Macao with a smashing success. In Singapore, Marina Bay Sands continues to deliver steady cash flow, with adjusted property EBITDA being in line with last year. With the resilience and consistency in cash generation, we've flexed both the strength of our business model and the geographic diversity of our cash flow, which, in turn, underpins our balance sheet strength. Accordingly, we can and will continue to return excess cash to shareholders while maintaining our ability to invest in new development opportunities. As you may recall, I had first indicated back in January that we were seeing signs of stabilization in mass gaming revenues in Macao. And in June, our mass gaming revenues saw positive year-on-year growth for the first time in two years. I'm pleased to say that this encouraging trend continued in the third quarter. Our mass table revenues grew by 6% year-over-year, the first quarter of positive growth since quarter three of 2014. This growth rate accelerated to 15% in the month of September as we benefited from the strong opening of The Parisian Macao. Nine years ago, we opened The Venetian Macao, which was the first step in realizing my vision for the Cotai Strip, a critical mass of MICE space Integrated Resorts that will contribute to the development of Macao as the world's center for leisure and business tourism. The opening of Parisian Macao not only significantly enhances our critical mass in the Cotai Strip, but adds another themed, iconic sea destination in Macao that will be complementary to The Venetian Macao. While I never doubted The Parisian's broad-based success, it was nonetheless very gratifying to see the property open with such strong patronage across all its different facilities and amenities. For the first 18 days of operations, adjusted property EBITDA averaged $1.1 million per day, and daily visitations to The Parisian exceeded 40,000. We experienced no noticeable cannibalization at our existing properties after the opening of The Parisian. And if anything, we saw an increase in activity in the hotels on our Cotai Strip development, and including the casinos. Our marketing efforts leading up to the property opening clearly paid dividends. A Parisian Macao hashtag on major Chinese social media channels recently exceeded – listen to this, 1.2 billion views and impressions. To the best of our knowledge, this is unprecedented. This awareness has translated into strong property visitation. Based on our customer surveys at the various points of entry, in Macao, since The Parisian opening, the most visited casino resort in Macao remains The Venetian, but the second place was Parisian. My strategic vision was to create a critical mass of interconnected resorts in Cotai. With the completion of The Parisian, we have almost 13,000 hotel rooms and four interconnected resorts. Over 840 stores across four shopping malls, 2 million square feet of meeting and exhibition space, and four performance and event venues, including our Venetian Cotai Arena, which can be utilized either for our MICE business or for major entertainment events. This critical mass of product and amenities allows us to cater to virtually every type of business. Business and leisure visitors to Macao will be able to enjoy all of these and more under one roof, at one destination, without ever leaving the buildings. You'll never leave air conditioned space. Because of our industry-leading investments in MICE space Integrated Resorts in both Macao and Singapore which places us in the pole position when it comes to emerging market opportunities, we are unique in the absolute scale of our EBITDA and cash flow as well as in our dominant share of the industry's EBITDA and cash flow. Scale, diversity and critical mass allow us to outperform our competitors. Our ability to generate consistent and industry-leading cash flow in turn underpins our balance sheet strength. That balance sheet strength at 2 times net debt to EBITDA at the end of the third quarter allows us to stay fully committed to our development plans, while continuing to return excess capital to shareholders. Again, this is unique in our industry. Now, let me give you some additional highlights of our results in Macao for the quarter. For quarter three, adjusted EBITDA from Macao operations was $629 million, an increase of 15% against the prior year and an increase of 29% against the prior quarter. Growth was driven by strong mass gaming revenues, continued execution on cost efficiency programs, and higher hold in the premium direct segment. Hold-normalized EBITDA was $565 million, up 5% against the prior year and up 14% against the prior quarter. Hold-normalized EBITDA margin in our Macao operations improved to 34.7%, an increase of 170 basis points against the prior year, primarily reflecting cost efficiencies and improved business mix. Rob and Patrick can elaborate on this later. We have realized more than $300 million of annual cost savings since quarter one of 2015, and we also achieved our annualized cost avoidance of $140 million by leveraging consistent resources for the opening of The Parisian. Sustainability, including energy efficiency, is a strategic imperative for the company, and we are proud that The Parisian Macao is our most energy efficient property to date. The Parisian Macao is targeting LEED silver certification for new construction and would be the first Integrated Resort in Macao to achieve this distinction to the entirety of its operation. LEED certification addresses sustainability measures, including energy and water efficiency, waste management, and indoor air quality. We are proud that our focus on sustainability will help us minimize the impact we have on the environment while also providing a financial benefit in the future. Our mass table gaming revenue, in total, grew by 6% year-over-year, while our premium mass segment grew by 15%, a solid result given the significant increase in gaming and hotel capacity in the market. We experienced broad-based growth across premium mass and mass segments, underpinned by our ability to drive increased patronage with hotel accommodation, shopping malls, and entertainment events. During the quarter, which included the peak summer season, hotel occupancy across our portfolio increased by almost 4 percentage points against the prior year to 90%, despite significant growth in both our own inventory and that of the markets. This, again, highlights our advantage during peak periods, with the higher hotel occupancy feeding positively into our gaming and retail revenues. In a market where peak periods, weekends and holidays, matter than ever before, and where mass market customers will generate the lion's share of future revenue and profit growth, our capacity advantage was further strengthened by the opening of The Parisian. The Parisian Macao generated $19 million in adjusted EBITDA in its first 18 days of operation. Mass table and slot revenue per day at The Parisian was $2.6 million while hotel occupancy was 88%. Not only has The Parisian been successful as a standalone property, I believe The Parisian also benefits our entire Cotai portfolio. Our overall Macao property visitations increased by 19% in September compared to the same month in the prior year. The Plaza and Four Seasons property in particular has experienced an uplift in visitation and business volumes since The Parisian opened. It is also worth noting that despite the recent increase in the supply of luxury retail in Macao, our retail sales at Four Seasons Mall grew by 7% in September. The completion of the bridge between Four Seasons and The Parisian in late November will further increase the synergies in traffic and patronage between our properties. Last night, I got a call from Wilfred Wong, our President of Macao, confirming that we will open by the end of November. We'll open that bridge, pedestrian bridge connecting The Parisian with Lot 2. We remained fully committed to playing the pioneering role in Macao's transformation into Asia's leading business and leisure tourism destination. Our track record in being transformative pioneers in nice retail and entertainment speaks for itself. In summary, we regard it as a privilege to contribute to Macao's success in realizing its objective of diversifying its economy, supporting the growth of local businesses, providing meaningful career development opportunities for its citizens, including through our Sands Academy, and reaching its full potential as Asia's leading business and leisure tourism destination. Regarding Sands Academy, we were the first ones in Macao to include a career development center of this scale, of any scale, in our operations from the beginning. Our first career development center was opened nine years ago on August 28, 2007, when we first opened The Venetian Macao. We have been committed to the career growth of our team members since the beginning. We have steadfast confidence in both our and Macao's future success. Now moving on to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. We delivered a solid quarter at Marina Bay Sands with EBITDA of $391 million. Hold-normalized EBITDA was $368 million. Our mass win-per-day was in line with prior year and grew 6% against the prior quarter in constant currency. Electronic gaming revenue reached an all-time quarterly record when measured in Singapore dollars. The hotel continued its strong performance with occupancy of 98% and an ADR of $475, which was an all-time record for Marina Bay Sands and a 10% increase compared to the prior-year quarter. Our retail mall continued to outperform the Singapore market, with tenant sales per square foot for the year ending September 30 of approximately $1,400. Let's move on to my favorite subject, yay (16:07) dividends, the return of capital to shareholders. The Las Vegas Sands board of directors has approved a $0.04 increase in our recurring dividend program for the 2017 calendar year, bringing our annual dividend to $2.92 or $0.73 per quarter. We remain committed to maintaining our recurring dividend programs at both Las Vegas Sands and Sands China, and we remain committed to increasing those recurring dividends in the future as our cash flows grow. At the same time, we will remain opportunistic in returning excess capital via our share repurchase program. The Las Vegas Sands board has authorized the amount remaining under the price stock repurchase program for another two years. While we chose not to repurchase any stock this quarter, we look forward to continuing to utilize the stock buyback program to return excess capital to shareholders and to enhance long-term shareholder returns in the future. Our industry-leading cash flows, geographic diversity, and balance sheet strength enable us to continue these recurring dividends and stock repurchase programs, while retaining the financial strength to invest for future growth and pursue new development opportunities. This was another quarter in which we accomplished many important strategic objectives. My original vision for the Cotai Strip in Macao was further realized with the addition of The Parisian and the new property enjoyed a very strong opening. The structural advantage created by our unmatched critical mass and diversity of offering was very clearly displayed in our strong financial results during the quarter both in Macao and globally. All of this enables us to look ahead to the future with confidence. We have a strong organic growth network. We're in a great position to pursue new development opportunities and we have both the intent and the financial strength to continue to return excess capital to shareholders. Before we get to questions, I would like to welcome Lawrence Jacobs, known as Lonnie (18:46), our new General Counsel to our company. Lonnie (18:51) brings a wealth of experience, and we look forward to his contributions in the years ahead. Thank you for joining us on the call today and now we'll take some questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hey, Shaun.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Congratulations on the strong quarter. I was just wondering if you could maybe comment on there's increasing press around the possibilities of potential legislation in Japan. So obviously, it had been an area you've been focused on for years. So, could you give us maybe the latest update and what you're hearing on the ground there?
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: What we're hearing from various people is anywhere from 99% to 100% certainty the bill is going to come up this Diet session, but we got to look at the bill, the original bill. They may have changed it since, but the original bill called for a one-year period to determine the who, what, when, where, why, and how of Integrated Resort with casino. So, we got to see what happens over the next year. Are we there? We are there. We have people there. We have a head of Asian Global Development, George Tanasijevich. They're – quite frequently, I go not frequently but not infrequently. And I'm going again, I think, in a month or so.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yes.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I'm going in December. We'll see what the bill says when it passes. We are in touch with Osaka quite frequently. And I think that Osaka, from the scuttlebutt we hear, thinks that we are the best company to do that. Of course, we got to consider what position that will put us in vis-à-vis Tokyo. So, we don't know whether or not they'll allow one foreign company to have two locations, or they might do more than two locations. In any event, it's very optimistic, and I've always stated, based upon my many visits and conversations with people in Korea that if Japan legalizes casino gaming for its population, that Korea will rapidly do the same thing. We don't know that for sure, but that's speculation.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And maybe just a quick follow-up would be, turning to The Parisian which is obviously extremely strong in the first 18 days, one of the big questions we've gotten from investors since our trip over there is how much of the growth is just euphoria around the opening. So any color you could provide to us on how patterns or trends are continuing into October here, early in November would be great.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah. Unfortunately, we're not going to comment on current quarter, but we'll be happy to update you in January how we did.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hello, everybody. Two questions, one on Macao then one on Singapore. On Macao, can you talk about what the competitive response has been since The Parisian opened both from newer properties and older existing ones? And then on Singapore, mass win per day of $4.8 million in the 3Q showed some nice sequential growth. Can you talk about what's driving that and is it just seasonality or is there something more than just seasonality? Thank you.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hey, Joe. It's Rob. I'll take Singapore first. As you know, we had a weak quarter last quarter in that most critical segment, the non-rolling slot ETG segment. We're disappointed. We were honest about that three months ago. We're very happy to see a return to what's been the status quo for a couple of years at $4.8-plus million a day at a 60-plus percent margin. We said more activity on the floor of both foreign – mostly foreign activity, we had more overnight stays from Indonesia, Malaysia driving that, really encouraging because as we said to you, time and time again, maybe ad nauseam that that is the segment drives MBS. So, it was a great return for the quarter, solid performance, more foreign visitation, more use of the MBS room product and I think the aberration of Q2 is behind us. So, we feel very good about that, a bit of a sigh of relief after a weak Q2. As for Macao, as Sheldon referenced in his opening remarks, we're just really encouraged by the must-see destination appeal of that property and I would say to you that it's more encouraging than, I think Sheldon's comments said it very well in terms of – it's a destination resort that's got all kinds of traffic and all kinds of people pouring in everyday. So perhaps the most encouraging thing to us though is the positive impact we are seeing at Four Seasons, Venetian. Sheldon referenced the retail uptick into Four Seasons, but we're seeing also uptick in the retail mall, the room demand. The Venetian had a very strong quarter. We feel encouraged that our strategy of critical mass and running this 12,000 or 13,000 co-sites almost as one resort. We almost see it as one integrated resort with 13,000 sleeping rooms, plenty of casino capacity, 13,000 restaurant seats, 800 retail stores, and the ability through pricing power, diverse...
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: 850.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: 850.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Don't cut us short.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Okay 850. I tried to cheat us by 50 stores, but I think the truth is we're seeing renewed power there and energy into our buildings, and it gives us unique pricing power, it gives us the ability to offer the customers diversity. If you want the Four Seasons versus the Holiday Inn, all kinds of retail, I think you've been to retail in The Parisian. It's extraordinary. It is not the same stuff you see in the rest of Macao. And what makes this so wonderful is, it is diverse, it is different, more fashion-forward, and the theming is great. And curbside appeal of The Parisian theming is great. But as well we're doing at Parisian, we're even more encouraged by the synergistic feel we are getting for the rest of the buildings. As for the competition, I really can't say they're much different. I think a lot of people are happy to see The Parisian open because it creates more traffic in that critical Cotai corridor and it grabs more trial into Cotai. So, I think everyone is benefiting honestly from The Parisian traffic. It's clearly been a very, very powerful opening, and we benefit mostly, as you know, Sheldon's critical mass strategy is most in evidence when there's holidays, weekends, high-volume periods, that's when we really drive some terrific numbers. And I think we're seeing that again and again with The Parisian. Everybody is participating. I think all the new properties got a little taste of the business coming to Cotai, coming to see The Parisian, but I think we're benefiting more than anybody. I think we're benefiting because we have a 13,000 room IRR there. So very encouraged by both its performance, its impact, and we hope our competitors share our enthusiasm.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Joseph, I just like to add to that, if I may. This is Joe, right?
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah, it's Joe.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Everybody would reasonably think that if we opened another property on the Cotai Strip that we would have some cannibalization of the other property. The amazing thing is that not only do we not have cannibalization, we have improvement in visitation and improvement in business in our other properties. Look, this is the only property of its type in the world. It is a behemoth, single hotel with 850 retail stores. We put Macao on the retail map, unquestionably. We have 2 million square feet of MICE space. We have actually six casinos because Lots 5 and 6 are two different casinos, although we count the whole thing as Sands Cotai Central 1. As soon as we open the connection between The Parisian and the Four Seasons, we can safely and accurately say that you don't have to leave the building or an air-conditioned space to go to any one of the 13,000 hotel rooms, none. You don't have to leave air-conditioned space. What other property in the world has that? There's no city in the world that has it. This is truly the Cotai Strip.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Actually, Joe, what Sheldon just spoke about is in sync with that market today. What's really happening is the mass market driven by lots of body count, lots of overnight stays, lots of demand for retail and restaurants and sleeping rooms. I think we have the right product that's in sync with the market in Macao today, and it's reflective in these numbers, and as that market continues to ramp forward, ramp up, I think we'll be a very, very happy participant.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Appreciate the comments. Thank you.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hi. Just...
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hi, Harry.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: ...wanted – hey, Sheldon. Hi. It's probably a question for you because I wanted to focus on the midweek group meeting and association business. The midweek tends in Macao to be quite a bit softer than the weekend, other than holidays. And so, I just want to get your point of view on the opportunity to change the mix of group meeting and associations midweek, and what might the revenue lift look like once you begin targeting that market more seriously?
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Well, we've been targeting the market seriously, but there was a potpourri of different properties. Now that we'll have 13,000 rooms that you won't have to leave the building to access, it's going to make quite a bit of difference. That will be a real plus to attract various groups. We just had a 20,000-person group when we were there. It took up all our hotels in Macao. So we're putting a pedestrian walkway between Lot 6, which is the southernmost end of Sands Cotai Central and The Parisian. That will be a very big and very productive pedestrian overpass. Once you have the Cotai Strip and that many rooms and that many ballrooms, exhibition space, ballrooms, and breakout meeting rooms, there's no place like it in the world. So, this ought to attract an awful lot of other people. People could come to a city, go to a – excuse me, a MICE event and never have to leave the building. They won't have to rent cars. They will just take a bus or a taxi to one of the hotels, and then they can go anywhere. Go ahead.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Can I jump in, Harry, just behind Sheldon? It's Rob. I just want give you a little historical context. Twenty-some years ago when we started here in Las Vegas, as you well know, there was no one who wanted to put hotel rooms to convention customers because we were seen as, how can I say it politely, we weren't seen in favor of midweek rooms. In fact, people used to fight against COMDEX and fight against conventions and fight against groups. Obviously, that's all changed today. Any earnings call from any major Las Vegas company, that group segment that Sheldon pioneered has become the dominant reason why people can build hotel rooms here for midweek occupancy. It took many, many years, and a lot of people had to be turned around the non-gaming potential. I think the same thing is happening, as you watch it evolve right now, the same philosophy is going to happen in Macao. For the first time, you've got an abundance of rooms. You don't have a plethora of VIP guests to fill those rooms. And so, I think our competitors as well as our 13,000 rooms are available for the first time. We have the group space that Sheldon built, and that group space hasn't been fully utilized. But now, with demand midweek being what it is and with lots of sleeping rooms in Macao, I think you'll see the evolution of that non-gaming business, the hotel room customers Sunday through Thursday, becoming very important in the years to come. The same way when we built the retail that Sheldon referenced, people chuckled and said, no one goes to shop in Macao. Obviously, they do. That's going to happen, and while the evolution of that meeting space that Sheldon authored in Las Vegas and now he did it in Macao, you know it's going to become important, and it's just a question of time. The junket demise and the VIP midweek difficulties will make that very appealing to everybody on the Cotai Strip to fill it with very good group business that's both high rate paying and because they're getting more Asian, there's more of an opportunity for gambling opportunities at night. So, I think that's a train that's starting to leave the station. It's been a slow coming, but there has been enough room product or enough other companies that wanted to participate. Just like it happened in Vegas, it's going to happen in Macao. It's ahead of us. It's not today, still down the road, but it's going to happen.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thanks, Rob. And I just had one follow-up question on the dividend. I wanted to shift gears here, because the level of EBITDA in Macao to maintain the dividend has been targeted at about $2.5 billion annually, and now it looks like given the success of Parisian, that that's quite doable. The question I have is what's the simple math behind every – if you exceed that $2.5 billion, say, by 5% or 10%, would you plan to take the dividend up by a like amount?
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Go ahead.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hey, Harry. It's Patrick. How are you?
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: I'm good. Thank you.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think it's an interesting question. I think a lot of it would depend on the expectations of future cash flow growth from the year that you just described. So, as we said before, there's a very careful evaluation process that goes into the dividend planning. And so, it would have to be taken in the context the future growth of the company, the future growth of cash flows, and our view of sustainability of growth of the dividend. So, those are the thoughts that go into the dividend decision both at SCL and at LVS. The dividend is a cornerstone of our return of capital strategy, and it's very important for us to keep it going in a sustainable and a growing way in the future. So while we can't comment specifically on how we view the SCL dividend and increase in EBITDA, we really hope that it happens and we're looking forward to the continued growth of The Parisian and the Cotai Strip in the future. So we'll come back to you with more information as our EBITDA continues to grow.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thanks, everyone.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anil Daswani with Citigroup.
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: Okay. Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking my call. A couple of questions from me. First of all, you guys did an amazing job with hotel occupancy. Can you just highlight if there's been any change in the comp ratios that you provide for those properties? Secondly, could you maybe comment a little bit on how the different segments are playing out, so premium mass, mass, etcetera. Is there any focus of any particular property on any specific segment or are you just happy to grow them separately at each different property?
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: No. It's Rob. I think the second question, we'll take first. We're obviously happy to grow with every property, any property. The competition in Macao and Cotai is hard, strong. Our growth, though, I think, comes from our diversity in our pricing, and frankly, what makes us so unique, as I referenced earlier, was the ability to sleep people in the Four Seasons or the St. Regis as well as the Holiday Inn product. It's a very diverse mix of rooms. And we're not seeing a lot of change. We're doing better in the premium mass. Perhaps, we'd like to see more base mass pick up, but we attribute that to there's so much new product, new sleeping rooms, another 600 table games in the last year. So there's going to be some trial even from our customers that goes to see other properties, because the properties out there are very, very good and they're worth seeing. But we're not seeing a whole lot of difference in terms of the – the properties remain constant. Our strongest performer from a premium mass basis is our Sands Cotai Central. That's our weakest performer from a pure mass basis. The Venetian is the juggernaut. It does it all. It's amazing property. It has everything you want it to have. It's got incredible sleeping rooms, a large casino, a fabulous retail product, it's tied to the Four Seasons physically and now it's tied to The Parisian. So, again, diversity of pricing, diversity of product, be it lodging, be it retail, be it gaming, is where we excel and we really excel weekends and holidays. As our comp ratios, they really haven't changed much at all. We must be clear. Sheldon referenced the 1.1 billion impressions we got on our social media approach. I think that bodes well. We are in the hotel selling business for a long time. A lot of people are new to Cotai or in Macao because it's been a VIP-dominant market. But our competitors are smart. They're going to get there very quickly and figure out how some hotel rooms. We've just been doing it for a lot longer. We have more armor. We have more bullets in the gun because if you look at our convention ability, we're the only guys in town with that much group space to fill midweek. We're the only people in town with a large-scale arena. We've been putting these massive arena shows. So, we have an unfair competitive advantage when it comes to selling rooms. We've been doing it longer. We have more product doing better. We're not a boutique company. We're not a premium mass company only. We do it all in the mass space. So we've not seen a change in our ratios as far as comp cash. We have seen more competitive pressure, which we welcome. It's good for Cotai. We welcome more sleeping rooms on the Cotai Strip because we think in the end we get the lion's share of that business. And as that market continues to ramp, we will be its biggest participant in the growth.
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: Thank you, and congrats on a great set of results.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you very much.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I just want to add on. We've always been the EBITDA leader in Macao. We have never once been even second. We've always been first. Galaxy has done a very good job of getting into the market, but we're still twice as big as they are in EBITDA. Same thing in Singapore. They I think are a duopoly, just came out with earnings yesterday – did I hear it right – that we're double what they are?
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We're about 74%...
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We're 74% of the market. There's got to be something we're doing right and our competitors are not doing. Another we've got this behemoth one-stop shop for everything, unprecedented in the world. I think we're going to continue to have a high hotel occupancy and continued increases in our gaming market.
Anil J. Daswani - Citigroup Global Markets Asia Ltd.: Thank you.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Next..
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Oh with CLSA.
Jon Oh - CLSA Americas LLC: I'd like to refer to Sheldon's remarks earlier when he said that trends in September are pointing to mass growing at roughly 6% and premium mass at 15%. As we look at visitation trends in the month of September, I believe the Macao tourist official number was up 0.5%, and to see such a strong mass performance and premium mass performance despite visitation numbers not being anywhere close to that would suggest that spend per customer is a very strong indicator. Would you be confident to say now that spend per customer as an indicator across all your properties in Macao is a positive indicator that it is now a growth segment again?
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: It is a growth segment.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah. I think Jon, what Sheldon...
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: But the market itself is growing. (40:29) in the market.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Right. I'm not sure we understand the question totally, but what Sheldon referenced was a 6% year-over-year growth in table game in mass and 15% in the premium segment. We think the market numbers – if you see October's numbers as reported by the government and you see what's happening to market. There's clearly a trend here. We're getting better customers in the market. We're getting more spend in the market. I can't see the correlation to more spend per customer. I can be clear about that. But I think what we are seeing...
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We haven't done any surveys.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah. I think what we're seeing is just lots of visitation and we're seeing lots of growth and we're very encouraged by that. I wouldn't be so bold to say we can correlate those two. But clearly visitation is, it is what it is and revenues are growing and they're growing – I think, somebody made a comment, they grew well in October. If it had not been for a couple weather instances and there was a lot of things happening, it may have been double digit. We're looking for that double-digit growth for the whole market. And again, we are a big believer in the rising tide theory. Obviously if Macao grows at 12% to 15%, we'd all make money. We'd all grow together. And that's what we hope happens in October, November, and beyond. We're looking for solid growth, mass, premium mass and all participants. Let's all grow in the same boat.
Jon Oh - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thank you. And if I can follow up with – and this is maybe I'm just seeking for a broader comment on the ramp-up speed for The Parisian. You guys have attained roughly about $1 million of EBITDA per day within about roughly 18, 19 days of opening in a month, and that's impressive. So what I think about and I'm sure everybody in this call today will be going back to our models and we're going to be thinking about what's the real earnings power of Parisian given that this has kind of surprised us a little bit. I'm just trying to think about how do we really size up the earnings potential of Parisian? I mean given that it's roughly the same number of rooms as The Venetian, but The Venetian is roughly earning about three times more in EBITDA per day right now based on the current run rate. And at one point it was running at over $5 million a day. Would you say that The Parisian has the tools to potentially do what The Venetian could do? Any comments around that?
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think can it do what The Venetian – look, The Venetian is so powerful. The visitation went up and the gaming business increased. You're looking at what we're calling around here a behemoth hotel, a behemoth integrated resort.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: A big one too.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah. And it's a big one. We're sailing in unchartered waters. I hope that The Parisian can equal what The Venetian has been doing. But right now, it's not indicated. It's doing very well. We're averaging 40,000 people a day. Our restaurants are so full, it's tough to get a seat. So we're taking out some straight retailers and adding some more restaurants. It was really designed – the government wanted a three-star hotel. A lot of the rooms are designed as four-star. But The Venetian is very unique, every room is a suite. And so there is no star rating that you could say it's a six-star hotel or a five-star deluxe. It's tough to compare any of the hotel to The Venetian. The quality and the critical mass of The Venetian, the size of the casino, the loyalty that it has and following from people who come to the mass market, I don't know. I certainly would hope so, but if not, if it doesn't equal The Venetian, it should get a lot closer than the other properties there.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Jon, I think Sheldon's comments are excellent. I think you have to be careful. Look, The Venetian has been operating for almost a decade. It's got an immense loyalty. It's so sticky, it's unbelievable. The quality of people in there, the size of retail, size of food and beverage, the room product. It's a very unique product and the answer is no. The Parisian can't get to The Venetian numbers. It can do very well. It can ramp and grow. But you're comparing apples and oranges because I think it was built in a different time. It was a lone wolf out there back in 2007 when we opened that thing. It's got unique everything, from rooms, to food and beverage. We have too much. We have lot of great food and beverage. We don't have that same scale in The Parisian. We don't have the room product we have in The Venetian. It's unfair. But I do think The Parisian is going to keep ramping, keep growing, getting stronger by the day. I also think the one thing it has going for is it's going to cross traffic very well with the Four Seasons, and that should give The Parisian more lift, a lift at Four Seasons as well. Think about what we have there with all those unique room pricing across the SCC. We have the product in the Four Seasons. We have The Venetian. We have all that great retail with Four Seasons shops which is getting stronger by the day. So, it's going to help Parisian. But I think it's unrealistic to think it's going to approach Venetian numbers. Venetian is $1.2 billion. You referenced $1.6 billion, $1.7 billion at the peak. It's hard for me to see it getting there. Great property, great start, but those are very big numbers. That is the juggernaut in Macao.
Jon Oh - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. Thanks for the commentary. I really appreciate that.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Just following up on the last question, Parisian had 28% margins in the quarter. I don't think you reached that level with Sands Cotai Central until a year after the property opened. So, can you just help us think about the trajectory of the margins from here? Thank you.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure. Well, let's be clear, the reason for that, Thomas, as I think you know, is that they're very different products. SCC is a very powerful room product that is more dependent. It opened at a different time, as well, but it's dependent on premium mass customers. That's the calling card for SCC. It does very well, but it's a premium mass house. It doesn't have the themed walk-in free traffic. The Parisian is getting ridiculous walk-in traffic that it's free business. They walk-in, they gamble. Some sleep there; some don't. But the margins are great because of that. What it doesn't have yet is that premium mass customer that we get at the SCC. So the margins are going to be better I think for quite a while at The Parisian because they're paying retail for the room, or we're comping less people. SCC is much more comp driven and different time, as well. The interesting part is going to be how does it intersect with when the Four Seasons bridge is completed, how much crossover we get on weekends, holidays from that high-end Four Seasons customer, and we get more premium mass to gravitate. The race in Macao for the premium mass is a big one. There's a lot of people out there with great products that are looking for that segment. So, can we grow that segment quickly at The Parisian? That remains to be seen. The SCC is our biggest premium mass customer, but that's our biggest comp house and frankly our biggest – it's soft to the margins as a result of that. The Parisian has just overwhelmed us with demand. So, we've got to figure out how to take advantage of that demand and offer the customers the kind of things they want to satisfy that segment. But I think it's clear that the SCC got off in a different time and was much more of a different product. It didn't have any free traffic. It doesn't have much to this day. So, different products, different margins.
Sheldon G. Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: And less VIP, less VIP...
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Much less VIP. Yeah.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: One thing to add is that if you look at the margin of The Parisian, and you look at the margin of the overall property set on a normalized basis, The Parisian is geared for growth. So, that as we continue to grow revenues there and as we increase play volumes in the very high margin mass and premium mass segments, you'll see that that margin will actually creep up closer to the margin of the consolidated property set as a whole. So, that the cost base is in and that we should get pretty good operating leverage as we continue to get increased play.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I don't think any of The Parisian for what, 18 days, 17 days, can make a real bold statement about that property. It's just so young. It's just not as – I think after this full quarter, we'll have a better look at what that property can do.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Helpful. Thank you. And this is my follow-up. In your prepared remarks, you talked about share repurchases. You've been talking about them for some – about not doing them, but the potential to do them in the future. Parisian has opened. How are you thinking about them at this point?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: So, I think we've always used the dividend as the cornerstone of our return to capital policy. It's very important to us. It's something that we view as fundamental. We always viewed share repurchases as a way to return excess capital to shareholders in an efficient manner in an opportunistic way. So, as our cash flows grow, we'll feel more confident about returning capital in terms of increasing dividends, but also in terms of using the share repurchase authorization and actually buying back some stock. So, as our cash flows grow, you should look to us to be more aggressive in the way we return capital to shareholders.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just sticking on the topic of Parisian. I was just wondering if you could help us understand a little bit more about the complexion of the Parisian customer just in terms of are they mostly base mass? Are you seeing some mid to higher end mass, where they're coming from, kind of income in visitation relative to your other properties? Any kind of different or similar patterns than the typical Sands China customer?
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah. We're definitely seeing more of a mass-mass, base mass customer to The Parisian as the dominant customer right now. What we're trying to sort through is we want to be more aggressive on the premium mass side or direct that over to Four Seasons, Venetian, SCC and can attract new customers obviously, which the real goal will be to attract fresh customers in the building. But the dominant segment right now at The Parisian certainly is a mass gaming customer, not a – we had good junket play there for the few we have, actually very solid junket play, but our premium mass is not as exciting as other properties. It's mass-driven at this point.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And just to finish with that question just in terms of like where they're coming from. Are you seeing kind of an incremental visitor from different regions, or is it similar to what you're seeing like from Guangdong and kind of the general complexion of the regular Sands China customer?
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Well, for those, we have data on, it's coming from Guangdong, from the Mainland China. Guangdong, there's a lot of unrated business in that building, so it's hard to tell everybody since, again, unrated, we don't have the data we would have on people asleep in the hotel or people have ratings in the casino. Again, this is a brand new building that we're just gratified the run rate appears to be strong after the first, what, 17 to 18 days. We're very happy with it. We are more happy with just the awareness of the property. The sheer foot traffic in that building is – at the opening night, I went down to the casino floor, and it was overwhelming, but it stayed that way for that entire week. So, we're just gratified at the customer acceptance, and we – again, I think it's hard. We're going to get tougher and tougher on breaking numbers out, because this integrated behemoth strategy Sheldon referenced with a – basically a 13,000 hotel, we're going to get less and less able to differentiate because I think we're going to use our pricing power, multitude of hotel room capacity, our multitude of gaming capacity, our retail diversity, we're going to try real hard to price this thing according to the customer demand, move the customer demand around our portfolio, and run this thing to maximize cost efficiencies but provide a great customer experience based on your budget and your demand. So, it may just be that The Parisian is being wildly helpful to making that portfolio stronger. We're encouraged. Early returns are terrific. It's a base mass hotel at this point. It's not driven by premium mass, and it isn't driven by junket, although we have some good junket play in there.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. And as my follow-up, can you just help also understand just – I know it's 18 days, and you said you had a lot of unrated play, but in terms of just the source of customers so far, like in terms of database, what little database there is so far, OTA/wholesale versus new marketing?
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: What's strong on the hotel side, again, I think Sheldon referenced it, we had terrific demand outside of our usual database for Mainland China. The social media approach here was just terrific, and the people who work for us there, exemplary work. Our team should be applauded for what was an incredible launch. So, we're seeing a lot of new business. It's not database. It's fresh customers coming in from Mainland China who want to see the product. It's just people. I think Sheldon referenced, number two behind The Venetian is places you want to see. And let's be honest, that themed approach, that is the magic elixir, that people want to see that Parisian themed approach, the Eiffel Tower. That façade has great curbside appeal. It is driving all kinds of awareness. It's easy to understand it when you watch the videos, when you watch the social media stuff. It's just easy to understand. Just standing outside that building, no place ever had that many people outside talking selfies in the tower or the façade of the building. We're in new waters here with new customers that we like seeing. I'm not sure we're stealing share as much as creating new demand from China for the sleeping rooms. But the gaming, as I referenced, is still in its early days, but we got to decide how much we want to push into the premium business there because it's a mass powerhouse so far. But again, 17, 18 days, we're reporting this quarter, hardly enough time to understand the power of The Parisian. But we are thrilled with the acceptance of it. We're thrilled with the walk traffic. You've never seen walk traffic. I've been going to Macao since the 1980s. I've never seen people walking back and forth in droves between the Four Seasons and The Parisian. It's pretty staggering. And again, our team, our marketing folks in Macao did some great work on the social media side.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. I'm sure you and Sheldon have plenty of your own selfies in front of that property.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: It's all I do all day, yeah. Pretty much. That's all I do.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Thanks a lot.
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Okay.
Operator: And we have time for one more question, and that question comes from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks. A lot of my questions have been asked. But the one thing that we didn't talk about much in the call was kind of the VIP segment in Macao. And clearly, you see it in the DICJ numbers and we saw it in your numbers here today that – and there seems to have been obviously a change in that customer in the 3Q. Would you guys care to opine on maybe how you foresee the VIP segment going forward? Have we kind of hit a trough and maybe you're starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel or do you think there was more of a temporary kind of bounce?
Robert Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I can only speak, Carlo, for our portfolio, but I don't think it's temporary. I think this is not obviously our portfolio material to our composite EBITDA. It's rather unimportant at this point. I don't know how it recovers in any meaningful way. We are a mass-driven house, premium mass-driven house. It's become the point where we offer that opportunity for the customers who want it because it's part of our diversity, but I don't see how it gets much stronger with all that's happening in China and all that's happening both from a economy's perspective and a compliance AML perspective. I just think that's a market that – I said a couple of years ago and people were very upset. And I thought it's going to be very, very tough sleding, and it's a broken model and I think it remains broken as far as I can tell. I can't speak for our competitors, but from the LVS-SCL perspective, it's not a focal point. We won't turn it away, but we have to focus, we want to make our money. We make our money in table games, mass and premium mass, in slot machine, ETGs, we'll offer junkets and we'll wait for a better day, but we don't see that day coming in the next two quarters.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks, Rob, and if I may, just one quick follow-up and an iteration of this was asked earlier. But when you think about your cash balances and your leverage position. How do you guys balance the thoughts of increasing dividends relative to buybacks, but in the context of the potential for a large scale development, be it in Japan or somewhere else at this stage?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hey, Carlo. It's Patrick. How are you?
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good. You?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: So it's a discussion that we have quite frequently, and I think the way we think about it is if you look at the timing of cash flows acquired to fund The Parisian, it's actually a fairly long development cycle where cash comes out of the system probably over three to four years, and there's a lot of visibility going through the development of these projects. So given where we are in our divided growth cycle and hopefully the trajectory of growth that we're seeing in Macao, we'll have some ability to do some planning work and hopefully, what the chairman says holds true and we end up getting opportunities in either Japan or Korea or both. So the timing of this should work favorably in the future depending on the dividend growth rate we choose and the requirements for funding these developments if they were to occur in the future.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: It's something that we'll work through, but it's really a timing question.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thanks very much.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time, and this does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.
Analysts: Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jon T. Oh - CLSA Americas LLC Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. David Katz - Telsey Advisory Group LLC
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Mike, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Las Vegas Sands Second Quarter 2016 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I'll now turn the call over to Daniel Briggs. You may begin your conference.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you, operator. Joining me on the call today are Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Patrick Dumont, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal Securities Laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. In addition, we may discuss non-GAAP measures, a definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures have included in the press release and also at the end of our earnings deck, which is available for your use during the call on our Investor Relations website. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question, so we might allow everyone with interest to participate. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson.
Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased we've continued to execute on our strategic objectives during the quarter. And despite the diminished but continuing challenges in the Macao market, we again delivered a solid set of financial results with company-wide hold-normalized EBITDA reaching $954 million. This resilience and consistency in cash generation reflects both the strength of our business model and the geographic diversity of our cash flows, which in turn underpins our balance sheet strength. Accordingly, we can and will continue to return excess cash to shareholders while maintaining our ability to invest in new development opportunities. In Macao, our hold-normalized EBITDA margin expanded in the second quarter by 160 basis points versus the prior-year quarter, and by 120 basis points compared to the first quarter of 2016, again reflecting our continued success in cost management. At the same time, despite the significant year-on-year increase in competition on Cotai, our second quarter mass gaming volumes at both Venetian and Sands Cotai Central were more or less consistent with prior year. It is encouraging that in June, our Macao properties experienced a year-on-year increase in both mass gaming volumes and revenue, marking the first month of year-on-year growth in mass gaming since September of 2014. I was asked when I announced in January why I thought the market was about to stabilize or that it was stabilized, this is a validation of my expectations at that time. June is the first month that we experienced year-on-year gains. So I think stabilization appears to be here. I mentioned in January of last year that I believe we were seeing the first signs of stabilization in the Macao mass market. Our mass revenue growth in June despite the arrival of new competition on Cotai represents an important data point supporting the ongoing stabilization of the Macao mass market. At Marina Bay Sands, quarter two adjusted property EBITDA was similar to prior year. MBS has continued to dominate the competitive landscape with its share of hold-normalized EBITDA increasing to 74% in quarter one 2016 versus 65% in quarter one 2015. Likewise, our share of EBITDA in Macao also continues to increase. On a trailing 12 month basis through March 31, 2016, our share of EBITDA in the six operating markets increased to 37%, up from 34% one year earlier. That's more than double our fair share. Because of our industry-leading investments in MICE-based Integrated Resorts in both Macao and Singapore, which places up in the pole position when it comes to emerging market opportunities, we are unique in the absolute scale of our cash flow as well as our dominant share of the industry's cash flow. Scale, diversity and critical mass allow us to outperform our competitors. This unique ability to generate consistent and industry-leading cash flow in turn underpins our balance sheet strength. That balance sheet strength is two times, two times net debt to EBITDA at the end of the second quarter, allows us to stay fully committed to our development plans while continuing to return excess capital to our shareholders. Again, this is unique in our industry. Our retail mall portfolio in Asia is another unique differentiator. For 2015, the operating profit of our malls in Macao and Singapore reached $0.5 billion. I'm pleased to highlight that despite the downturn in luxury retail in Greater China, our Macao mall revenue still grew by 7% during the first half of 2016. I'm extremely excited about the upcoming opening of Parisian Macao. We're well on track and I'm pleased to announce today that we plan to open The Parisian on September 13, about seven weeks from today. I have not a shadow of doubt that The Parisian will replicate the success of The Venetian as another themed iconic and must-see Integrated Resort destination to Macao's visitors. The Venetian Macao remains the iconic must-see Integrated Resort destination in Macao, welcoming over 30 million visitors annually. That's almost as many visit as 32 million as the market as a whole. Despite all the headwinds and challenges in the Macao market, The Venetian Macao produced $244 million of EBITDA for the quarter, essentially flat against the prior year. I believe that this is another indicator of a stabilizing mass market in Macao. The positioning of The Parisian Macao caters well to both the current Macao market conditions and the long term growth trends in Chinese outbound tourism. The Parisian will be a themed premium destination where the aspirational appeal of its public spaces, attractions and amenities, this combined with affordable hotel accommodation, providing a complimentary offering to the all-suite hotel at The Venetian Macao. Our preopening marketing efforts are progressing nicely, and videos and promotional pieces featuring The Parisian on social media have achieved well over 143 million reach over the last month. Our existing portfolio has clearly enabled us to hold our own amidst new competition. And I'm extremely confident that with the opening of The Parisian, we will see growth in Macao. With respect to expenses and profit margin from our Macao operations, Rob and Patrick can elaborate on this later. Suffice it to say that we're on track to meet or exceed the targets we set out to you previously. To recap, we achieved annualized savings of an excess of $250 million as we exited 2015 when we projected that we would achieve an additional $60 million of cost savings during 2016. As of the end of June, we are well on track to meet or exceed those projections. In addition, we will achieve approximately $140 million of cost avoidance on an annualized basis with the opening of The Parisian. Now, let me give you some additional highlights of our results in Macao for the quarter. For quarter two, hold-normalized EBITDA in Macao was nearly $500 million, down only 2% against the first quarter despite the overall Macao gross gaming revenue, GGR, declining sequentially by 8%. Hold-normalized EBITDA margin in our Macao operations improved to 33.3%, an increase of 160 basis points against prior year, primarily reflecting cost efficiencies. I'm pleased that since quarter one of 2015, we've been able to maintain high levels of market share despite new competition while controlling costs, increasing labor productivity, and continuing to invest in destination marketing in China and in development progress to have local employees. Encouragingly, despite the significant increase in gaming and hotel capacity compared with the prior year's quarter at two flagship properties on Cotai Venetian, Venetian and Sands Cotai Central both held their own against the new competition in the mass gaming segment. Non-Rolling drop at Venetian was almost flat against the prior year while SCC's Non-Rolling drop increased by 2% (11:28) against the prior year, again validating our belief that the Macao mass market is stabilizing. While competition in the hotel cash sales market has increased, particularly in weekdays and non-peak periods, we continue to benefit from the scale of our hotel room inventory. In a market where peak periods, the weekends and holidays matter more than ever before, where mass market customers generate the lion's share of future revenue and profit growth. We believe our capacity advantage will be further amplified when The Parisian opens. In the first half of 2016, Chinese public holidays represented 10% of the calendar days but more than 20% of our EBITDA. With the completion of The Parisian, we will have almost 13,000 hotel rooms and four interconnected resorts. Over 840 stores across four shopping malls, 2 million square feet of meeting and exhibition space, and four performance and event venues, including our Venetian Cotai Arena, which can be utilized either for our MICE business or for major entertainment events. This is the only MICE Space Integrated Resort complex of this scale in the world. Business and leisure visitors to Macao will be able to enjoy all of this and more under one roof, at one destination, without having to go outside to connect with six different properties. I believe this will help to increase the tourist average length of stay in Macao. It is encouraging that the first five months of 2016, based on data provided by the Statistics and Census Service of Macao, the number of visitors in Macao who stayed overnight in hotel increased by 12% compared with the prior year, even though overall visitor levels decreased by 1% during the same period. I believe The Parisian Macao with its premium and iconic destination appeal, coupled with affordable and plentiful accommodations, will help drive sustainable growth in overnight visitors to the Cotai Strip. We remain fully committed to playing the pioneering role in Macao's transformation into Asia's leading business and leisure tourism destination. Our track record in being transformative pioneers in MICE, retail and entertainment speak for itself. In summary, we regard it as a privilege to contribute to Macao's success in realizing its objectives of diversifying its economy, supporting the growth of local businesses, providing meaningful career development opportunities for its citizens, including through our Sands Academy and reaching its full potential as Asia's leading business and leisure tourism destination. We opened The Sands Academy at the Adelson Advanced Education Centre nearly 10 years ago in conjunction with the 2007 opening of The Venetian Macao. We're extremely proud that tens of thousands of local Macao employees have received training, development, and continuing education through our Sands Academy educational and development programs. We have steadfast confidence in both our and Macao's future success. Now, moving on to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. We delivered a solid quarter in Marina Bay Sands with EBITDA of $357 million. Hold-normalized EBITDA was $320 million and was impacted by lower table game volumes. The hotel continued its strong performance while our retail malls continued to outperform the Singapore market. Now, on to my favorite subject, the return of capital to shareholders, yay dividends. Early in the year, the Las Vegas Sands board of directors approved a 10.8% increase in our recurring dividend program for the 2016 calendar year to $2.88 for the year or $0.72 per quarter. We remain committed to maintaining our recurring dividend programs at both Las Vegas Sands and Sands China. And we remain committed to increasing those recurring dividends in the future as our cash flows grow particularly with the opening of The Parisian. At the same time, we will remain opportunistic in returning excess capital via our share repurchase program. While we chose not to repurchase any stock in the quarter ended June 30, we look forward to continue to utilize the stock buyback program to return excess capital to shareholders and to enhance long-term shareholder returns in the future. Our industry-leading cash flows, geographic diversity, and balance sheet strength enable us to continue these recurring dividend and stock repurchase programs while retaining ample financial flexibility to invest for future growth and pursue new development opportunities. This is the conclusion of my prepared remarks. Thank you for joining us on the call today. We're now prepared to take questions.
Operator: Your first question is from Joe Greff from JPMorgan.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon, everybody. Sheldon, probably what intrigue most investors on this call are your comments on the mass performance in June. Can you talk about how your mass segment performed relative to the market mass segment performance? Was there a big difference between the base and the premium mass in June? And then while we recognize July is far from over, can you talk about whether that June mass segment performance has continued thus far into July?
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hey, Joe, I'm going to take that, it's Rob. (18:34) business in June definitely ticked up. We're seeing strong – I think we're the lucky people to have all this capacity at a time when capacity appears to be very important in weekends and holidays. That has always been a summer trend for us. And we're seeing it – we saw it in June. So, we saw a strong year-on-year growth for the first time in a while and very encouraged by it. I don't want to go into the numbers for July. I'll stay away from that. But I think, June is the beginning of the summer season. As you know, our model is predicated on size and critical mass. And that demonstrated very well for us the results in June, because I think the weekends are very busy, and I believe that will continue to summer, although we're not going to comment about July at this time. But, yes, we did see a nice uptick in June for the first time in a while.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Then my follow-up question is with regard to The Parisian opening on the 13th. I guess, how much of a staggered opening is it? How much do you open with initially in terms of room capacity, gaming capacity, other non-gaming capacity?
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah. We're taking a different approach, Joe, opening it, totally open everything. We've tried it in a few different ways but this time we have all the rooms. We have, I think last time I talked to the retail folks for us in Macao, about 90% of the retail keys we opened, the doors we opened, the gaming floor is fully operational. I think we're going to have a pretty much 100% opening at this point unless something is off the rails with approvals. But we feel pretty confident that the building will look fully represented. And if you haven't seen it in person, it's pretty astounding. The casino floor is terrific and the Eiffel Tower's already on, so we're in pretty good shape September 13.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks so much guys.
Operator: The next question is from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Sheldon, I think in the prepared remarks, you mentioned something about cost avoidance for The Parisian. I was wondering if you could possibly give us a little bit more granularity about just the overall magnitude of cost you're expecting to shift and maybe how much shifted in the second quarter as a part of the preopening expense line.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hey, Shaun, it's Patrick. How are you?
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, Patrick. Thanks.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Just a little more color, we're looking about $35 million a quarter in run rate cost avoidance that will shift over to The Parisian when it opens. There is about, call it, $14 million or $15 million that we experienced in this quarter. So that's the run rate. That's how we got to the $140 million a year that we referenced in our prior earnings call.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. And could you just give us maybe a little bit of granularity on sort of the total employees that you think are going to sort of backstop that number?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: You mean total magnitude of employees?
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, that will shift and then what you're sort of targeting for head count to run The Parisian at opening?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: It's about 3,500 in context. We don't have the – I'm not going to get to exact specifics because that'll move around a little bit, but think of it about 3,500 employees would be the shiftable number.
Shaun Clisby Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Jon Oh from CLSA.
Jon T. Oh - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you. I like to just kind of dig into this June growth remark, that was quite fascinating. As we think about – and I think, Sheldon, you made this comment earlier that the customer staying at hotel year-to-date is up 12%. How do we think about spend per customer? What kind of trends are you seeing so far especially in June? Are you seeing any meaningful uptick in spend?
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Jon, I'm not sure I'd break it up – it's Rob by the way – I wouldn't break it up by spend per customer because we're seeing stronger occupancy, stronger overall visitation. I'm not prepared to break it up by customer spend. But clearly it's something that happened in June for us in the market, our occupancy picked up, our gaming floors are busy, especially weekends. And again, we think the critical mass this year we have the capacity in the gaming side, the retail side, the lodging side to have the customers. This is, let's be honest, Macao is morphing into the world's greatest mass-market. Our critical mass approach in terms of lots of capacity in all the dimensions we talked about are there. So we're going to anticipate when customers are there. And I think it started show through in June; hopefully, we'll see it rest of the summer. It's been a trend of ours in the summers, we do better. June was the beginning of that trend. So I'm not sure spend per customer as much (23:00) we're getting more occupancy. We're getting better customers in the hotel, obviously. And we're seeing some positive uptick in the gaming, especially in the mass segments and premium mass.
Jon T. Oh - CLSA Americas LLC: Okay. And if I can follow-up with your comments on market share, you guys have held your market share pretty well so far. What are your expectations for what your market share would look like when Wynn opens in the next one month? And also expectations for what The Parisian would do in mid-September after you open? That's it from me. Thanks.
Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We can't say what Wynn is going to do. The clippings that I read say that it's a 20-minute walk from The Venetian to the Wynn. We're hoping that he will do very well. But we don't know and neither does he how many tables we're going to be getting. But we have the greater capacity because we have more tables from other properties that we can move over. I don't – I can't answer your question specifically about why we feel stabilization, but we see no reason whatsoever to believe that it's going to reverse again. So June hit the bottom, or was the pivotal turnaround point, it is – we have no reason to believe that it won't continue. The Eiffel Tower on the – what do you call it, the supplementary information.
Jon T. Oh - CLSA Americas LLC: Yeah. In the slide deck.
Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: The what?
Jon T. Oh - CLSA Americas LLC: In the slide deck, the supplemental slide deck.
Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: In the slide deck. Supplemental slide deck showed an orange with the bottom, I think, it was red, of the Eiffel Tower, the bottom.
Jon T. Oh - CLSA Americas LLC: Page 13 in the slide deck.
Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Page 13. I'm a little – it should have been – oh, sorry, red on – two-thirds of red and sort of orange at the bottom. But we copied the original Eiffel Tower from Paris with the sparkling lights and I think we did something that I'm not sure if they do there. We have a rainbow color that starts off with one color starting to move up, replaced at the bottom by another one, and continued to replace all of the colors of the rainbow. It is strikingly beautiful and I have no reason to believe that it isn't going to be watched by every person who comes to Macao. The Cotai Strip is my idea. And when we finally put in the pedestrian overpass, it's my vision, we will have – albeit fewer properties than what I've originally anticipated – but we will have the greatest under one roof, never having to go outside to go from one place to the other for all the MICE Space, the shopping, the restaurants, the hotel rooms, the casinos. Nowhere in the world will there be 13,000 hotel rooms interconnected. So this is going to be like The Venetian Macao, a must-see destination. The Chinese people like theme properties, particularly geographically-themed properties that is the main reason for The Venetian being a must-see property that it is and will continue to be, and the main reason why The Parisian will also be another must-see property. Hope I answered your questions.
Jon T. Oh - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Can you give us some more color on the softness that you saw in the Singapore gaming volumes both on the mass and the VIP side? And then any color on just the outlook for that property would be helpful? Thanks.
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thomas, its Rob. Clearly, the VIP volume I think reflects global phenomenon of slowdown at the $5 million plus customer. Rolling volume was very soft relative to the past at $6 million, $7.40 million. We held well which was encouraging. But volumes are off and it's off primarily in that $5 million plus high-end rolling customer. I think that's reflected in Macao as well as Las Vegas, and maybe that's a global slowdown. I'm not sure how to explain that but we've always had super concentrated and we couldn't see a bounce, but I would think that's going to be a tough segment for the foreseeable future. On the mass table side, clearly, we missed our usual $4.7 million, $4.8 million. That's the first time in two years we missed getting to $4.7 million, $4.8 million. The question is, is that a short-term blip, the 90-day miss or is that a trend, we don't know at this point. That's the more interesting one to me. I think the Rolling business, it speaks for itself, and that's explainable throughout the world. This one is only explainable to our property. We've kind of done very, very well in that segment. We'll stay hyper-focused in that segment. We continue to have sales people and product against that segment. That is our focus. I want to believe we'll return in July and August, September back to $4.7 million, $4.8 million. That's we want to be. Our goal long term is $5 million five a day. It is a blip, it's a miss this quarter, but I don't believe it's a trend. I hope it's not. And we'll have to wait and see what the future holds. Now, the property overall, I think, the other confusing part to me is our slot business was up. It was quite actually improved Q1-on-Q1 and year-on-year. So, that's encouraging. Our retail business remains flat or actually up a bit. Our hotel business is very strong, leading the market, maybe on our occupancy and RevPAR. So, the other indicators in Singapore are pretty positive. The miss is purely in the table game side, and primarily in the mass table side. So, no way to give you an accurate prediction of whether that bounces back to $4.7 million, $4.7 million, $4.9 million, I'm sure opening so. But other indicators are all positive. Again, rooms, retail, slot machines, ETGs all positive as you identify the misses in the table game side.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, Rob. That was helpful. And then just my follow-up question on The Parisian, I heard your comments earlier that you're going to open everything up on September 13. But given the current operating environment and the new supply that's coming in close to the same time as you guys are opening, how are you thinking about the speed at which you expect to ramp EBITDA at this property versus your prior property openings? Thanks.
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: My feeling is it's very positive for us. I think the Wynn property is going to be a must-see and I think Parisian is a must-see. I think cumulatively the market's very fortunate. Cotai will be the beneficiary. If anything, the Peninsula will suffer because you're going to have to see the – that property that Steve Wynn's building, I'm sure, is a must-see and I know The Parisian is a must-see. I've seen it. And I think those properties combined will create something – I know that some people are concerned about so much product at once. It might actually be very much a catalyst for the market and for people in China and from Hong Kong and throughout the region to come to Macao. So it does two things. It transfers the business up to Cotai, which we have the majority of our assets on Cotai. That's encouraging. And frankly, it also creates a must-see Macao event to have two properties, $7-billion-plus of capital at one time. It's pretty amazing actually. It takes you back to the days in Las Vegas in the late 1990s when Venetian opened, Bellagio opened, Mandalay Bay opened on top of each other and no one even blinked because the market was strong. I understand your concern. And obviously, some people are concerned it's too much at one time. You might argue that and you might argue that it's a catalyst for more growth in Cotai in particular and for more visitations to Macao. Maybe it's the magic elixir that takes this market to a different place. No matter what happens short term, again, I believe we're anchored in a very fine place. We're in the mass part of this business. Sheldon's vision is always critical mass. 13,000 sleeping rooms, all that gaming capacity, lodging capacity, retail capacity on Cotai which is still the world's greatest gaming market. It's pretty positive, pretty powerful. I think, long term, we do very well in Macao. We're very bullish in long term. You can argue about the relative merits of all that capacity at one time. I'm going to argue positively and hope for the best. But I know long term, we're in a very, very nice position in Cotai. We're happy to be there and happy to open The Parisian.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: The next question is from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks, everyone. Good afternoon. Rob, maybe could you talk a little bit about the mix on the hotel side in Macao these days and kind of the strategy of cash versus comp room here going forward as the new competition comes on and obviously, as you guys open Parisian?
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure. I think we're a little different than most people, Carlo. As you know, we've been doing this for a long time. We've been focused on selling cash rooms for quite some time because no one else in the market had to. Most people are junket and high roller driven and Rolling customer driven. So the focus of most of our competitors has been non-cash. We've been forced, because of the amount of rooms that we put in the market, to be cash-driven and we remain in that place. We got a very, very experienced sales team. We're well represented throughout the region. And I think that bodes very well for our future cash sales. As you know, there's so much new capacity and frankly there's been some people learning how to sell hotel rooms in Macao because it's not been necessary in the past. And that's caused some rate pressure. But we remain convinced that our mix will be heavily skewed towards cash customers. And we'll take a focus like we do in Las Vegas, which is the lot (33:17), the casino comp side. We want to reward better customers. But I think our mix will remain heavily skewed to cash. We saw a very strong second quarter and the MICE business is ramping up. And I think, again, competitors will start to take more of a definite second look at MICE because they now have a lot of product to sell. Let's be honest. This is going to be a fight like Las Vegas was years ago. Midweek is going to be a challenge; weekends will fill. Midweek and holidays will be strong for all of us. It's the weekends and the midweek where the challenge is. But with our sales team and years of experience selling into that China, Hong Kong, regional Pacific Rim; I feel pretty confident we'll do fine. I know there's rate pressure today. I think that will subside once the capacity gets absorbed. We have a lot of confidence in the quality of competition and the quality of product. Keep in mind, it's a lot of hotel rooms for any one time to absorb so quickly. But look at the size of the market. And with 1 billion people in China and Hong Kong and Korea and Japan, et cetera; I think it gets absorbed and I think it grows. And I think we're going to lead the way in terms of rate and occupancy and product diversification. And again, I think you can't dismiss the heavy retail concentration and diversity of product we have in our buildings. We have retail pricing up and down from very reasonable stuff to the very fancy goods. We have hotel pricing which is very diverse. We have gaming price which is very diverse. And again, that is the strength of the LVS and that's the strength of Sheldon's critical mass vision that I think bodes well for the future for us. So we're very confident we'll sell rooms and do well in that market. I do think also The Parisian, the theming and the look of that is right for the market just like The Venetian was right for the market. It was only eight years ago, nine years ago, we opened The Venetian and people thought you couldn't fill 2,700 rooms and it was impossible. People thought it'd be a white elephant. And obviously, it worked out pretty well. I think the same thing will happen in time for all of us in Cotai. I feel pretty good about it.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you for that. And then if I could just ask a follow-up on the mass side. It looks like the base mass and the premium mass performed similarly from a year-over-year perspective in the quarter. If we thought about premium mass today and the theoretical required to reach, quote, that desired status; has that changed tremendously year-over-year in terms of what's being classified there or are you strictly kind of using the same table minimum thresholds et cetera?
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Carlo, we're not using the table minimum threshold at all. We're giving you that split on page 11 in the deck based on the geographic area of the tables on the floor. So we have a VIP area and a mass area. And we haven't broken out or changed whatsoever the methodology with which we're presenting that specific information.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Right, great. Thank you, Dan.
Operator: The next question is from Felicia Hendrix from Barclays. Felicia Hendrix, your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Sorry, had you muted. Thank you for taking my question and good afternoon. Rob, my question is a bit of a segue from your last comments and it's on competition. So if The Parisian and Wynn are as successful as you all believe they're going to be, do you envision your competitors getting more aggressive in trying to maintain share? I think there's a premise out there now that everyone's going to stay rational. But we see what's happening with the room rates and you mentioned that. So I'm not sure why I understand there's a belief that the competition isn't going to heat up.
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Well, I think it has heated up. Already in terms of room rate, you're seeing competitive pressures in room rates today and that's probably remaining intact until there's more cash demand in the market. But the great thing about a mass market, as you well know, it's not as predatory in terms of pricing. It's not like do you in the high roller business where a gambler is sought after by 16 different people. It's a little harder to identify and to see the mass market. The most pressure you're going to see, I think, is in your room pricing. And I believe you're going to see with Wynn and Parisian, two new products that might bring more people to the market. I'm hoping that they can elevate the game there because in the end we all win if more people show up. Will there be pricing pressure? I assume there will be with all the new product in the market. But will it be absorbed and eventually prices trade back up? I think it will. You see that ebb and flow in Las Vegas. You see that in other markets where we compete. And right now in Las Vegas, I think the market keeps moving upward and moving together. I think that will happen in Macao. Is there short-term risk? Sure there is. But longer term, I think people will respect the products they have there, the quality of product. We're big believers in diversity of pricing, diversity of product. And frankly, we think our retail enables to us do things that other people won't be able to do. Our retail pricing and diversity, our lodging pricing and diversity, our gaming pricing and diversity gives us a very unique advantage. And plus, it's all in Cotai and as Sheldon referenced, it's all connected. So competitors may have to get there and figure it out. I think we'll be in a pretty good place. And I think that that market long term, perhaps the Peninsula might be the difficult portion because of pressure. I think Cotai will be pretty successful in the short term and long term.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's helpful, thanks. And Sheldon, just for a minute moving outside of Macao, I was wondering if you could update us on your expansion plans in Singapore. What are the latest specifics with your plans there and where are you in the process? And then can you also update on your plans for the arena in Vegas, maybe cost, timing, anything you can share there?
Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We don't have an okay from the full government of Singapore at this time. We're hoping after the summer when vacations are completed, that we'll approach the government again and see if we can get a final answer there, which we don't have at this time yet. As far as Vegas is concerned, I'm going to refer that to Rob who's been negotiating with MSG, Madison Square Garden.
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Well, firstly, we're delighted with the deal. We think it's great that we have a rather nominal capital contribution and our partner's providing the bulk of that. And we also are delighted we have, I think, the strongest booking people in the business on our side of this trade. So we're very excited about the prospect. We'd like to think we get on the ground sometime in early 2017 with an opening sometime late 2018 or early 2019. We're excited about the closeness, the proximity to our building. But again, we're thinking it's probably a 18-month or 24-month build once they actually break ground. And I saw them yesterday actually and they're hoping to break ground first quarter of 2017, so late 2018, early 2019. We think it's very impactful for this end of the Strip. And we think we're the big beneficiaries of – we got first dibs on certain amount of tickets and we love the deal in terms of the quality of our partners in this thing. MSG and the Azoff Group. We're very excited about it. So a big impact for us down the road in that we think it elevates room rates and it elevates this end of the Strip. Our neighborhood gets much better with this arena.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you so much.
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The last question comes from David Katz from Telsey Group.
David Katz - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Hi, afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to ask and we may have discussed around this a bit. But on your slide 11 which I think is very telling, have you told us whether it was an increase in the volume of patrons or an increase in the spend per patron more so one or the other that's leading to this uptick that you have in both segments?
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: On slide 11, David, we're presenting the quarter-over-quarter – pardon me, second quarter 2016 versus second quarter of 2015 and they're both down about 8% in our mass business. We specifically called out the June month to help people understand that there was growth in June for the first time in 21 months across our portfolio. So we didn't specifically talk about whether it was more customers or just – Rob actually addressed this pretty well earlier. I'll hand it over to him.
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think what we're trying to reflect here is, again, June growth both in mass and premium mass is there. And I can't break it out for you whether it's spend – I just don't know the answer, that was spend per customer or more visitations. I would tend to believe, if I were to make a guess, it'd be more visitations because again the summer season ramps up aggressively there. And I hope we will see it in July and August and September as well. But I think what we're seeing, to Dan's point, is a return to some strength for the first time in quite a while, which is very encouraging in June. And we're sure hoping it continues throughout the summer. And that's our story in a nutshell. It's an encouraging sign after a couple of years of discouraging signs.
David Katz - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: All right. You said it. And if I can ask just quickly about Las Vegas' hold percentage, which looks like it was low both years and markedly so; is there any particular reason other than luck as to why that would be? Is there a change in the tenor of the mix of games or something like that?
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: No, I wish it was like that, but unfortunately it's just luck. The customers won and we lost. And when that happens, the hold percentage – it's just a very hard thing to explain to people that are not in this industry. There has been a lot of bad luck for us in Las Vegas. We saw this in Singapore. There was a belief out there we couldn't win in Singapore because we had a couple of bad years. But it bounced back and our long term hope is right where it should be. In the end, it all flattens out. We just had a pathetic run of bad luck at the high-ended tables. And keep in mind, Las Vegas doesn't have the volume. What makes Las Vegas frustrating is if you bring in a couple of dozen customers (43:29), you don't have the volume which offsets the volatility. The reason Macao and other places tend to be more stable is there's just huge amounts of volume. In Las Vegas, you're letting people gamble here, disproportionately high to the other mix on the floor. When it runs bad, it's pretty difficult. When it runs good, it's really wonderful. But this is simply a highly concentrated bunch of gamblers who played lucky, nothing more, nothing less. The mix has nothing to do with it. They're all playing baccarat at very, very high levels and hence volatility increases with high levels of gambling. And it's the business we're in in Las Vegas and the good news is that it's becoming more lodging focused. Do you see our numbers in Las Vegas? Our ADRs is just terrific and our occupancies and RevPARs. If it wasn't for that lousy table, well, we would have had a hell of a quarter in Las Vegas. So we'll bounce back probably in the rest of the year and hold a whole bunch higher. So I apologize, but there's no magic to it. And it's not a mix issue at all.
David Katz - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Appreciate it. Thanks very much. Nice quarter.
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you. Appreciate that.
Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Are there any other questions?
Operator: There are no further questions. I'll now turn the call back over to the presenters.
Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I want to thank everybody for calling. And we feel we had a pretty good quarter and we are very happy that there was one month that hit the bottom. And I think we're going to be – as I said earlier, we have no reason to believe that's not going to continue. And we are very, very excited about The Parisian. I was just to (45:14) it a few weeks ago. And I have to tell you it is undoubtedly one of the most beautifully decorated public spaces I have ever seen in any hotel in the world and I go to a lot of hotels. And this is really, really magnificent both from the outside with the Eiffel Tower and the rainbow colors moving up to the top – it's just going to be an incredibly high-demand hotel and a must-see. So thank you all for calling and we look forward to giving you another good quarter, even better quarter coming up. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-20 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp. Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.
Analysts: Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Lawrence J. Haverty - The Gabelli Multimedia Trust, Inc. Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc. Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC David Katz - Telsey Advisory Group LLC
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Angel, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corporation First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call, led by Mr. Daniel Briggs, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Mr. Briggs, you may begin your conference.
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you, Angel. Joining me on the call today are Sheldon Adelson, Rob Goldstein and Patrick Dumont. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of federal securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income and hold-normalized adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS and hold-normalized adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted property EBITDA and hold-normalized adjusted property EBITDA and constant currency results, all of which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. We also want to inform you that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website for your use. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the Q&A session, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so we might allow everyone with interest to participate. With that, let me turn the call over to our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson.
Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased we continued to execute our strategic objectives during the quarter, and despite the continuing challenges in the Macao market, we again delivered a strong set of financial results with company-wide hold-normalized EBITDA reaching $1.031 billion, an improvement over the first quarter of 2015. This resilience and consistency in cash generation reflect both the strength of our business model and the geographic diversity of our cash flows, which in turn, underpins our balance sheet strength. Accordingly, we can and will continue to return excess cash to shareholders while maintaining our ability to invest in new development opportunities. Our unique mass-based Integrated Resort business model continues to positively differentiate us from our competitors, in terms of both financial performance and economic contribution to our (03:09). In Macao, we gained market share revenue despite the competitive impact of two new properties. And we improved operating margin as we continued to reap significant benefits from our cost control programs. Last quarter, I commented that we are beginning to see the first signs of stabilization in our Macao operations. It is therefore very encouraging to report that this quarter, we experienced our first sequential increase in mass gaming revenues in Macao since quarter one of 2014. Our Macao portfolio-wide mass revenue per day was up 5% sequentially. And at Venetian Macao, mass table revenue per day was up 10%, which is no small feat considering the arrival of new competition. Our share of EBITDA in the six-operating Macao market has continued to increase to around 37% in 2015, up from 35% in 2014. In fact, at quarter four, our EBITDA share climbed to 39%. In Singapore, Marina Bay Sands delivered another strong result. On a constant-currency basis, Marina Bay Sands' hold-normalized EBITDA was up 10% against the prior year, as mass win-per-day increased by 10% to reach another quarterly record when measured in Singapore dollars. Our share of normalized EBITDA in the duopoly market increased to 68% in 2015, up from 58% in 2014. Because of our industry-leading investments in both Macao and Singapore, we are unique in the absolute scale of our cash flow, as well as our dominant share of the industry's cash flow. Scale, diversity and critical mass allow us to outperform our competitors. Our retail mall portfolio in Asia is another unique differentiator. For 2015, the operating profit of our malls in Macao and Singapore reached $0.5 billion. I'm pleased to highlight that despite the downturn in luxury retail (05:45), our Macao mall revenue still grew by 9% during the first quarter of 2016. We are also clearly differentiated by the strength of our balance sheet. That balance sheet strength at 1.9 times net debt-to-EBITDA at the end of the first quarter allows us to stay fully committed to our development plans, while continuing to return excess capital to shareholders. Again, this is unique in our industry. The Venetian Macao remains the iconic must-see Integrated Resort destination in Macao, welcoming over 30 million visitors annually. That's almost as many visitors as the Macao market generates as a whole. Despite all the headwinds and challenges in the marketplace, The Venetian Macao produced $268 million of EBITDA for the quarter, essentially flat against the prior year. I have not a shadow of doubt that The Parisian, which is targeted to open in mid-September, will replicate the success of The Venetian as another themed iconic and must-see Integrated Resort destination for Macao's visitors. I believe the positioning of The Parisian Macao caters well to both the current Macao market conditions and the long-term growth trends in Chinese outbound tourism. The Parisian will be a themed premium destination where the aspirational themed appeal of its public spaces, attractions and amenities is combined with affordable hotel accommodations, providing a complementary offering to the (07:45) at The Venetian Macao. Our existing portfolio has clearly enabled us to hold our own amidst new competition, and I am extremely confident we will see growth in Macao in the future with the opening of The Parisian. With respect to expenses and profit margin, we exited 2015 with annualized cost reduction of around $250 million. I believe we can achieve further savings in 2016. Moreover, as we open The Parisian Macao, we will be able to increase labor productivity and redeploy staff to operate the new property. Rob and Patrick can elaborate on this later, but additional cost avoidance from staff transfers will amount to approximately $140 million on an annualized basis. Together with targeted savings of an additional $60 million on an annualized basis, we anticipate having a total benefit to our current operations in 2017 of approximately $200 million after we open The Parisian later this year. The combination of incremental revenue from Parisian and our various cost efficiency programs should further strengthen our industry-leading cash flow generation, which in turn underpins our balance sheet strength and dividend programs at both Las Vegas Sands and Sands China Ltd. Now, let me give you some additional highlights of our results in Macao for the quarter. For Q1, Sands China EBITDA was $518 million, down 2% over the same quarter last year. Encouragingly, we experienced solid sequential growth across our gaming segments. Our revenue per day grew by 5% in premium mass, 6% in base mass and 2% in slots. Our premium direct rolling volumes increased by 9% sequentially. Hold-normalized EBITDA margin in Macao improved by 200 basis points to 32%, primarily reflecting cost efficiencies. I am pleased that since quarter one of 2015, we have been able to maintain high levels of market share despite new competition while controlling costs, increasing labor productivity and continuing to invest in destination marketing in China and in the development programs for our local employees. We are on track to deliver a further operating margin improvement following the opening of The Parisian. While competition in our hotel cash sales market has increased, particularly on weekdays and non-peak periods, we continue to benefit from the scale of our hotel room inventory. In a market with weak periods, the weekends and holidays matter more than ever before and where mass-market customers will generate the lion's share of future revenue and profit growth. We believe our capacity advantages will be further amplified. The two-week period over Chinese New Year shows this advantage, with average hotel occupancy of 98% and EBITDA up over 20% when compared with the corresponding two-week Chinese New Year period last year. With the completion of Parisian, we will have almost 13,000 hotel rooms in four interconnected resorts, over 850 stores across four shopping malls, 2 million square feet of meeting and exhibition space and four performance and event venues, including our Venetian Cotai Arena, which can be utilized, either for our MICE business or major entertainment events. Business and leisure visitors to Macao will be able to enjoy all of this and more, under one roof at one destination. I believe this will help to increase visitors' (12:15) average length of stay at Macao. It is encouraging that for the two months of 2016, the number of Macao visitors who have stayed overnight in our hotel increased by 14% compared with the prior year, even though overall visitor arrivals decreased by 1% during the same period. I believe Parisian Macao, with its premium and iconic destination appeal, coupled with affordable and plentiful accommodation will help drive sustainable growth in overnight visitors to the Cotai Strip. We remain fully committed to playing the pioneering role in Macao's transformation into Asia's leading business and leisure tourism destination. Our track record in being transformative pioneers in MICE, retail and entertainment speak for itself. In summary, we regard it as a privilege to contribute to Macao's success in realizing its objectives of diversifying its economy, supporting the growth of local businesses, providing meaningful career development opportunities for its citizens and reaching its full potential as Asia's leading business and leisure tourism destination. We have steadfast confidence in both our and Macao's future success. Now, moving on to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore; we delivered another strong quarter at Marina Bay Sands, which despite the impact of the stronger U.S. dollar, generated hold-normalized EBITDA of $383 million. As I mentioned earlier, on a constant currency basis, our hold-normalized EBITDA increased 10%. On a constant currency basis, our mass win per day reached another all-time quarterly record and was up 10% year-on-year. This strong performance was principally driven by the successful execution of our strategy to bring foreign premium mass customers to Singapore. Now on to my favorite subject, the return of capital to shareholders. We announced last quarter that the Las Vegas Sands board of directors has approved a 10.8% increase in our recurring dividend program for the 2016 calendar year to $2.88 for the year or $0.72 per quarter. We remain committed to maintaining our recurring dividend program at both Las Vegas Sands and Sands China, and we remain committed to increasing those recurring dividends in the future, as our cash flows grow. At the same time, we will remain opportunistic in returning excess capital via our share repurchase program. While we chose not to repurchase any stock in the quarter ended March 31, we look forward to continuing to utilize the stock repurchase program to return excess capital to shareholders and to enhance long-term shareholder returns in the future. Our industry-leading cash flows, geographic diversity and balance sheet strength enable us to continue to use recurring dividend and stock repurchase programs, while retaining ample financial flexibility to invest for future growth, and pursue new development opportunities. Lastly, we announced the SEC settlement of the FCPA matter on April 7. We're pleased to have that matter behind us. I want to thank all of you for joining us on the call today. And now we'll take some questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good afternoon, everybody.
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hi, Joe.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sheldon, you referenced stabilization a few times in your prepared remarks, much like you did three months ago on the prior earnings call. My question for you is this, does the Macao market feel less stable in the last month-and-a-half versus the two months of the year?
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hey, Joe. It's Rob. Sheldon stepped out for just a second. He'll be back. I'm sure he'd like to answer the question, but I'll give you my take on that. I think the, March was obviously disappointing. We had a really great January, February. March certainly softened up. Worldwide, I think Chinese tourism and consumer numbers are pretty depressing across the globe. And certainly, it was a little bit soft than we hoped in Macao. That was not the case in Singapore, but in Macao, we saw a downturn. But we feel great. Cumulatively in the quarter, our mass revenues, both our premium and the mass-mass side continued to grow. We had some margin pressure, as you see, Q-on-Q, but we feel like the numbers – really, our quarter-on-quarter or year-on-year, our mass numbers, which we think is the most pivotal metric in Macao in terms of GGR continues to grow. I think, if anything, we're encouraged by the first quarter and the year-on-year comps. March was a – we hope was an aberration and we'll see a return with their April, May and June. Sheldon, like I said, stepped out for a second, but that's – I think it's a pretty clear take that we believe there is stability. We believe we might even see growth, but clearly, it was a challenging March.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And then – thank you, Rob. And then, Rob, another question for you.
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yeah.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: If we assume that Wynn opened Palace in early August and you obviously announced today September opening for Parisian, why wouldn't you want to give more time between those two openings and letting the market absorb it versus opening it several weeks after maybe a bigger, certainly more CapEx property opening up in front of yours?
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Well, you could make the argument either way, couldn't you? You could argue they had more time to absorb, you could argue the impact of the Wynn Palace on top of The Parisian could be a very powerful catalyst for the market. There's no way to handicap that perfectly. I have a funny feeling that Wynn will be an inflection point to the market as will Parisian, and I think opening them within the same 30 days or 40 days isn't going to matter a whole lot. So, you wait until November or you wait until December, what's that mean? Not a whole lot. I'm a believer that these two products are unique. They're pretty special. I'm hoping they turn the corner a bit. I don't want to be Pollyanna-ish and think that the day's going to turn around, but I think I have a lot of confidence in what Steve Wynn's building and a lot of confidence with Mr. Adelson's building. So, I believe these two products might be the inflection point to the market, and we're actually eager to open The Parisian. I walked through it not too long ago. It's a wonderful product. It's mass driven, lots of sleeping rooms, very eye-catching, very similar in mindset to the themed concept of The Venetian. And we all know what Steve Wynn can do with a new opening. We have a lot of hope that that'll turn the corner in the market as well. So, I don't think there's any reason to wait an extra day or 10 days. What's the point? Let's open. Let's drive hopefully some more visitation and more revenue to Cotai. It does, by the way, complete the visions that happened years ago when Sheldon went to Cotai a long time ago. I think with Steve opening there and with the new Parisian product, I think, Sheldon's vision is really in full force. It will move the GGR deal completely over to the majority of GGR will emanate from Cotai. Actually, we're pretty enthused about it and think it's the culmination, and MGM comes on in 2017. So it feels good to us, Joe. It feels right to us in spite of what is a difficult market today.
Joseph R. Greff - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Appreciate the thoughts. Thanks, guys.
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. On Singapore, in Sheldon's prepared remarks, I think he talked about how your strategy of attracting foreign premium mass customers is working. The market in general did see a big pickup in Chinese visitation. Are you seeing that business impact at all? And any other color would be helpful. Thanks.
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sure. It's Rob, Thomas. To your point, 34% increase year-on-year in Chinese visitation to Singapore is very impressive. I think Singapore is just – it's a jewel for us. We're very happy with the quarter. It's unfortunate we suffered both the currency issues, we can't control that unfortunately, and we had some bad luck in the rolling segment. But if you take our numbers and really dissect what happened there, our retail business was strong. At 98% occupancy, ADR is climbing close to $400. Our non-rolling business was just terrific at $4.8 million a day, heading for that $5 million a day number. Our margins exceeded 66% on that non-rolling business. We're seeing more foreign visitation, better quality hotel guests and the continuing phenomenon of what we did in Singapore is just very exciting to us. It's a solid property. It had a bad piece of luck. It happens occasionally. We've held now close to $300 billion with a cumulative life-to-date hold percentage exceeding 2.7, so obviously that's simply a blip. But we're very encouraged by the non-rolling numbers, very encouraged by visitation, quality of visitation. The government of Singapore's vision has been realized in terms of what we're getting there. We are very fortunate to be there. It's a shame we hold 1.5%. We lost about $135 million of win disappear with that hold percentage. But if you take that out, the resting (22:50) was very fat and happy and we're delighted to be there. Our performance, despite the actual results being less than we'd like them to be, it was a very, very good quarter for us there. And to your comment, more quality Chinese and other regional visitations are occurring to Singapore and it's very, very exciting to watch.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Helpful. Thanks. And just as my follow up, just on Macao, Rob. Earlier you talked about seeing some quarter-over-quarter margin pressure there. Can you just talk about the promotional environment? Thanks.
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yes. It's unfortunately – well, fortunately or unfortunately, it's not promotional from our perspective. What really happened, Thomas, as Sheldon referenced, I think is a good story. We had Q-on-Q increases in our mass revenues, very encouraging. We had three hits on the negative delta: a retail turnover rent, which is a seasonal issue, cost us $22 million; we took a bad debt hit of $22 million versus Q4; and we had some weakness, honestly, in the rooms in non-gaming side, F&B, about $17 million. It resulted in a less than – what we hoped for the quarter to be like $475 million (23:56) and unfortunately those factors are a negative delta for us. But I think the most encouraging thing, and I think Sheldon referenced it, is just we're seeing some strength in premium mass and I think that goes to our core story, which is we're Cotai focused, we're mass focused, we've got diversity of room product, diversity of hotel product, lots of retail, 2 million square feet post Parisian, and we've got a very strong presence in Cotai. And when Sheldon started years ago, I think, it's rare you see a vision come to life, but you're seeing it. Unfortunately, this quarter, we had some setbacks in three areas that it happened, and it cost us about $60 million. We would have otherwise had a much fatter quarter in Macao.
Thomas G. Allen - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Haverty with GAMCO. Your line is open.
Lawrence J. Haverty - The Gabelli Multimedia Trust, Inc.: Yes, hi. I was just curious – I'm sure you people have been watching the MGM REIT offering. If you could walk us through the rules on Singapore, any thoughts you may have on monetization of the mall and what kind of multiple those assets are trading at in Asia.
Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: We always have thoughts of monetizing anything except our core assets. We have been thinking about we cannot monetize anything until 2017 in Singapore. That's the rules under which we got our license. So, we have been approached. We have been talking to people. The cap rates are attractive, and we may or may not sell a portion. We don't know – I'm going next month to see the government in Singapore and we'll see what they think about it.
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I'd add one thing to Sheldon's comments is that part of the reason we've been looking at selling that mall, he always thought about selling malls as we did here in Las Vegas 12 years ago. The one thing Sheldon has been steadfast about is maximizing the value. You've seen that mall in this difficult environment continues to produce more EBITDA every month, every quarter. It did again this quarter. Our team over there has done a great job of merchandising that mall to a level where it's the premier mall in Singapore we believe. And it just keeps getting better. We recognize interest rates are at historical favorable position for us and for the first time Mr. Adelson has taken at least some – fielded some phone calls from people who want to buy a part of that. So it's under consideration. It's a very valuable mall. I think cap rates are going to be extraordinary for that mall, or for any mall we sell over there. But I think his vision of not selling it has been vindicated, because it just keeps getting better. It got to $100 million, then $125 million, $150 million. We think it just keeps going, and maybe $200 million makes that mall probably one of the most valuable malls in the world today, if not the most valuable. So we're very excited.
Lawrence J. Haverty - The Gabelli Multimedia Trust, Inc.: We're talking about a 3%, 4% cap rate, I presume, Rob. Right?
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think, Mr. Adelson and most people would say 3%, 4%, he might be more aggressive than that. But I'll let him comment. Yes, God bless him.
Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Yes, I think that it appears, based upon the conversations we've been having that a cap rate between 3% and 4% is doable. Of course, if we get down to 3%, why can't we get down to 2%-something?
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: And there lies the magic. But I will tell you that our team over there, led by David Sylvester, just keeps improving that mall. And we've got some more deals in the pipeline we're working on that it just gets better. If you haven't been there recently, you should go visit. It's very impressive, and we think it just keeps moving upward. So you marry that to these wonderful cap rates, and it's a great story for us and for the first time we're at least listening to people's perspectives.
Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Trump is not the only guy that's a good negotiator. I've been accused of that.
Lawrence J. Haverty - The Gabelli Multimedia Trust, Inc.: That's all for me.
Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thanks, Larry.
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: You mentioned in the remarks earlier, obviously, about the $140 million of labor shifting and then an additional $60 million. Obviously, you guys had over $200 million of cost saves this year. How should we think about where you are in the current program, and then as we think about 2016, beyond the labor, that incremental $60 million, what segments do you plan to attack?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Carlo, it's Patrick. How are you?
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good. And yourself?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Very good, thanks. So the $250 million has been realized. The number is in the books. You see the effect of that through the first quarter. The $60 million that was referred to in the script is new incremental cost savings. The $140 million is labor and other expense that will actually be shifted over to The Parisian once it begins operation. So what you're looking at is $200 million that would be cost savings in the existing asset base in 2017.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. Okay. And then if you guys could, obviously, the direct business on the VIP side has trended a little bit better than the junket business, per se. Could you talk a little bit about those customers and where they're coming from? Or are those just customers coming from outside of mainland China that are more your direct customers? Or are you starting to see junket customers more so playing on a direct basis with you guys?
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hey, Carlo. It's Rob. I think it's a mixture of both of those. We're actually seeing some older Hong Kong customers we've known for 100 years who keep coming in and gamble large and have no issue. We're also seeing some mainland business that has come over from the junket side. To your point, we're trading up in that segment. It's getting better, it's improving. I don't think at the end of the day it's going to be that material. We're really more focused on the growth of our mass story. We'll take the business – we'll only take the credit we feel very comfortable with. We're very, very I guess demanding in terms of credit issuance. But the story there is better, it's improving. The junket business may be a small contributor, but most of the people in that segment are really people we've known for a lot of years who are very established, have large bank accounts that can move the money without any issue, and it's a positive story, but I think our real focus, our real belief in the future of Cotai is going to be in that mass, premium mass growth. That's where we're going to make most of our dollars.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys.
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thanks.
Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good afternoon, everyone. Rob or Sheldon, I just wanted to touch a little more on maybe some of the non-gaming in Macao that you guys saw. It looks like on the one side we saw year-over-year growth of 4% in the mass market, which we haven't seen in close to two years. On the other side, if we look at just sort of the non-gaming categories of rooms, retail, food and beverage and convention, I think, all-in we're calculating that it was probably down about 10% year-on-year. So as you think about new capacity coming into the market, could you help us just think about what you're seeing in the non-gaming side of the business at the moment?
Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I think on the retail side, there is the slowdown in China that is affecting the amount of money that people are spending. There's certain categories of the retail that are doing good and there are other categories that are not doing as good. The room rates, which are the biggest non-gaming category are the other properties that have opened, Studio City and Phase 2 of the Galaxy, they're dropping rates because they're trying to fill up their rooms. They don't have the MICE-based pressure on room demands like we do. So they're dropping their rates, their ADRs, and so we've got to compete with that. But I don't see that this is going to be permanent. When we open The Parisian I'm completely confident, more than confident. Just take a look at the picture of The Parisian. It's in the supplemental deck, you can – what page is that?
Daniel J. Briggs - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: 14.
Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Page 14. You can see the picture, and that is going to be a really, really major attraction. It'll be equal to The Venetian, but of course The Venetian, we've competed against two new openings and The Venetian is still attracting virtually a number equal to the entire visitation in all of Macao. I think the number was 30 million. So, as I've said repeatedly, the industry is cyclical. We're not going down on the rooms. There are conversations about the VIP. Some of the analysts and some of the journalists are talking about and quoting some of the junket operators. The junket market has stabilized. The mass market has increased. It's performed better, and I think we can look forward to more of that. And as far as the non-gaming is concerned, people have to eat, they have to sleep, they want to be entertained, there are the non-gaming elements that I think will pick up again and do better in the future.
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Shaun, just a couple thoughts on our retail for a second. We traded down to $86.5 million for the quarter, which gives a run rate of $340 million or so. So if you cap that at some reasonable number, it's still worth $8 billion, $9 billion that retail mall which is (34:56) our buildings there. And although it's down from $95.3 million, it's still a great asset. It does two things: it creates lots of EBITDA, $350 million a year, roughly $340 million. It also creates lots of sticky visitation. People sleep in the building. It helps our room sales. So I think our retail business there still is incredibly important and $340 million, $350 million of EBITDA. On the issue of room sales we've been doing it longer than anybody else over there. We're more diverse. We have more penetration. We have 13,000 keys to sell nightly as of this fall. So I think our team has been on the ground a lot longer and we sell a lot more rooms than anybody else. We have to, because we have more rooms than anybody else. And so I think our focus on non-gaming is very high. It's still a very important business. Other people will focus more on the pure gaming play. But I do think we'll survive and succeed despite more rooms coming online. Again, as you know, it's a weekend holiday-driven market. That's where we excel. That's where we make most our EBITDA, and that combination of the shopping, the retail, the diversity of room product and our room team selling retail rooms to a non-gamer. We're trying to penetrate mainland China. Our focus is not to sell rooms cheaply in Hong Kong to people looking for the best deal. That's what's happening a lot in that market is deep discounting where you can buy a room for sub-$100 a day. Our goal and our team's goal is to stay occupied with mostly people coming from further away, a larger shopping/gaming budget, and I think that's going to prove to be a very big advantage for us in The Parisian and throughout the entire portfolio. We're longer doing this, we're better at it, so we have more experience. And again, we have the convention space as well. So we're very focused on maximizing our retail non-gaming portfolio in Macao.
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you both for all the detail.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, thank you. Rob and Sheldon, you guys have made your excitement for the opening of The Parisian very clear. But as you prepare for the opening and then the new competition coming from your peers, what are you doing at your other properties in Macao in terms of maybe slot floor reconfiguration, new restaurants, attractions and so on to prepare for the new competition?
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Look, it's an ongoing process. Sheldon's authorized us, we're basically spending a lot of money to rehab our products and keep them fresh. We're in the middle of a redo of every room at The Venetian, as we speak, redoing all the Four Seasons rooms. We are looking at our F&B offerings with a little more of a jaundiced eye, if you will. We're looking closely at how we can do better. We don't think we've done as well. Some of our competitors have done very well in the restaurant offerings. We're very happy with our retail. We're less happy with some of our F&B. We want to get better at that. But, to your point, it's a very competitive place, $20 billion of fresh capital coming online last year and this year. We need to be very good at this and last one is Macao, we made a concerted effort to rethink a lot of our F&B offerings, redo the rooms, redo gaming floors, constantly reinvesting in the slot machines, always buying new games, new ETGs, rethinking signage, rethinking floors, keeping The Venetian fresh. It's the only asset left in Macao that does $1 billion-plus. It's approaching its, what, ninth year anniversary? Actually, tenth year next year. So, it's an amazing machine, but you've got to respect the customer and always reinvest in F&B, retail, the room offerings, and we're very, very cognizant. And our CapEx budget for Macao is extraordinary, hundreds of millions of dollars annually. So we're very focused on that as well as our shortcomings how to get better. Very competitive market, very serious people coming to the market with new products on Cotai. We're very, very careful and constantly reexamining how we can do better in Macao.
Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Felicia, this is Sheldon. We have good news and we have a little less than good news. The good news is that my vision about Cotai Strip has come to fruition. That the Cotai Strip has taken over the majority percentage of the GGR, the gross gaming revenue in Macao. You've been around long enough to remember back in 2004 when Stanley Ho and I had – we had disagreements over whether or not Cotai was going to even survive. And at that time, I said the Peninsula is going to be comparable to the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas downtown. But we can easily pick up the Sands tables and bring them to Macao and make the hold 100% best. But the fact is that the bridge from Hong Kong, the Hong Kong Zhuhai-Macao bridge will be opening, I think, in 2017 or 2018 and nobody knows how it will affect the – we don't know where – the islands that are off the Peninsula where everybody is going to park, they'll distribute the visitors by bus. So we don't know where those bus routes are going to be, but everybody believes that will help out the Peninsula. And of course, I just read an article today that the light rail won't be completed until 2019. So that still leaves three years waiting for that. So, of course, we're doing everything we can to maintain the growth potential of the other properties. We're not going to – because we think The Parisian is going to be a whopper of an opening and a whopper of an operating (41:14) that we're going to ignore the other places. No, no, no, we're doing everything we can. We're improving the retail, we're improving the rooms, we've allocated money for The Venetian. Look, 30 million visitors, which is equivalent to one visit for every visitor coming into Macao is something to write home about. So, we're not ignoring and we're not going to rest on our laurels. We're going to continue to promote and continue to market our other properties. And we just believe that without a doubt in our mind, The Parisian opening will be the best by far of all the six concessionaires opening new properties.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks for that. And I think it sounds like you're more optimistic than others on that bridge opening. But my follow-up question is just in terms of the cost structure, and thank you for the details you gave us at the beginning of the prepared remarks, I'm just wondering which property will benefit the most from the shift in labor to The Parisian? Is one property kind of holding more FTEs than others?
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Sorry, so it'll probably be proportional shifted from The Venetian. So the property that will benefit the most is likely going to be The Venetian, although there will be some from Sands Cotai Central.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Patrick Dumont - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: No problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Your line is open.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Great. I just have two quick ones. One is, do you think it's reasonable to think that you'll get 250 tables for The Parisian; is that kind of your expectation at this point? And then also Rob, you mentioned that March was not as strong as January, February in Q1. I wonder if you could just give a little color since we're three weeks into April, you said March was an aberration and whether that's going to continue? Thanks.
Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I didn't understand that question.
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Well Robin, March, obviously I made the comment because I don't know what's going to happen. I don't want to pretend to have clarity of the future. But it was disappointing after a really great February and a really pretty strong January. I think the entire market felt the doldrums. And when you look at the global numbers of Chinese tourism, et cetera, it's pretty dismal as well. We're hoping it was an aberration. We're hoping for a good strong April, May, June. But obviously we can't give guidance what's going to happen. I think it was across the board, so that's reason to believe that something was happening over there. I don't think we are alone in this concern. But as for the future, we don't comment, as you know and we're just hoping for return to numbers that resemble more like January and February. As for the tables, I think we again, we've learned to be respectful and wait for the government's guidance. We're hoping we're treated fairly. I think Sheldon, if anybody's been a visionary and a guy who plunges and puts his money where his mouth is, he has. The Cotai Strip is now pretty clear what it's done, that was his vision. I would hope the government will treat us fairly and respectfully. But whatever the decision is, we'll embrace it and hope we get the best treatment we can get. I don't know if it's 250 tables, 10,000 tables. But we're hoping for a fair treatment, and whatever it is, it is. As you know, because of our other buildings we have a lot of tables that are market ready, but we'll need the tables for The Parisian. We will need tables because we think the mass demand for that property is going to be overwhelming. We don't pretend it's going to be – it may not be at The Venetian level from day one but I think that when you see it, it's got a lot of mass appeal. The themed feel of that building is pretty impeccable. It's very seductive when you go through it. I think it will get a lot of demand. So hopefully we have a lot of tables the government will grant us.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks. And maybe just a last little follow-up is; without thinking about knowing what May and June is going to look like, how do you feel about what you've seen in April so far? So not forward-looking, but just looking at the last three weeks. Do you feel like so far not necessarily a change from the tone of business in March?
Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Robin, one month does not a trend make. We can't say authoritatively that it's an aberration. It's not an aberration. I mean, if January and February were good, why do we think that March could have been an aberration or it signals a trend? It's too early. It's only one month.
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Hey, Robin. Just one thing, I want to go back to the earlier comment, just because of our, I mean, the fact that we've invested more than anybody by a landslide in non-gaming in Macao, I think we hope that on the table issue we'd be treated equally. No one's built more retail, more convention space, more sleeping rooms, more anything than us. And we'd hope that will be taken into consideration by the government. So we'll see how that plays out.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: We have time for one more question. That question is from David Katz with Telsey Advisory Group. Your line is open.
David Katz - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Hi. Afternoon. Well done. Congratulations on a solid quarter. And I'm not sure if I'm exactly following up what Robin was getting at also, but as we look out 12 months to 24 months with the new projects opening, what are the key factors or the gating factors, or what needs to happen in terms of really just getting new people into the market, and quite frankly, extracting greater spending from those people? Because your execution, your ability to execute, is quite clear. But it appears that the market, at the moment anyway, is constrained. And so for everyone to be successful, it has to come from somewhere. How do you envision that?
Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: Well, my comment is, is just repeat again: everything is cyclical. We've been in Macao for 12 years now. And there have been times over the 12 years that people thought that the business is going down, and then it's going to go up. I remember somebody saying that things are going to hell in a hand basket because the growth that year was only going to be 50% and people were projecting 70%. I mean everything is cyclical. It's going to change. People that come from China that aren't coming now will come again. The same thing with the high end of the market; we are seeing an increase in our premium direct, meaning the high rollers that are not going to the junkets, we're seeing junkets, more regulation of the junkets. Just everything evolves and I don't see that we can take away any direction of a trend for one month. So if March wasn't as good as January or February, so be it. Who knows? It could have been the weather; it could have been anything else. But I am very optimistic. I have no reason to be pessimistic. In fact, I have more reason to be optimistic at least in our placement within the framework of the six concessionaires. We are holding, we are up at close to 40% of the business and EBITDA in Macao and you can't have six 40-percenters.
David Katz - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: That's good because you (49:50).
Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: You know, it will add up to more than a 100 and it won't be because of rounding. So our competitors, we think that, look we respect our competitors. We respect Wynn, we respect Galaxy, we respect the others, we don't necessarily agree with how they do things. So we just focus on how we do things. And we've tried to improve every aspect of our business and we don't give up on it. We spend an enormous amount of money on CapEx. We had a board meeting yesterday and we told the board from our development department which handles CapEx and we had a very large amount of money scheduled to keep things in good shape. Look we have so many rooms. We'll be the only destination in the world that will have two, 13,000 rooms available without leaving the building.
Robert Glen Goldstein - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: I would just add to Sheldon's comment, it's Rob. I just wanted – it's like no place in the world. I've been going there for three decades, since the early 1980s and there's a billion plus Chinese people, enormous propensity to gamble, billions and billions of dollars we import into Cotai. Anyone that thinks this market is done growing is simply silly. We don't know when it starts growing again, but it will grow. And to Sheldon's point life does go up and down. As you get old you recognize that. There'll be a day, and I can't tell when that day will be, but a lot of faith in what we've seen, the new products there. I think the Wynn product will be great. Our product will be exemplary and I think this market will resurrect, we just don't know when. To your point, you've got to grow some GGR for everyone to win. We've been winning for a long time there. We have huge faith in the government, in the market and the question is when does that time come? Is it later this year? I hope so. Hope it's this fall. Maybe it's the opening of the Wynn, the opening of The Parisian. But it's too wonderful a market with too many people close by who love to gamble and too many great products for it not to resurrect and come back to a growth process. So we're weathering the storm. We've proven we can run our business very well in a difficult environment. I think our team over there has done great work with the cost cutting, cost controls. I think Sheldon's vision in Cotai is coming to full fruition this fall. Believe it or not, we're encouraged. We think the turn is coming, but we don't want to point to a month or a day. We just believe, long term, this is a great place to be. So let's hope for the best and hope for a healthy second quarter ahead of us.
David Katz - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Thanks for your comments. I appreciate it.
Sheldon Gary Adelson - Las Vegas Sands Corp.: You're welcome.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Thank you for joining today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Sheldon G. Adelson - Chairman and CEO Robert G. Goldstein - President and COO Patrick Dumont - SVP Finance and Strategy Daniel Briggs - SVP of IR
Analysts: Joe Greff - JPMorgan Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Chris Jones - Union Gaming Group Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Robin Farley - UBS
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Chris and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time, I’d like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corporation’s Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call led by Mr. Daniel Briggs, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference, sir.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you, Chris. Joining me today on the call are Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Goldstein, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Patrick Dumont, our Senior Vice President of Finance and Strategy. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we're making under the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal Security Laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption forward-looking statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income and hold-normalized adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS and hold-normalized adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted property EBITDA and hold-normalized adjusted property EBITDA and constant currency results, all of which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. We also want to inform you that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations Web site for your use. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the Q&A session, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question, so we might allow everyone with interest to participate. With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today and thank you for the introduction, Dan. I am pleased we continue to execute our strategic objectives during the quarter and despite the continuing challenges in the Macao market, we again delivered a strong set of financial results with companywide hold-normalized EBITDA reaching $1.70 billion. For full year 2015 and against a backdrop of 34% decline in Macao’s gross gaming revenue, we generated companywide EBITDA of $4,200,000,000. This industry leading cash generation reflects both the strength of our business model and the geographic diversity of our cash flows, and underpins our balance sheet strength. Accordingly, we continue to return excess cash to shareholders while maintaining our ability to invest in new development opportunities. Our unique MICE-based integrated resort business model positively differentiates us from our competitors, in terms of both financial performance and economic contribution to our host jurisdictions. In Macao, our adjusted property EBITDA was up 7% quarter-on-quarter enabling us to finish 2015 with our best quarterly EBITDA for the year, despite the arrival of new competition. Our quarter four EBITDA margin in Macao improved both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter. In Singapore, Marina Bay Sands delivered another strong result on a constant currency basis and excluding the property tax refund. In the fourth quarter of 2014, Marina Bay Sands hold-normalized EBITDA was up 12% as mass win-per-day was up 6% and reached another quarterly record when measured in Singapore dollars. The Venetian Macau is today the iconic, must-see integrated resort destination in Macau welcoming over 30 million visitors annually and when we calculate all the visitation to all our properties, we have an average of 2 to 1 visitations from 30 million visitors. So we last year welcomed 61 million or 62 million visitors. That’s an average of two visits to any one of our properties for each visitor. Despite all the headwinds and challenges of 2015, the Venetian Macau produced $1.1 billion of EBITDA for the year and was the only Macau property to exceed 1 billion plus in EBITDA. Indeed, the only other integrated resort property in the world that earned more than $1 billion in EBITDA for 2015 is at our Marina Bay Sands. I’ve not a shadow of doubt that the Parisian, which is to open later this year, will replicate the success in the Venetian as another theme iconic, must-see integrated resort destination for Macau’s visitors. In Macau, our share of EBITDA in the six operated markets has continued to increase and around 37% in the first nine months of 2015, up from 34% in 2014. In fact, in quarter three, our EBITDA share climbed to 38%. In Singapore, our share of EBITDA of the duopoly market increased to 68% in the first nine months of 2015, up from 65% in 2014. Because of industry leading investments in Macau and Singapore, we are unique in the absolute scale of our cash flow as well as our dominant share of the industry’s cash flow. Scale, diversity and critical mass allows us to outperform our competitors. This was my plan when I conceived of the Cotai Strip. There was in one of the clippings I read this week, it said that the visitation or the GGR in Cotai, which is my baby, was 60% and the peninsula was 40% when it used to be virtually 100% to the peninsula. A retail mall portfolio is another unique differentiator. For 2015, the operating profit of our malls in Macau and Singapore reached $0.5 billion. I’m pleased to highlight that despite the downturn in luxury retail in Greater China, our Macau mall revenue still grew by 4% in 2015. We are also clearly differentiated by the strength of our balance sheet. The balance sheet strength at 1.7 times net debt to EBITDA at year end allows us to stay fully committed to our development plans while continuing to return excess capital to shareholders. Again, this is unique in our industry. Now let me give you some additional highlights of our results in Macau for the quarter. For quarter four, Sands China EBITDA was $581 million, up 7% over the prior quarter. On a hold-normalized basis, EBITDA was $555 million, up 3% over prior quarter. We do see stabilization in gaming revenue trends. In the mass gaming segment, our non-rolling drop was down just 1% over the prior quarter, despite new competition that has predominately focused on the mass market. Our VIP rolling volumes were actually up 5% over the prior quarter outperforming the 2% sequential increase in the Macau market. We continue to benefit from the scale of our hotel room inventory. In a market with peak periods, the weekends and holidays matter more than ever before and where mass-market customers will generate the lion's share of future revenue and profit growth. We believe our capacity advantage will be further amplified. Weekends and public holidays, which represent about one-third of calendar days, generate almost half of our EBITDA. I was in Macau in mid-December to officiate at the opening of the St. Regis hotel. Despite adding 400 keys to our portfolio, our hotels were running at virtually full occupancy during the entire Christmas and Western New Year period. More importantly, the impact on our premium mass gaming revenue in the Himalaya casino at Sands Cotai Central has been very positive. Our win-per-unit in Dragon's Palace, the high limit area in Himalaya is running at about $16,000 since the St. Regis opening, an increase of over 60% when compared to the two months prior to the hotel opening. We will continue to make investments in Sands Cotai Central. In addition to the opening of the St. Regis hotel, we will also be expanding the retail mall in the Northwest corner of Sands Cotai Central and will open both Planet J and the Monkey King Theatre Show during the course of 2016. When Planet J is launched, it will be a one-of-a-kind attraction drawing families from across the region and beyond. We are also planning to connect a Parisian to Sands Cotai Central with an air-conditioned walkover bridge equipped with airport style moving sidewalks. In respect to cost efficiencies, we achieved approximately $250 million of savings in 2015 well in excess of our $200 million goal. Hold-normalized EBITDA margin in Macau improved by 130 basis points to 34.7% primarily reflecting cost efficiencies. I’m pleased that since quarter one of 2015 we have been able to maintain high levels of market shares despite new competition while controlling costs and increasing labor productivity. We believe margin can continue to expand in the future and in particular as the Parisian opens. Rob will elaborate further in his discussion later. With the completion of the Parisian, we will have almost 13,000 hotel rooms in four interconnected hotels, over 840 stores across four shopping malls with the potential to add several hundred more stores in future development phases subject to government approval, 2 million square feet of meeting and exhibition space and four performance and event venues including our Venetian CotaiArena, which can be utilized either for our MICE business or major entertainment events. Business and leisure visitors to Macau will be able to enjoy all of this and more under one roof in one destination. In order to go to 13,000 hotel rooms, all these retail malls, all the individual stores, you won’t have to leave the building. You’ll be connected with air-conditioned pedestrian walkways, a one-of-a-kind in the world. I believe this will help to increase the length of stay in Macau as well as reduce overcrowding issues in the traditional tourism hotspots in Macau. I’m encouraged that based on the latest government statistics, average length of stay for overnight visitors to Macau actually increased in 2015 from 1.9 nights to 2.1 nights. I believe this will further increase as we complete the next stage of our development on the Cotai Strip. We remain fully committed to playing the pioneering role in Macau’s transformation into Asia’s leading business and leisure tourism destination. Our track record in being transformative pioneers in MICE, retail, and entertainment speaks for itself. And no less important is the decade-long effort we have made in developing to promoting the local talent that is necessary to operate and grow our business over the long term. In 2004, only 7% of 900 or so managerial staff were locals. Today, 86% of our 2,700 or so managerial staff are locals. In summary, we regard it as a privilege to contribute to Macau’s success in realizing its objectives of diversifying its economy, supporting the growth of local businesses, providing meaningful career development opportunities for its citizens and reaching its full potential as Asia's leading business and leisure tourism destination. We have steadfast confidence in both our and Macau’s future success. Now moving on to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. We delivered another strong quarter at Marina Bay Sands, which despite the impact of the stronger U.S. dollar generated hold-normalized EBITDA of $375 million. As I mentioned earlier, on a constant currency basis and including the property tax refund, we received in last year’s fourth quarter a hold-normalized EBITDA increased 12%. Mass win-per-day was $4.6 million. When adjusted for the currency effect, our mass win-per-day was up by 6% year-on-year resulting in our best-ever quarter in mass gaming revenues when measured in Singapore dollars. That strong performance was principally driven by the successful execution of our strategy to bring foreign premium mass customers to Singapore. Now on to my favorite subject, the return of capital to shareholders, yay dividends. We announced last quarter that the Las Vegas Sands' Board of Directors has approved a 10.8% increase in our recurring dividend program for the 2016 calendar year to $2.88 for the year or $0.72 per quarter. We remain committed to maintaining our recurring dividend programs at both Las Vegas and Sands China, and we remain committed to increasing those recurring dividends in the future as our cash flows grow. At the same time, we remain optimistic in returning excess capital via a share repurchase program. We bought back $60 million of stock in the most recent quarter. We look forward to continuing to utilize the stock buyback program to return excess capital to shareholders and to enhance long-term shareholder returns. Our industry-leading cash flows, geographic diversity and balance sheet strength enable us to continue these recurring dividend and stock repurchase programs while retaining ample financial flexibility to invest for future growth and pursue new development opportunities. Thanks again for joining us on the call today, and now we’ll take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon, everybody. Sheldon, in your prepared remarks you referenced that you do see stabilization in the mass segment. Can you talk about how you define stabilization, how you’re looking at or what specifically you’re looking at to gauge whether there’s stabilization or not in the fourth quarter and in the 1Q? And then I have a quick follow up. Thank you.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Well, if you – look, it’s just 70 years of experience that I have in business. So, after I made that verbal prognostication, which very hard to do prognostications particularly of the future. And I said to the inquirer, the personals not to the newspaper but to the person who was asking questions of me that I thought we had either hit bottom in the mass market or we are bottoming out. Ever since I said I’ve been reading the issues, I’m been reading from analyst reports and from other Sands China reports that I get daily, other clippings that people are starting to believe that and some of the numbers put out and experienced through December and January indicate to me that that’s the case. It’s not the case with every operator, every one of the six, it is the case with us.
Joe Greff: Okay, great. And then Rob, can you just talk about your outlook for Las Vegas? I know it means less to you than Singapore or Macau, but I guess our view on Las Vegas right now it’s a pretty good environment for room RevPAR growth and non-gaming spend. I guess maybe can you share with us what you’re seeing on the gaming side particularly given some of the recent turmoil in the equity markets?
Robert G. Goldstein: Running Las Vegas, Joe, is – I agree with you, the direction is positive. It’s an ADR RevPAR story more than a gaming story. We have 7,100 keys right now in this environment and we think we can do over $400 million here annually if the markets hold up. All the segments are performing well, the FIT wholesale and I think it’s been a strong year for the lodging side. Gaming is a mixed bag. We are very pleased with our mass slot and table business in the last quarter. We’re seeing softness in the high end premium because it emanates from China and Asia. My view is the market in Las Vegas feels good, feels favorable and it’s a RevPAR ADR lodging story more than anything else and visitation keeps climbing. I think Vegas is doing sale for too long and perhaps the market is responding favorably to the price – the price movement is in the right direction and good for everybody and we’re certainly participating. So we’re on line with you on that, we agree.
Joe Greff: Great. Thanks, guys. Good job.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix from Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Rob, hi.
Robert G. Goldstein: Hi, Felicia, how are you?
Felicia Hendrix: Great. On the Parisian, you’ve now seen two properties opened in the market, neither have moved the needle in terms of the impact to the market and you guys are obviously excited about the opening of your property. So I’m just wondering as you have observed the performance of both properties, what learnings if any can you apply to the Parisian? And also I think there’s been recent headlines that Win Palace might be delayed past June. Wondering if that could have any impact on your opening date for the Parisian?
Robert G. Goldstein: Sheldon will take that.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Yes. I’ve answered this question in previous earning calls that I don’t want to tell people what mistakes they’ve made because in case they expand, I don’t want my competitors to correct it. So all I could say is we think we’re doing it right and if they’re not going to expand like we will, then maybe they know something we don’t know or maybe they don’t know something that we do know.
Felicia Hendrix: Maybe I can rephrase. In your prepared remarks you said Rob was going to touch more upon some of the exciting things that you were thinking about the Parisian, so maybe Rob could touch on that.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Was it something I said?
Felicia Hendrix: You did. In your prepared remarks, you said – you were talking about the Parisian and then you said Rob will have more to touch upon that later.
Sheldon G. Adelson: I said that.
Felicia Hendrix: So, Rob?
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes, we see it pretty simple. I was there last week and without commenting on other properties, the Parisian is unique. It emulates the theme approach of the Venetian, which as Shell alluded to was a $1 billion property. The Venetian might be the greatest return on invested capital in this industry. And the fact is we think being on Cotai has a mass product with the kind of elements and attractions that I think will appeal to mass Chinese visitors. I think it is unique. I think when you walk on the floor as I did and you see the room product and the mass product we’ve created there, it’s pretty special. I’d be really surprised if the Parisian doesn’t do very, very well out of the gate. It’s also on Cotai, which is our big positive as the migration moves from the peninsula to Cotai, it’s got that built-in advantage of having that. And I just think we have the ability with a theme product, with our margin focus, with our ability to be on Cotai will be 13,000 sleeping rooms on Cotai. The Parisian is part of the family of success on Cotai that I think will be very strong. But again, I think the physical product, when you walk through it and you see that Parisian look and feel, it feels lot like another version of Venetian which I think is an inherent advantage. It can’t be copied. So we feel very bullish about it. And with the opening of Win and Parisian next year that migration of revenue from peninsula to Cotai continues. So, yes, we feel very good about it and that’s our take. You also mentioned the possible Win delay. I don’t know any more than you do about the timing of Win Palace, so I think you have to ask the folks at Win about that. I just don’t know any more than I’ve read in the clippings. It sounds like they’re still shooting for a summer opening but I don’t know --
Felicia Hendrix: No, I was wondering if they were delayed if it would affect your opening timing.
Robert G. Goldstein: No. We want to open as soon as we can. We believe the product will do very well, the sooner the better and it won’t delay our opening at all. We plan to be open as soon as we can. If that’s September, October, whenever it is, we’ll open the doors.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. And then you saved more than you expected this year or last year in 2015. How should we think about cost savings in 2016?
Robert G. Goldstein: We’ll keep trying but I think the bulk of the cost savings are there for you to see. I’m not sure where else we can – we can continue to be judicious about spend, we can look at all the areas from marketing, entertainment, payroll, gaming reinvestment OpEx, non-gaming OpEx. And obviously everything is on the table but we did 250 all-in this year and we just want to keep moving in that direction. But we are hoping for a growth in gaming revenues to make it best challenging on the cost side. So we feel very good what the teams achieved this year and we’ll just keep looking for more. But again the lion’s share is there.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Robert G. Goldstein: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Jones from Union Gaming. Your line is open.
Chris Jones: Excellent. Thank you for taking my question. First, it’s been about kind of the 10-year mark on Marina Bay Sands. I was wondering if you could comment about what your plans are for the Marina Bay Sands mall at this point.
Robert G. Goldstein: You’re ahead of us, Chris. It was opened in '10, so we’re on our sixth year of operation there.
Chris Jones: Okay.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Are you talking about 10 years from the time the license was granted?
Chris Jones: Right, precisely.
Robert G. Goldstein: Well, we’re six years into operation and I think the mall numbers there just keep getting better. We’re very, very pleased with how it’s performed. On a currency adjustment basis, it’s up again and about 7% both in profit and sale. So feel really bullish. I was there last week and the mall has pretty much been re-merchandized by our retail team in a very favorable way. I think there’s some softness in the Singapore retail market but we’re not feeling it. Both our luxury and our mass sales are up and feel very good about it. And it just keeps getting better and that’s our take on Singapore retail.
Chris Jones: And then just my quick follow up as it relates to just development and given that Japan is delayed a little bit, are [indiscernible] what are you guys thinking about other development beyond that, whether it be South America, Brazil or back in the United States in New Jersey? Any comments there? Thank you.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Can I finish on what Rob said?
Chris Jones: Okay.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Orchard Road according to the clippings was down across the board and Marina Bay Sands – the shops at Marina Bay Sands was up, were 100% rented and notwithstanding that the most popular street in all of Asia, Orchard Road in Singapore went down, the shops at Marina Bay Sands went up.
Chris Jones: Thank you. As it relates to development opportunities outside of Macau, are there opportunities perhaps in Asia or rest of the world?
Sheldon G. Adelson: We continue to lobby in four countries; Japan, Korea, Vietnam, Thailand and the newly elected President or Prime Minister of Taiwan does not offer a lot of optimism for changing the previously approved Taiwan Strait legalizing gaming, enabling gaming in the Taiwanese Strait to the Mainland, which there was discussion of before. The current head of the government said – I don’t know which Prime Minister or President said that – at the clippings say that she is anti-gaming in our programming. So we’ll cross off Taiwan as a potential for the time being. But the Asians don’t move very fast. So we are watching if we have people in various places representing us and as soon as something happens there we’ll be right there paying attention to it. We are interested in Northern New Jersey but right now we don’t have though I’m interested in buying out a casino in Atlantic City. It looks like Atlantic City will – Atlantic City operators will have the first option to apply within 60 days with a plus – 1 billion or a plus program to open in Northern New Jersey. If that doesn’t work out or they don’t provide the components that non-Atlantic City operators can provide, it will be that the government will reach out outside of the Atlantic City operators. We feel that with a much focused – a convention focused marketing theme and development theme business model that we would be a prime candidate. You mentioned Brazil, we haven’t gone to Brazil but we’re contemplating doing that. We’re in touch with somebody down there who’s got a business going, some Americans and be knowing [ph] for many years. And so we’re going to look at that. But we have some concerns about inflation and about the currency and about the economy there. So we think it’s potentially a very good opportunity. And outside of that, we are interested in Atlanta. And I read a clipping recently last week that the state of Texas is interested in getting rid of the eight-liners, whatever they call them, of which there are tens if not hundreds of thousands of slots. They’re everywhere and the possibility if that exist that we would be a candidate for one of the main cities, maybe Dallas and Fort Worth or Houston which would be the leading candidates for us. So wherever there’s an opportunity, we’re looking at everything. We don’t miss one.
Robert G. Goldstein: One follow-up comment to Sheldon about New Jersey. We’d very much be interested if they weren’t real multibillion dollars worth to create bona fide tours and MICE opportunities and not just simply overtaxed slot bonds, we don’t do that. But if that opportunity is there, we’d be keenly interested.
Chris Jones: Perfect. Thank you.
Sheldon G. Adelson: You said the English phrase keen --
Robert G. Goldstein: Keen; excited.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Shaun Kelley: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Maybe a little bit more of a theoretical question but I think part of the economists out there currently are pretty focused on what’s going on in the currency markets. And I’m curious to get your thoughts a little bit on what do you see the impact of a weakening RMB being both sort of the fundamentals that you’ve kind of gone through so far in Macau? And more importantly I think if we’re to see a more material devaluation in the future, what do you think some of the fallout or potential implications for Macau and Singapore could be?
Sheldon G. Adelson: I’ll leave that up to Patrick to answer.
Patrick Dumont: So, it’s a very interesting discussion. I think the hardest part about it that we’ve seen in the last quarter is the change in our purchasing power in dollars so that as you noticed in our financials we actually show a currency-adjusted result from Marina Bay Sands. So that’s the near-term impact from the changing of the RMB in the devaluation. I think long term, it’s really hard to call. I think it’s hard for anyone to figure out exactly what the impact will be and how the currency may continue to devalue. The only thing is we’re looking at hedging programs, we’re speaking to economists and doing our best to evaluate the impact to the business. But in terms of long-term impact on our customers, it’s hard to say. A devaluation of currency could impact manufacturing economy there and drive further growth in the economy. Other people have different views. So now we’re just studying it and hopefully we’ll continue to grow our business in the face of any currency changes that may occur.
Shaun Kelley: That’s helpful, Patrick. Maybe just one follow up on it. Do you guys think you saw any impact just to the typical mass consumer due to a weaker RMB in the fourth quarter? I mean, putting it differentially, do you think actually numbers could have been a little bit stronger if you hadn’t had an RMB headwind or is it too difficult to tell?
Robert G. Goldstein: Shaun, it’s Rob. My sense is that – we really can’t discern that at this point. Our fourth quarter our mass revenues are fine, our retail spend was pretty good relative to the market. I think it’s early to tell. I think it’s more – my personal belief it’s more economic concerns if people who are gambling in Macau felt more comfortable or felt they’re going to do well financially. It’s like any place in the world. You gamble based on what you expect your earning ability to be. I think it’s too early to make that decision about RMB and customers. I think we are seeing Macau get stronger but I think it’s really the key thing for most of our customers is how – well, I heard more people in the last week is how is my job, how is my business, how is the economy doing? That seems to be the focal point.
Sheldon G. Adelson: When the mass market comes into Macau, they don’t know about the currency exchange. They too transfer the RMB and it’s not an issue with the mass market. They’re not foreign exchange fixated. Yes, there are people who [indiscernible] and absolutely are fixated with foreign exchange, but those guys are in the VIP category. But the mass market, they earn so many Renminbi, it’s the same rate of about eighth to the U.S. dollar and they could buy MOP, the Macau currency or they could buy the Hong Kong currency and play with that. So, I don’t think that it has a big impact on the mass market.
Shaun Kelley: Great. Thank you all very much.
Sheldon G. Adelson: You’re welcome.
Robert G. Goldstein: Thanks, Shaun.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Sheldon, bigger picture, if you think about that your balance sheet and your capital needs going forward, which obviously after the opening of the Parisian will lessen and you try and conceptualize that with some of the developments that you mentioned and the likelihood of them coming, what is a net leverage level that you feel comfortable running the business and obviously delivering the capital returns that you guys have and we expect you to continue to?
Sheldon G. Adelson: It’s higher than what it is today. If we’re at 1.7 – what did I say? 1.7 or 1.9.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes.
Sheldon G. Adelson: 1.7, you’re going to understand coming from a poor family that I come from to have tens of billions of dollars property with debt, which I’m fundamentally debt adverse, at 1.7 times it’s like a fantasy to me. If I were younger I could have dreamt that if I knew that I ever achieve this, I could have dreamt about that. But I never dreamt that I could be down to 1.7 and some of our debt is at sub-2%. And I think the highest of our debt of our first lien properties like 2.5, something like that. So I’m extremely happy. And so I think we’re far away – and I’d be comfortable in my minimum level of comfort, which is still large is somewhere between 2.5 and 3 personally. But I’m going to listen to the Board of Directors.
Carlo Santarelli: Great, thank you. And one follow up --
Sheldon G. Adelson: You may know they don’t listen to me.
Carlo Santarelli: Rob, and I think Sheldon mentioned in the prepared remarks you guys had already achieved 215 million. I think on the prior call you mentioned 175 million with upside to maybe 230 million or so. If you think about that 215 million and the buckets where it’s come from, could you kind of talk a little bit about how you’ve parse through that if it’s predominately labor, et cetera?
Robert G. Goldstein: The biggest number is payroll, Carlo, and the second biggest number would be marketing, entertainment costs. The third biggest number would be non-gaming OpEx, about 20%. And the smallest will be gaming reinvested in OpEx. So it’s kind of evenly divided among those four categories. As a reference to Felicia, I don’t know if we’ve got a whole lot more room to grow in those cost areas. At some point you start cutting into the muscle instead of the fat but we’re comfortable we can maintain it and we’re continuing to probe for more opportunities. A lot of people have taken on the entertainment and other issues. We used to run first in Macau. We’re happy to see control of those areas and be a ticket buyer versus an entertainment purchaser. So, we’re a little more conservative. I think we – again, the majority is out of the business now. So I wouldn’t look for whole lot more growth as far as cost cutting. And also I should reference that we’re carrying an awful lot of people and dollars being spent on payroll as we move into the Parisian. That will be a big shift away from the operating side, the overhead SCL once Parisian opens up in the fall.
Sheldon G. Adelson: We already got rid of a guy who used to have multimillion dollar losses on entertainment for major performers. We already got rid of him because he called those brand builders. We already have brand, so we don’t make those mistakes anymore.
Carlo Santarelli: Understood. Thank you both very much.
Robert G. Goldstein: Thanks, Carlo.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Robin Farley from UBS. Your line is open.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thank you. I have two questions. One is with Chinese New Year approaching, do you have any kind of observations about whether you feel like there was sufficient liquidity in the junket system to keep the number of junkets that are active there through that period? And then I have a question about the Parisian as well.
Robert G. Goldstein: Robin, I was there with a number of the junket groups last week. I do think there’s sufficient liquidity and I do think we’ve got sufficient gaming capacity because we’re going to increase our – I saw the count this morning. We feel like it’s a good run up as far as room bookings and reservations, lodging and casino for Chinese New Year and we do think the junkets – the ones that are still standing and we met with some of the top people the last week. We feel actually they’re in pretty good shape and there’s sufficient liquidity. Obviously, some have folded. I think more will fold later this year. But the people we’re doing business with, we’re very comfortable with and those who have stopped doing business are paying their bills and performing admirably, so feel good about that.
Robin Farley: Okay, great. Thanks. And then on the Parisian, I know you said you hope to open as soon as possible but can you just maybe clarify at this point are there any permits or anything – anything gating issues that are kind of not in your control, some kind of government approval or permit that could keep you from opening if you were the day that you’re ready to open whenever that may be, if there are other things outside of just the progress of you construction?
Sheldon G. Adelson: Instead of listing all of those we can list a handful of things that are in our control. The government wants – I believe the government wants us to open as soon as we can.
Robert G. Goldstein: That’s the indication.
Sheldon G. Adelson: That’s the indication that’s we’re getting but I think we will open – look, I haven’t discussed that in length with my staff but I’m personally thinking about the possibility of an early opening and partial opening. We just turned over 1,000 rooms to operations from the construction department to start installing furniture, fixtures and equipment, FF&E. It’s amazing that eight months before a scheduled opening, which we’re scheduling to September that we’re turning rooms over to the operations to provide the finishes and installing FF&E, it’s never happened before I don’t think in any property. And so our power in the rooms are going very well. So if we could finish a lot of those, maybe if the opportunity presents itself, maybe we could do a partial opening at summer time but our scheduled opening is mid-September. Now that could change because of weather, of our labor or the government. There’s no indication that there’s any major obstacle that the government is interested in putting in our place to prevent our opening. And I’ll just tell you that the reason we’re successful is because we’ve build something different and interesting. Beyond that, I won’t give anything because I once saw a movie about Houdini. It said that he didn’t disclose his secrets. So I’m taking a hint out of there.
Robin Farley: Okay. Thanks very much. Thank you.
Sheldon G. Adelson: No further questions?
Operator: No further questions at this time, sir.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Well, we can either stop or give you answers without questions?
Robert G. Goldstein: Thanks very much for your time.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-21 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Briggs - VP, IR Sheldon Adelson - Chairman Rob Goldstein - EVP & President-Global Gaming Operations
Analysts: Joe Greff - JPMorgan Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Jon Oh - CLSA Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank\ Robin Farley - UBS
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Sylvia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands 2015 Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Dan Briggs, you may begin your conference.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you, operator. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we're making under the Safe Harbor federal security laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption forward-looking statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. A definition and reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. We also want to inform you that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our investor relations website for your use. We may refer to those slides during Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the Q&A session we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question so we might allow everyone with interest to participate. With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson.
Sheldon Adelson: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased we continued to execute our strategic objectives during the quarter. And despite the continuing challenges in the Macau market, we delivered a strong set of financial results with company-wide hold-normalized adjusted property EBITDA, reaching $1.09 billion, an increase of 7% over the prior quarter. At the same time we continued to return excess capital to shareholders. It has always been clear to me that our unique MICE-based integrated resort business model positively differentiates us from our competitors, in terms of both financial performance and economic contribution to all those jurisdictions. In Macau, our hold-normalized EBITDA was up quarter-on-quarter with continued sequential improvement in our operating margin. In Singapore, Marina Bay Sands delivered yet another record quarter in mass gaming win-per-day, when measured in Singapore dollars, as well as a 20% sequential increase in rolling volumes. On a constant currency basis, Marina Bay Sands hold-normalized EBITDA was up 22.4%. At the heart of our company's success is having the right strategy at the outset. We had the courage of our convictions to build early and aggressively. We develop critical mass to scale and diversification. And we offer product and amenities that are best positioned to capture long-term tourism and consumption growth in Asia. We're unique in the scale and diversity of our portfolio. We have focused on the most stable and profitable segment, the mass market. We're clearly differentiated by the strength of our cash flow and balance sheet and we're the further distinguished versus the competition by our track record as well as the pioneer of the MICE-based integrated resort business model. That balance sheet strength at only 1.6 times net-debt-to-EBITDA allows us to stay fully committed to it development plans as well as our commitments to returning capital to shareholders. Again this is unique in our industry. Our retail mall portfolio which features the industry's broadest and deepest set of retail offerings in both Macau and Singapore, is also unique. I'm pleased to highlight that our retail mall revenues have held up well in today's retail market which is softer, in particular, at the higher end. Also we have the ability to monetize our retail mall portfolio in the future. In Macau, our share of EBITDA in the Singapore market has continued to increase to around 36% in the first six months of 2015, up from 34% in 2014. In fact, in quarter two, our EBITDA share climbed to 39%. In Singapore, our share of EBITDA of the duopoly market has increased to 65% in the first six months of 2015, up from 59% in 2014. That's notwithstanding the fact that projections of the Singapore market have been premature and exaggerated. Our operations represent a substantial portion of the EBITDA generated in all of Asia for the industry. This is truly a precedent. Now let me take you through some of the operating highlights of our results in Macau for the quarter. For quarter three on a hold-normalized basis, Sands China EBITDA was $537 million, up 1% over the prior quarter. While we consider EBITDA shared the most important metric reflecting market performance, we also held the number one spot in revenue share in the quarter, with 23.6% of the Macau markets gaming revenue. In the mass segment we do see signs of stabilization, the continued benefit from the scale of our hotel room inventory, the diversity of our product offering and the attraction of the Venetian as Macau's must-see destination. I want to remind you because we haven't talked about this before, that the casino at Venetian Macau is less than 4% of the total amount of space in the Venetian Macau. We sometimes get asked whether our capacity advantage is diminished given the recent market revenue decline. I believe the opposite is the case. In a market with peak periods, the weekends and holidays matter more than ever before and where mass-market customers will generate the lion's share of the revenue of future profit growth, our capacity advantage low, in fact, we further amplified. I believe the Venetian Macau which a must-see attraction and everybody coming to Macau will be matched by the Parisian, because it's got a geographical theme that people really want to see. Look at our market share revenue in the peak revenue periods. 26.5% in May, with the Labor Day holidays, 25.3% in August, the peak summer month and then October around 25% again for National Day Golden Week. Our hotel occupancy in the July and August summer months was 89%, 5 percentage points higher than that of the whole Macau market. In VIP gaming, despite the continued weakening of the junket segment during the quarter, our premium direct business yet again delivered a solid quarter. Our premium direct growing volumes were up 1% quarter-over-quarter versus the 17% decline in the overall market junket set. With respect to cost efficiencies, we're well on track to achieving more than $200 million of savings in 2015. Hold-normalized EBITDA margin in Macau improved sequentially to over 33%, primarily reflecting cost efficiencies. I am pleased that since quarter one, we have been able to sustain higher levels of market share while controlling costs and increasing labor productivity. Rob can elaborate further in the discussion later. With the completion of St. Regis and [indiscernible] we will have almost 13,000 hotel rooms in four interconnected resorts, over 840 retail stores across four shopping malls, with the potential to add several hundred more stores in future development phases, subject to government approval, 2 million square feet of meeting and observation space and four performance and event venues, including our Venetian CotaiArena which can be utilized either for our MICE business or major entertainment events. We remain fully committed to playing the pioneering role in Macau's transformation into Asia's leading business convention and lead gestures of destination. We have steadfast confidence in our future success, a track record in being transformative pioneers in MICE, retail and entertainment speak for itself. Now moving on to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. We delivered another strong quarter at Marina Bay Sands which despite the impact of the stronger U.S. dollar, generated hold-normalized EBITDA of $411 million, up 12% from the year-ago quarter. As I mentioned earlier, on a constant currency basis, our hold-normalized EBITDA increased over 22%, while rolling and non-rolling segments performed well. Mass win-per-day was $4.8 million, when adjusted for the currency effect, our mass win-per-day was up by 8%. That strong performance was principally driven by the successful execution of our strategy to bring premium mass customers from throughout Asia to Singapore. As a result, we delivered another all-time quarterly record in mass win-per-day in Singapore dollars. In the rolling segment, we enjoyed the best rolling volumes in any quarter since quarter one 2014. On a constant currency basis, rolling volumes were up 36% year-on-year and up 20% quarter-on-quarter. In addition, we have maintained a proven accounts receivable reserve ratio during the quarter. Our company remains committed to leading the industry compliance. Now on to my favorite subject, the return of capital to shareholders. I'm extremely pleased to announce that the Las Vegas Sands Board of Directors has approved an increase in our recurring dividend program for 2016 calendar year. The 2016 calendar Las Vegas Sands dividend will be $2.88 for the year or $0.72 per quarter. This represents a 10.8% increase over the $2.60 dividend we're paying in 2015. We remain committed to the maintenance of our recurring dividend programs at both Las Vegas Sands and Sands China and we remain committed to increasing those recurring dividends in the future as our cash flows grow. Our industry-leading cash flows, geographic diversity and balance sheet strength enable us to continue these recurring dividend programs, while retaining financial resources to invest for future growth and pursue new development opportunities. Yay dividends and yay buybacks. We bought back 80 million of stock in the most recent quarter. We have approximately $1.6 billion remaining under our current stock buyback authorization. And we look forward to continuing to utilize this stock buyback program to return excess capital to shareholders and to enhance long-term shareholder returns. I would also like to take the opportunity to welcome Mr. Wilfred Wong will join us on November 1 as President and Chief Operating Officer Sands China Limited. Wilfred brings the distinguished track record in both the public and private sectors to Sands China. We're pleased to be able to continuing to contribute to Macau's success in realizing its objectives at diversifying its economy, supporting the growth of local businesses, providing meaningful career development opportunities for citizens and reaching its full potential as Asia's leading business and leisure tours of destination. Finally, let me share that I'm extremely pleased about the depth and strength of our management team, not only at Sands China, but in Singapore, Las Vegas and in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. The strength of our team is clearly reflected in our ability to stay disciplined and continue executing our strategy in challenging brackets. I want to thank you again for joining us on the call today, now let's engage in Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Joe Greff. Your line is open.
Joe Greff: I will start with the question on Singapore I thought Macau was kind of down in the middle of the fairway. Singapore I thought that's where the biggest positive area was relative to our expectations and forecast. I suppose on the mass side and also on the VIP site. Can you talk about it a little bit Sheldon but Rob maybe go down a little bit what factors are driving relative to our expectations to better performance there, what you’re doing differently or better in the past? Different sourcing geographically, that would be helpful to understand, thank you.
Rob Goldstein: The NBS remains outstanding I think the quarter reflects our dedication to all our business statements, the lodging please, held up, very, very well both in our occupancy, the retail piece actually grew year-on-year which is exciting in these difficult times in China. Our gaming business remains exemplary. I would caution you again the VIP get a lot of attention but against highly concentrated we did every quarter relative to last six quarters. But the real start is showing I think Singapore remains our non-rolling table slot [indiscernible] performance 63% margins, $4.8 million a day. To your point of regionalization I think we benefit by being in a place that has Malaysia, Indonesia, Korea, Japan as neighborhoods. And we're very pleased with the team over there, couldn’t be more pleased in fact I see our growth getting better and better, our magic number is still $5 million a day, haven't hit yet, currency adjusted were there actually. So despite the foreign exchange headwinds, despite the problems in China, we have an annualized run-rate of about 1.150 billion coming out of stocks ETGs, it's a great business it's not credit dependent, it's not [indiscernible] dependent, as Sheldon reference we dominate the market in terms of EBITDA split. We’re just very encouraged by the business, we see the trends getting more solid for us. A lot of skepticism around Singapore but it's not China dependent. It's not high order dependent, it's very sustainable and we’re very proud that results in and the team over there has really executed where we want to be. So very, very pleased with it and hope we can keep that momentum going in the fourth quarter.
Sheldon Adelson: I think the discouragement or the pessimism about Singapore is based upon how our competitor in Singapore is doing. Can you imagine we're doing double the total amount of business? It's two to one that they are doing. We own 65% of the market. I attribute that to not only a location, quality of the product and the most important thing is that [indiscernible] has never operated in a competitive market. We have never operated in anything, but a competitive market so we understand how to compete a lot stronger than our competitor knows how to compete. So I think the fact that they are not doing as good as we're, we're doing twice as good as they are, sort of you want to hold us in tandem with what they are doing and I think that’s why I wanted to emphasize the word differentiated from the rest of the market in Asia.
Rob Goldstein: I do think Joe, that building is exemplary where it's at physically, how it looks architecturally, the food and beverage, the retail is pretty iconic. We’re just very proud of it and I think it's going to continue to do very well in the future, so all good signs coming out of Singapore.
Joe Greff: For my follow-up question, again not Macau related but looking over the Las Vegas trip, did RevPar growth performance in the Q3, what drove that and how sustainable are mid to high single digits RevPar gains going forward and that's really it for me. Thank you.
Rob Goldstein: We will probably say it's our best quarter in Las Vegas since the difficulty of 2007-2008, it is a real strong quarter from many perspective but the start here is the lodging piece and we did [indiscernible] and ADR of 96%, it's a record quarter for us on a normalized basis plus $100 million in EBITDA. The gain piece held up pretty well but again the start here is going to be the lodging segment which is getting stronger. We see support from all the group segment FIG, very encouraged by Las Vegas right now because our lodging business, gaming needs to be very competitive, lasted [ph] okay nothing spectacular. Our table adjustment affected somewhat by the downturn in national play but over all our drop is 600 plus million strong third quarter, just very encouraged by what we’re seeing in Las Vegas from our perspective. It is not been the last couple of years a strong for us. We're seeing return to better time and I think the group has been exemplary in helping drive some of that compression of REIT, so very excited of RevPar and over lodging trends for our property share in Las Vegas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix from Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix: Rob in the prepared remarks, Sheldon put you on the spot and said that you might talk about your continued ability to cut costs. So I was wondering if you could do that and just how we should think about the ability for you guys to continue offsetting the negative operating leverage as the operating environment continues to stay challenging.
Rob Goldstein: Well obviously we can operate in what is a very difficult environment in Macau right now, the VIP erosion and the continuing softness in the mass. We're down here today about 170 million year-on-year, our goal is to get to 230, 240 annualized. The cuts come from everywhere, it comes from about 30% drives the payroll, about 25% from gaming OpEx, about 25% from non-gaming OpEx, about 20% from all entertainment. I think we can operate Felicia in this environment we have proven we can do it, now this year has been difficult as you all know and if it continues to be harsh in Macau but we can operate and keep doing this and we're confident there is more to be done there. But as you know at some point you cut into muscle and not just fat and that’s my concern is how much further we can go, the 900 pound gorilla in the room is to return to growth in the mass market. Our buildings are built for mass-market, they are large room capacity, large gaming capacity, large retail capacity, they are built for mass markets, we’re built for today's Macau market, frankly we’re not as strong higher end, never been as strong, what Sheldon always prophesied unfortunately came true, there will be a downturn at some point in every market. So we built better rooms, better retail diversified product. I'm hoping as the mass-market gets stronger, the cost cutting will be minimized but if '16 continues like it appears to be going we're there to play in that arena. We're cost-cutting across the board, is not always easy to team there, with a very good job of doing it but it can continue and we can go deeper and harder and again it's derived from all parts of our business and doesn’t rely in anyone segment. So unfortunately that’s where we're at, we still think we make a lot of money in Macau. It will be a lot more fun and exciting if we can see return to growth in the mass segments. So that's our Macau situation for today.
Felicia Hendrix: That's good. And also a good segue to my next question my follow-up question which is on the mass customer. Just looking at the statistics obviously the base mass win per table continues to decline is that a slower rate Sheldon mentioned that it's stabilizing. But Rob as we think about the competition that’s coming online and the continuous pressures that the customer is seeing from the market from the government, where do you see the base mass statistics settling out and can you describe the type of base mass customer that you’re seeing today versus a year ago? Obviously their spent per visit to the casino continues to decline but is it their entire budget down or they just spending less in the casino but increasing their spent on non-gaming activities. So again like where do you see the base mass statistics settling out and how is the customer, what is the customer's budget look like?
Rob Goldstein: I think you have to be careful when you say base mass, it's very confusing but we all know that junk of these without [indiscernible] that's pretty simplistic. We can see that very black and white. Mass is more confusing because I believe the base mass business hasn’t really changed that much, what has changed is the premium mass when you put that together and that equation becomes base pretty mixed together. There is a fall-off and that the customer, Felicia, has been in the premium mass my opinion is the base mass customer is holding up pretty well. I think you're seeing stabilization there. Well you’re not seeing growth, you’re not seeing return is more premium mass mix in there. Think of it this way, you walk into a high-end store in New York City or Las Vegas, walk into a high-end retailer and you will see a lot of customers, but you see three or four a day they might make a huge purchase, that's what happened in Macau. We have lost a lot of these premium mass customers that were quasi-direct play and that customer base has eroded and until that customer is back I think you will see very slow lower return to a year ago. And I think the pure base mass customer loses $1000 or $500 a day, if you go to Macau, it looks very busy over there, they are alive and well especially weekends and holidays. So I think the real softness here is a derivative of junket place somewhat. It's that same person affected by economy, anti-corruption, liquidity, union pay, smoking I think it's the same story to the extent.  Again we need to see that segment return from Macau crew and get brighter and happier, we need to see a return to more premium mass customers. I believe are base business is actually pretty good. The rooms are pretty good. Our gaming business is holding up okay. But we're not getting that 5% or 10% of the population that drove extraordinary amounts of gaming win and that GGR took us back I think Macau will continue to be difficult. And I don't think it's base mass I think it's premium mass when you mix them together.
Felicia Hendrix: Maybe we can talk about this offline because I know my time is done here but in your chart you showed base mass since the second quarter of '14 is down 18% continued to decline sequentially so I was kind of referring to that market, really specifically.
Rob Goldstein: Again I think it's hard to be real honest I think for any of us, it's difficult to identify not to disregarded [ph] our charge because it must be perfect but the truth is hard, it's difficult to differentiate at times and at any operator in Macau can tell you this. It's very difficult to differentiate base mass, premium mass, what table, I'm not convinced that those charge don’t reflect still, a heavy smattering of premium mass mixed with base. I think from experience, maybe [indiscernible] will tell you that it's almost misleading because it's hard to exactly what is, they are holding up signs on premium mass, on base mass. You're doing it based on our sample, our indications, I'm not convinced that our base mass business is down 18%. I think our premium mass business they are down more, that’s where the softness is and continues to be. I'm happy to take you offline and talk about it but it's my firm conviction that you can't get every number right and market that in terms of, when you segment these markets, it's difficult. Junket's are easy, they're all in the same room, they're all playing the same place. Mass is much more difficult to really understand the segmentation.
Sheldon Adelson: And we do know for a fact that there are premium mass players in play in the geographic area that we’re identifying here as they are absolutely are in there and they contribute piece of this [indiscernible].
Rob Goldstein: Our mass drop actually grew. What I like more sequentially not year-on-year but sequentially, I also rely on the people -- work force to talk every morning, if you listen to the dialogue and it's getting more and more, we have seen a lot of bodies, a lot of business in those buildings. We’re not seeing the better quality customers. That's what drive table win per unit, it drives higher minimum bets, it drives the entire GGR and that's what I think the weakness really is. Our drop is I think it was on the base mass but we're suffering on the premium mass side.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Oh from CLSA. Your line is open.
Jon Oh: Well done on raising the dividend to 288. My question is I'm just trying to understand the kind of the implicit assumptions within what you guys are thinking as to what you need to actually make maybe next year and in 2017 or what are the hurdle rates of EBITDA that you think are crucial for you to generate in Macau and also in Singapore for you to be able to sustain a dividend and also the kind of thought process behind how do you think or what your expectations are for the Parisian in order for us to kind of understand what kind of free cash flow could come out of this auto of Macau and also for Singapore offering to sustain a 288 dividend ?
Sheldon Adelson: So Jon let me start off and then turn it over to some of the other guys. But big picture we don't give guidance for guidance, but our perspective and the confidence that we have in our cash flow and our ability to continue to grow cash flow in Singapore, Las Vegas, Bethlehem and over time in Macau is strong, but we wouldn’t raise the dividend. And if you look at '16 next year, we're expecting that it could potentially be a tough year. I think you've got three new properties opening but we're confident that when you go out two, three, four years Macau will be at growth market again, there is a big underpenetrated market in Mainland China that the Parisian is designed to appeal to and together with the Parisian you're going to have a very, very strong capability to generate increased amounts of cash over time and the increase in the dividend is reflective of that confidence that we have in the future.
Rob Goldstein: I think we have a lot of confidence in the Parisian being a product that will speak well for mass business in Macau market. We have a lot of confidence in Singapore and Las Vegas and Bethlehem perform next year to levels that hopefully exceeding to this year's levels, the big question mark obviously remains Macau, no one is confused about that and it's virtually impossible for us to tell you what -- how to think about Macau, it's so unknown to any of us. It is a big question mark for any operator today. We don't want to forecast, we think what we’re going to do, we feel very confident about that Parisian performance but it won't be open until best case end-of-the-year in Q4, so it won't be a huge contributor.
Sheldon Adelson: Not necessarily.
Rob Goldstein: Well, Q4.
Sheldon Adelson: And in Q3 and in Q4.
Rob Goldstein: It's hard for us to sit here and think that number will be, we feel great about three of our places, Macau remains the question mark and obviously for us to take that guess today would be a mistake.
Jon Oh: And if I could follow-up on a remark that you guys made signs of stabilization in mass. And I think the kind of following you said earlier Rob about the base mass which is something that you think is quite flattering, I think the impact has been largely on premium. What your thoughts about the VIP market as it stands? Have we seen some signs of bottoming or do you think that this is still the market that has very little visibility as it stands? Thank you.
Rob Goldstein: I think the numbers speak for themselves, the VIP market has gotten, it is where it is, a pleasant place. I don't know what the catalyst will be as these VIP return. I do think there is hope for the premium mass to get better, and that’s where my hope resides. I think VIP junket model has such turbulence both yesterday and tomorrow that it's hard to see how they can better. But I do think that premium mass customer can resurrect and we believe the base mass is stabilizing, I still think the weakness is in the premium mass.
Sheldon Adelson: We think that the junket market is the one that's getting hit the most. Premium direct business is improving and we’re getting some of those people that are not going through the junket, they may have been going through the junkets before. And we’ve built relationship with them and we think the credit is good. We're very strict on issuing credit, so from our standpoint we never went into the junket market as big as some of the other guys did, because it wasn't our fundamental business model. Our fundamental business model is MICE based and that didn’t rely upon the VIP market. When we first opened Venetian in Las Vegas, we only had took us a couple of years to start increasing the amount of the maximum bet that we would take. We started off with $30,000 with maximum bet and when we opened the Sands in Macau we started off with about the same thing. We didn't go after the junket market. It happened to our growth and in Singapore we're not allowed to deal with Macau styled junket reps with third-party and everything we do there is premium direct. So it's still going on. We’re still having VIP players coming in and look at the results, 2/3rds of the market belongs to us and 1/3rd belongs to our single competitor there. The mass market is what we were built for even though today in Singapore will take as much as $1 million a bet, $1 million a hand and we’re the only casino in the world that will take that. So I don't know, we’re setting the pace for other people perhaps to do the same thing. So we're basically built for the mass market and that's why we have so many hotel rooms, so many so much gaming capacity, we’ve built it for that market and now we're achieving the results and the mass market is now the low hanging fruit for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Shaun Kelley: I just wanted to maybe speak about Macau on a higher level, we have seen a lot of policy announcements in the market over the course of September in particular and I was just sort of curious to get your thoughts sort of the latest views as it relates to some of those whether be kind of a mix lead of junket regulation and union pay withdrawal limits versus the announcement from the liaisons office about potentially doing something to help out the gaming industry, sort of how are you guys appealing about the policy environment in Macau right now and how incrementally supportive you think the government is likely to get from here?
Rob Goldstein: Well we have always been respectful of the Macau government's desire. When we first got in we said we were going to bring in as part of our presentation to them, we said we were going to bring in national and international brands which we have done. We brought in Intercontinental Corporation, we’ve brought in Holiday Inn. We brought in the Hilton Conrad we brought in Sheraton, we brought in Four Seasons. We keep our commitment. If you talk to anybody in Macau, the current government, the former government and you ask which company which of the concessionaires or sub-concessionaires is out there has followed the direction that the government has outlined, the answer is going to come up either LVS and then we change our name to Sands China in Macau. We have a belief that our gaming license in Macau is a privilege and not a right. So we do everything we can to develop and direct our properties toward the goal that the government wants and diversification of tourism. Look, we've got 10.6 million square feet in one property one 3000 room property, The Venetian in Macau and we've got 13.5 million to 14 million square feet of Sands Cotai Central. You don't need that for a casino, the idea is to put it in, we're the pioneers of integrated resort business model, that's what the Macau government wants, that's what we offered to the government and we will continue to do that. Obviously we can always hope for things to be better but we don't have control over that and we've got to respect we're in China, let the Chinese decide what they want to do with the concessionaires. Again it's our privilege, it's not our right. So do everything we can to justify getting the blessings from the Macau government. It's their government. It's their right and we will do whatever they asked us to do.
Sheldon Adelson: Shaun, we really affirm the government's want to see Macau prosper and succeed. We're very fortunate to be there I think Sheldon's history in Macau speaks for itself, 11 years ago he opened the first a modern-era casino in the Peninsula, the Sands, it has made a lot of money for his company, it has open doors open for all kinds of people make lots of money in Peninsula and he then three years later spent at that time a record-breaking $2.4 billion at the Venetian and opened up the doors to Cotai, at a time no one believe Cotai was viable today. The first time he looked at numbers Cotai exceeds Peninsula in GGR. Point we’re making is we’re u lucky to be there, we have done very well there, we have been good partners with the government and we believe strongly in the future of Macau and we’re fortunate. We opened a new building up next year, and we hope lots of success but I think your look to the action of the company, the success of the company and the properties of Sheldon, there will be a $13 billion capital spend that tells you how we feel about Macau .
Shaun Kelley: I guess a follow up same theme would be, we’re starting to get sort of more questions from investors about the concession renewal process. As we move into late '15 from I think what we last heard from the government they were going to be in sort of evaluation phase, I was just curious, do you know if that dialogue is ongoing and/or where things sit today as it relates to that? Any update or thoughts on when we might hear something more on that?
Rob Goldstein: To the best of my knowledge, I read the clippings from both here and our [indiscernible] PR and government relations department. I haven't heard a word, haven't written word, haven't heard a word about the midterm evaluations in Macau. So as far as we know, if it's happening, they're not publicizing it and if it's not yet happening, they will be getting to it. It will happen when it happens. Our worrying about it doesn't advance it any further. They will do what they want to do when they want to do it. Our concession expires in '22, that’s still seven years away.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Thomas Allen: So Studio City is opening in Macau in five days, just want to hear your latest thoughts on how you expect the property to impact the market overall and are either you doing anything differently to benefit from the new opening or you’re seeing others doing I think surprising? Thank you.
Rob Goldstein: No we’re not seeing, we’re not different at all, we’re in a business as you’ve in the past Thomas, but we’re hoping that Melco and Galaxy bring business to Macau are hoping for the success obviously, we’re all in this together. We need to see Melco do well, we’re routing for them. We’re big fans of what they have done in the past, we are big fans of Galaxy's new building, it is excellent. So we’re cheerleaders, we’re rooting for these guys to make lots of money and bring business to Cotai. We’re happy to see Cotai continue to evolve and have a have footprint in Macau. We’re happy to see this crossover and now the Cotai exceeds the Peninsula, and we’re just looking for more and more success for all of us because let's face it this is a rising tide we will carry overboard so, for a great opening a great looking building.
Sheldon Adelson: Competitively I think that our Parisian theme building -- we just topped off the Eiffel Tower, it's going to be a fantastic construction [ph], fantastic and I think this is what the market wants. But why is the Venetian a must-see property because it's something they can't see anywhere else. I saw a design yesterday of the Studio City and they have an eight shaped Ferris wheel, couldn't figure out and neither could our development department figure out if the top half of the circle connects to the bottom half, I don't know.
Rob Goldstein: He's looking for free ticket
Sheldon Adelson: I would be happy to pay for it but they didn't have a change.
Thomas Allen: And then just as a follow-up, just for clarification around Singapore. Rob, I have heard you say a few times now that you think people think that they misunderstand that the property is not Chinese customer dependent and you really draw a lot of your customers from across Asia, should we take that imply that you’re seeing declines in Chinese plate or is it and then strength other regions and maybe local business or?
Rob Goldstein: Well let's begin with our plus segment because it's a complicated question beginning in the high-end we're seeing declined visitation on the very high-end customer for gaming segment, the rolling customer out of China has diminished -- lack of demand also we’re watching our credit issuance there. So just like Las Vegas has been impacted by the issues in China, we're often in the very high-end. However, what we have seen in Singapore is the regionalization and on the rolling business again I always caution you as you know it's concentrated, it's not 2 million customers there. So it's heavily concentrated, but we've seen great success out of the region and that being Indonesia Malaysia, some Chinese, some TRs [ph], some people live in Singapore that are internationals and have a proper residency. So yes, we have not been -- is not growing in Singapore, it's probably in decline in the high-end. But the more important part of our business there is not Chinese dependent, that is the ongoing slot ETG segment which has never been Chinese dependent. It's mostly people in the region again, Indonesia, Malaysian, Korean, Japanese and that’s been the pleasant surprise, we have maintained and grown that segment and it's never been dependent on Chinese visitation. I'm also pleased with our retail sales in the luxury segment, in Singapore actually up year-on-year again despite a downturn in Macau's retail environment. So clearly we’re in different place in Singapore. The region at this point has not been impacted by China as it has been in Macau. So depending on where you look our retail business is improving even the luxury, even very high-end high street stores are doing better. Single digit year-on-year increases -- our rolling business is okay, it's acceptable, but again the real strength of that building was people just can't seem to accept is we're not dependent on the slot ETG non-rolling, that is the power house, that’s the 1 billion, 2 billion that drives that building to these kind of numbers. And I don't think that's China dependent at all. We do get some Chinese play, but again the regional aspect of the customer segment is very strong and growing. Exciting part for our team over there is we're finding more $20,000, $30,000, $40,000 gaming customers out of those neighboring countries. So I guess you can say we're not China dependent, we like Chinese business, it's been good to us in the past but right now it's not the driver of Singapore.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli: Sheldon, as you think about your Macau collection of assets today, and obviously Parisian coming on, in a year or so, when you think about the new supply that is coming to the market and having a lot of experience dealing with supply and way competitive dynamics change, do you guys feel some of the work you're doing today on the cost side will mitigate some of that and furthermore are you seeing any evidence or getting the sense that the folks will have to be more promotional as some of the new capacity comes online?
Sheldon Adelson: Well, we're always going to have to be competitive, very sensitive to whatever new capacity. I believe that the new competition will have to be in order for us to be cannibalized. It would have to be a better thematic posture than what we have. We still believe first of all we’re putting up pedestrian bridges that will collect all our properties. We will truly be the Cotai strip where we will be able to get 13,000 hotel rooms without walking outside. So we will hit five or six casinos depends on how you connect the casinos in Sands Cotai Central without leaving the building. There are and there will be pedestrian bilges going across the strip moving sidewalks. We have like 30,000 people a day crossing in both directions and that's quite a traffic breeder. I think that the Parisian with it's unique theme will be highly competitive and I think we will have the third must see property in Macau, the Venetian, the Sands Cotai Central and the Parisian which will be major attractions. And I think from a competitive standpoint, I don't think the other properties, although as Rob said we're rooting for them for all of them to be successful. I think that the Studio City will be a little more competitive because it's a different look, people want to experience a different look. We happen to think that the geographic positioning combined with our fundamental basic MySpace [ph] business model will be very successful. We’re looking at over 3000 units and there isn't not one of the other five properties that are building as many as 2000 keys, somewhere building approximately 2 keys for every key a competitor is building and we think that the uniqueness of our geographic theme, particularly I will tell you we just topped off the Eiffel Tower and I got to tell you look at that and you will see a very, very attractive theme. So people when we first opened in Singapore and the Sky Park was built, the ambience was built adjacent to the Singapore Ferris Wheel, the Singapore Flyer. As soon as we opened, we had a separate set of elevators and we charged SGD20 for people to go up there, it killed the Singapore clients. They went into bankruptcy because people would rather do more than just take a Ferris wheel right. They want to have an experience at the top and I think the Eiffel Tower is going to give that to them. So it isn't just there is a competition out there. It is the quality of the competition. How competitive is it? And how does it meet the needs and the aspirations of the mass market? I think that, look, forget about the issue of market share although we’re happy to be at the top end of the market share, I can't deposit market share in the bank. I can only deposit EBITDA and nobody is even approached us in the last 11 years since we open in terms of EBITDA so that's what really counts. You can put EBITDA on the bank and we could be highly competitive regardless of how many properties they open. If you don’t ever open a property that is sensitive to the needs and to the aspirations of the customer, you can build ten competitive places and we’re still going to do well.
Operator: We have time for one more question. Your last question comes from the line of Robin Farley of UBS. Your line is open.
Robin Farley: I wonder if you could give a little bit of color around maybe there is a big occupancy decline of Venetian Macau and I don't know if that was intentional to lower occupancy to eliminate some cost, I'm thinking it was not, how should we think of the decline in RevPAR and rate in occupancy both given the hotel supply coming into the market over the next few months.
Rob Goldstein: Unfortunately it wasn’t planned that way, there was no grand schemes to knock off the rate down. It just now fell. As you well know that market is adding rooms quickly both from actual bricks and '16 build as well as the junket transition as people stop giving away with the junkets. There is more and more rooms in the market, mid-80s is acceptable but we’re working in the Venetian and we also have some CapEx plans for some of the room product? But it was not planned, it wasn’t to save cost, it's simply we didn’t have the demand we want to have and plan to fix the future. Venetian is still the only billion-dollar property left I think in Macau from what I can tell based on the run rate in this quarter. I hope that change in the future with more people getting billion dollar run rates for those properties but Venetian had a week quarter in terms of occupancy rate, had a good gaming quarter, was low 80s in Macau.
Robin Farley: Okay.
Rob Goldstein: The point is Rob, it wasn’t planned, that’s not how we want to do -- we want that rate to go back up when an occupancy backup, we're trying to keep our rate higher than other people in town. There is a lot of slip through rate capacity and I think the junket, the transition from giveaway rooms, comp rooms to junket is down to cash rooms is an issue for tomorrow. I do think -- Cotai will get stronger, we’re excited to see, we’re going to over and see the new Melco product next week or two, we’re excited to see what [indiscernible] does in the spring and I do think that demand for Cotai is going to continue to grow and grow. We’re still the biggest footprint in Cotai and so I think it's going to be a very competitive, very positive impact on the Cotai area. I know that wasn’t planned, we need to improve our numbers both in the rate and from in occupancy perspective.
Robin Farley: Maybe just as a follow-up to that, I know that the market -- there is not a lot of forward visibility in terms of room bookings, but just from what you do see, past October 27 next week. Is your early read on sort of those first two weeks after that that it's helping occupancy with your property or not necessarily yet?
Rob Goldstein: I don't see, I don't have insight at this point is too early to tell, but I think again I'm a big believer that this Cotai area when you get Mr. Win there and you get [indiscernible] these guys are building these multi-billion dollar properties you’re going to see a list for all of this. I really believe that. I believe it may come at the expense of the Peninsula. I think the must see products will reside on Cotai. I think it's part of Sheldon's comments about Parisian, I couldn’t be more Parisian, it will be a must see iconic and theme building which I think Macau responds well to. So we're very pleased to be in Cotai with great building. There is no [indiscernible] short-term I don’t know, does it help us long term? I believe it does, I believe it does, we have to win this thing together. We need to exceed GGRs growth, we need to see visitation grow, we need to see premium mass grow. Our company is different than others in a lot of ways but the one thing we do have differential and continues the scalability. We have lot more rooms, lot more retail, more gaming opportunities, so we need more visitation, we need more better customers and I think the more that Cotai area grows, the more benefits this company. So again we are believers in Macau long-term. The visitation, the penetration in mainland to Macau remains sub-2%, the instructional improvements keep coming. We believe the government can see and they believe to see Macau succeed. So whether it's this week or next week we’re thinking long-term big picture that Cotai does very well and again the biggest player in Cotai by many rooms and many gaming opportunities, we're going to be the biggest beneficiaries.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-22 04:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Briggs - IR Sheldon Adelson - Chairman, CEO Rob Goldstein - COO Patrick Dumont - SVP of Finance and Strategy
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Joe Greff - J.P. Morgan Jon Oh - CLSA Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Kate and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you, Mr. Daniel Briggs, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you, Kate. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today’s conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal Securities Laws. The Company’s actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today’s press release under the caption forward-looking statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income and hold-normalized adjusted net income, adjusted diluted earnings per share and hold-normalized adjusted diluted earnings per share and adjusted property EBITDA and hold-normalized adjusted property EBITDA, all of which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. We also want to inform you that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website for your use and reference we may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question, so we might allow everyone the opportunity to participate. With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson.
Sheldon Adelson: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon everybody and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased we continue to execute our strategic objectives during the quarter and despite the continuing challenges in the Macao market, we delivered a solid set of financial results with companywide adjusted property EBITDA reaching $1.02 billion. At the same time we continue to return excess capital to shareholders. It has always been clear to me that our unique MICE-based integrated resort business model positively differentiates us from our competitors. In terms of both financial performance and economic contribution to our host jurisdiction, during the quarter was not surprising to see our company weather the cyclical downturn in Macao better than the industry overall. Our EBITDA in Macao grew sequentially by 6%. Against a backup of double-digit market revenue decline new competition in general wage inflation. Our Macao operations managed to improve the EBITDA and profit margin on a quarter-to-quarter basis. In addition, our gaming revenue market share in Macao reached 24.6 for the quarter, our highest market share in any quarter since quarter one of 2009. In Singapore, our Marina Bay Sands delivered another record quarter in mass gaming win-per-day when measured in Singapore dollar.  At the heart of our company's success, is having the right strategy at the outset. We have the courage of our convictions to build early and aggressively. We developed critical mass to scale and diversification and we offer products and amenities that are best positioned to capture long-term tourism and consumption growth in Asia.  I remained steadfast to my belief that we will grow and prosper in the long-term, while continuing to contribute to the economic development of our host jurisdictions. Our industry leading financial strength enables us to stay fully committed to our markets, our development plans and the return of capital to shareholders. We remain confident that our recurring dividends will increase in the years ahead as the Macao market and our cash flow grows. Now let me take you through some of the operating highlights of our results for Macao for the quarter. In quarter two, Sands China EBITDA was $564 million. This represents a decline of 29% over the prior year, but a 6% sequential increase over the prior quarter. Sorry, you guys who projected we would come in 50 million less than consensus.  Furthermore, our EBITDA margin at our Macao properties improved by 200 basis points sequentially to 32.2%, primarily reflecting strong gains and cost efficiencies, which more than offset the impact of wage inflation. Hold-normalized EBITDA margin also improved sequentially by 150 basis points to 31.7%. In the base mass segment we continued to benefit from the scale of our hotel room inventory, the diversity of our product offering and the attraction of the Venetian as Macao’s must see destination. I'm also pleased that we managed to achieve market share gains while being disciplined and judicious in our casino reinvestment expenses. Rob will get into more details in the discussion later.  In VIP gaming the strength of our premium direct business has offset some -- a lot of the weakness in the junket segment and enabled us to outperform the Macao VIP market. Our premium direct growing volumes were 3% quarter-on-quarter resulting in our overall growing volumes declining by 10% sequentially versus the 15% decline in Macao's VIP junket volumes.  We also experienced strong growth in retail on revenues. Based on the latest published customers statistics overall Macao market hotel occupancy the period January to May of 2015 was 79% a decline of 8 percentage points compared to 2014. This decline in occupancy was principally related to the decrease in casino room occupancy across the market particularly in the junket segment. Sands China's hotel occupancy for the same period was 4 percentage points higher than that at the Macao market at 83% and our occupancy decline of 6 percentage points also outperformed the market.  The scale of our hotel room inventory remains one of our key strategic advantages. It allows us to target higher value overnight visitors from Greater China and the rest of Asia and to grow the base of high value visitors from Macao.  With the completion of the St. Regis and the Parisian, we will have almost 13,000 hotel rooms in four interconnected resorts. Over 840 stores plus four shopping malls with the potential to add several hundreds more stores in future development phases, subject to government approval. 2 million square feet of meeting and exhibition space and four performance and event venues including our Venetian Cotai Arena which can be utilized as for our MICE business or major entertainment events.  We have the room inventory, the resort content, the iconic must-see destination and the operating experience in growing overnight visitor market in Macao. We remained fully committed to playing the pioneering role in Macao transforming and to the world's leading business leisure tourism destination. Our track record in being transformative pioneers in MICE, retail, and entertainment speaks for itself. Now moving on Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. We delivered another solid quarter in Marina Bay Sands which despite the impact of the strong U.S. dollar generated adjusted property EBITDA of US$363 million, despite a 9% decline in enrolling volumes our hold-normalized EBITDA was down by only 1% year-over-year. On a constant currency basis our hold-normalized EBITDA was up 6%. I think this again demonstrates the quality and resilience of the cash flow generations at Marina Bay Sands. Mass win in Singapore -- mass win for us in Singapore, per day was US$4.7 million, up 1% year on year. Again when adjusted for the currency effect our mass win-per-day in Singapore dollar terms was actually up by 9%, principally driven by our successful efforts and bringing in foreign premium mass customers to Singapore.  We set another all-time quarterly record in mass win-per-day in Singapore dollars. In addition, we have maintained a prudent reserve ratio during the quarter and we will continue to maintain the highest compliant standards in the industry not only in Singapore but globally. Marina Bay Sands continues to service as the most important reference site for emerging jurisdictions that are considering large scale MICE-based integrated resort developments. On our MICE-based integrated reserve business model allows us to meaningfully contribute to the long term economic success of our host jurisdictions. Something we are both eager and uniquely well positioned to replicate in new markets. Las Vegas enjoyed strong gaming volumes, but low hold impacted our reported result. Bethlehem continue for growing delivered a second calendar quarter record EBITDA performance. Now on to my favorite subject, the return of capital to shareholders. Let me be clear, we remain committed to the maintenance of our generously recurring dividend programs and we remain committed to increasing those recurring dividends in the future as our cash flow grows. Our industry leading cash flows and balance sheet strength enable us to continue our recurring dividend programs at both Las Vegas Sands and Sands China while retaining more than sufficient financial resources to invest for future growth and pursue new development opportunities. We brought back 65 million of stocks in the most recent quarter. We have approximately US$1.7 billion remaining under our current stock buyback authorization and we look forward to continuing to utilize the stock buyback program to return excess capital to the shareholders and to enhance long term shareholder value. In conclusion we will continue to stay discipline and execute our business plan I am today more confidence than ever about our future success. Now let's take some questions. 
Daniel Briggs: Operator we're ready for the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] Your first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix from Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix : Hi good afternoon thanks for taking my questions. Sheldon in your prepared remarks and also in the press release you refer to efficiencies that you guys have been able to take advantage to help your margins and some of the flow through. Question is both for your Sheldon and for you Rob you talked in the past about some of the financial flexibility that you had to on cut cost. Can you just talk about some of the things that you did in the quarter and as you kind of look at the different scenarios for the market going forward, what kind of programs can you employ to continue to cut cost and basically to offset some of the cost pressures that you're seeing in the market, particularly in labor. Thanks. 
Rob Goldstein: Yes Felicia, its Rob, our team at Macao I think has done a really good job of addressing cost across the board. And of course there is always an opportunity to cut more cost but we have the balance that with our employees merit development and our long term plans to excel at Macao. We don’t want to throw the baby out with the bathwater. So a lot of cost related to marketing spend, cost against customer spend and then general cost, as we have the labor -- non-macanese labor for most part and keep mind that we are burden somewhat with having a very, very strong team in place already for the opening of the Parisian which will be very beneficial. Next year we open the Parisian and we care a lot of -- especially casino side most of our teams in place has been in place so well. So, the majority of the cost of this quarter related to promotional spend, marketing spend, some labor cost. I don’t expect to see this continue in terms of cutting additional cost in any kind of material way, we’ll just remain disciplined. I would add also fortunately the markets remained disciplined does how it spends money against the customers promotionally. We’re very pleased with the quarter, we want to maintain the margins we did I think for the quarterly which came in just under 32%, which is very acceptable to us especially in this very difficult time in the Macao, We’re was hoping for a GGR increase and even better margins in the future.
Felicia Hendrix : Thanks. And then just as a follow up question Sheldon gave dividends and you just talked about your commitment to that returns to shareholders and also potentially raising the dividend. Just as you think about the difficult environment and you look at you different scenarios, what kind of scenarios are you using to underwrite your current decision or your current commitment to raising the dividends?
Sheldon Adelson: Before we announced in the last and this call that we are going to -- we intend it to raise the dividend in the future. We did a very thorough cash flow and we looked at all the sensitivities that could affect it. What they market I think is missing, didn’t miss to miss it, but we haven’t heard very much about it lately, is that we have built -- we created the integrated resort, MICE-based business model and the critical of the components that make up an integrated resorts is something that the competitors don’t have and we will say that, well I mentioned in my prepared remarks that there were several instances in which we outperformed the market. I was tempted to interrupt, but I knew somebody would ask this question while I was reading and but what I'm saying is that the critical mass, the -- our perception and not just to call this words and say we are an integrated resort, I remember when we put all the components of attraction and entertainment together on the strip everybody called themselves the Mega-Resorts because they were big.  But people were forgetting that critical mass must see interactions. The very broad mixture of the various and in the debts of each of the integrated resort components is what assures us that we are going to continue. Why all of a sudden have we jumped in the whole quarter into first place? SJM has got 25 to 30 somewhat gaming licenses out there, brining money into them and why is it that we've always been number one in EBITDA and that is not going to change. The other guys can’t catch up to us, that train has left the station. When I first in vision the idea of Cotai Strip other people criticized me and said it’s never going to work and now everybody is cutting off their arms to get into Cotai.  So my answer to you is, we are different we originally envision the difference, we built the difference, we continue to maintain and improve that difference. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Joe Greff : Good afternoon everybody. My first question relates to Macao margins obviously better than expected 150 basis points of sequential improvement on a normalized basis. You mentioned in earnings release that’s a function strong cost discipline, Rob can you help us understand what specific cost you are taking out or is it really just a more favorable mix that's spitting out a better margin, and if it is the function of taking out to specific hart, how much did you get out on sort of run rate basis in the 2Q that we can actually tangibly see going forward from here? And then I have a follow up. Thanks.
Rob Goldstein: Well Joe across to all -- you can’t get these kind of cost out in one specific area, there is labor cost in there, mostly non-macanese. There is some direct marketing cost against the customer, there is cost against general marketing spend. We are looking at every aspect of our business and again just trying to be disciplined and not cut out the muscles, just cut out the fat, and were also being -- trying to look forward, the fact we planned in Macao for many years to come, and we want to maintain a great approach with a great environment for the employees and for the customers. So, It’s really is not one specific area, it’s general marketing, direct marketing cost, labor cost, anywhere and everywhere we see excess spend that we thing is irrelevant and it will continue to be that way. We’re not done, but I think we've done very good, the team there has been very disciplined, very focused, we understand it’s a harsh new environment we're operating in, we have to maintain margin and to grow EBITDA we have to do this. You see this in the first quarter, obviously, our spend is just improving, our spend against the customer, our spend against the employee, everything. So there is not one specific area, it’s across the board Joe and it won't stop here. We'll just keep looking at it, but again the bigger term picture you have to think long-term to maintain our leadership position specifically vis-à-vis the employee and the customer. We can't be short sighted and just cut cost to the cut cost.
Joe Greff : Thanks Rob, and then one of the things I found interesting in your earning slide deck on Slide 14 was that, the base mass revenue was down sequentially more than the premium mass revenue was in a sequential basis. I would have otherwise thought it would have been the reserve, can you help understand that and I know you talked a little bit about success on the direct side of things under VIP, does that impacting the premium there?
Rob Goldstein: Yes, we actually had some junket space that -- physically we convert some junket space in the plaza, for example, over to the premium mass. We’ve had some success going direct to the customer in the premium mass side, the Plaza has had its very good quarter, and we'll continue that, make that transition. As the junket we can softened in some cases, leave us. We're making that transition. So we're getting more revenues out of that premium mass side and premium direct side that we had in the past and I think it is a positive to this, hoping some strength in the junket space but hasn't been there. So I think our success bared and also we've controlled the margin against that premium mass and premium direct customer and that's been part of the reason why the Plaza performed so well this quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Oh from CLSA. Your line is open.
Jon Oh: I'll start with a follow-up on Rob's point on cost earlier, as you think about the cost cut and I think you've alluded to a sustained -- or least a sustainable cost that going forward in the future, how do we think about the new competition that has come up, we had galaxy opening in May, we've got couple of more properties opening maybe over the next 9 months or so, how much of the cost have you taken out specially as it relates to general marketing, do you think it could be something that you may want to maybe exercise some restrain to stay competitive, due to your point about you want to be relevant in the long run. I’m just trying to map out how do we think about the sustainability of what you've taken out in the second quarter and how do we extrapolate that over next four quarters or so?
Sheldon Adelson: I would like to point out to you the number of years of experience between Rob and myself and others in this industry and the number of years of experience of other people actually sitting in the hot seat and making hot decisions. Galaxy made an enormous mistake. The other companies will make big mistakes. They're already making big mistakes. Now don't ask me what they are because I don't want to create another Houdini. Houdini doesn't tell his secretes and LVS' and SCL [ph] are not going to tell its secretes. Now they can't -- they're going to throw properties onto the markets. But if you look at the fact that -- take for instance galaxy one, they would never end the business before at all. So they have little experience -- cumulative experience in their executive ranks, and two, to back up their strategic judgments. SGM has been a -- [indiscernible] has been a monopolist for decades. I don't see that they have the ability, they're not used to living in a competitive environment all over, and it’s the same thing by the way with [indiscernible] in Singapore. They never worked in the competitive environment. We never worked in anything but a competitive environment. So you take Lawrence Fo [ph] very bright guy, very nice man, he's done a good job starting off slow, picked up so then Galaxy’s standing outflow picked up, but at one point you got to something besides opening the doors. And Whin [ph] is used to competing but he is specialized as we all know, he has specialized and done an excellent job in the high end of the market. And what's the last one MGM, MGM the only thing they have ever developed was City Center and for those of us in the United States, particularly those of us who live here in Vegas it doesn't need any further comments. So from our standpoint, we are very pleased we've worked in competitive environments all of our life. We have been never, not worked in a competitive environment. So we know what it takes and I can tell you the mistakes that have been made, as I don't want to go into them and make it public because I don't want to stop them from making mistakes in the future, after all we are competitors. But other people are making mistakes we're not making the same mistakes. We're sticking -- we’re staying the course, we're sticking to our critical mass. A very broad, a very in-depth entertainment and consumer attraction component of the Integrated Resort model which we claim we have started, we’re the pioneer if it. 
Rob Goldstein: The diversity of the room product we have and the price points we have and the manors we have that given us a terrific advantage in this market. We have 9,000 keys and the Parisian will bring 3,000 more and then the Saint Regis, one thing is happening is this is becoming much more of traditional resort market. I mean weekends, high demand periods, special event periods, holidays is when a lot the casino win is coming out of those high demand for room time periods. And have 9,000 keys representing all types of accommodation rates, the diversity here is critical and in peak periods it helps in earning power terrifically on our margins frankly. So this market looks lot more like it used to be in Las Vegas where more resort markets, where you had a lot demand on weekend, lot of demand when there is special events, we’re very fortunate to have diversity of product and pricing.  So our room product more than ever is performing and big part of our success. 
Sheldon Adelson: What I would like to say here Jon is that notwithstanding my previous comments about our competitors, we do want to work together with them because collectively we can work together and bring a lot of visitation to our grounds, to Macao. We could fight over the customer and our claim to be able to do a better job fighting over the customer when they get off the plane they get off the boat or they get off the bus. We could do that, that’s legitimate, we could fight but we got to work together to help Macao, to improve it and to improve the visitation. 
Jon Oh: If I can follow-up with the question on policing. There was a recent transit visa relaxation that came into effect in early July and I think a lot of us saw that that’s a positive signal. Many investors have asked if this particular reversal is an indicator of maybe the government's willingness to take a softer stands on Macao, on any future policy decisions. Do you think that’s a fair statement? Do you think that this is an at least signal that things are going to be better going forward? Would you read it that way?
Rob Goldstein: John there is just no way for any of us to forecast the government's position in terms of this smoking -- I think we should just wait to see, I think it would be silly for us to pretending that we don't know. We hope for the best, we wait patiently the government's direction, be it smoking, be it visas. But for us to even pretending that we just don't know. We have respect for the government, we’re hopeful that they’ll support Macao, the citizens there are our employees, our future resides there. So we’re hoping for the best and waiting for further direction. No forecast though. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. 
Shaun Kelley: I was just wondering if you guys could give a little bit more color on some of the trends that you are seeing on a customer basis, because within Macao if we look at RevPAR you guys are obviously seeing a numbers that are down in the mid-teens right now although I think as was mentioned in the prepared remarks the numbers are pretty good relative to the market but I was curious on the decline in RevPAR versus you are actually seeing some continued sequential growth and year-on-year growth for sure in the retail business. Can you help us understand what you think you are seeing, reading between the lines on customer behavior at the stage at least on the mass market?
Sheldon Adelson: I think that the other hotels really -- the operators are really having difficulty and challenges confronting the situation being the challenges for all of us in Macao. We are maintaining the higher -- and they have taken all their rooms and doing something with them that they didn't do before they got to sell them, they are not selling the rooms, they don't have the expenditure of selling the rooms, all they did was give them all away, we have experience in selling the rooms is what I said before. We’re -- I'm sorry to sound boastful like this, I apologize for it, but we have to look at the reality. The reality is that our experience tells us what to do, when other people are confronting experiences they’ve never confronted before. Rob do you want to say anything?
Rob Goldstein: You mentioned retail and that’s why I want to stop for a second and mention that you know ex-jewelry and watches, our retail business is pretty good and I think it’s got on two fronts, one, we’re getting great traffic on our sales, it’s holding up pretty well. If you take out the very premium, not the fashion, but the watches and jewelry are particularly soft across the Macao market. You saw that in some luxury report numbers, but our retail malls provide both income but also visitation to the properties and I think is a really important point. We built these malls a long time ago and they get stronger year after year, visitation is stronger it's a reason to come to properties, we’re very proud what’s happening on the retail segment, how it translates down to the casino and the room occupancy. What you see in Macao, very clearly is that it’s mass market. It's a premium mass, it's no longer driven by junket GGR. I hope the junkets resurrect, but right now it doesn’t look promising. But what is happening in mass market is emerging and again mass markets demand lots of product, retail product, room product, diversity of pricing, lots of table, lots of spots. ETGs that’s who we are, that’s our background, we build our products for that. When Macao was developed and Cotai was brought to be, Sheldon’s vision always was a Vegas style strips with lots of visitation lots of mass market, its happening. And so our products are lot more -- I think they're diverse in both pricing and quality, the room product rings is over the board from very high end suite to base rooms, lots of ETGs, slot machine that’s just happening in Macao, very clearly. It's a mass market. Now the question becomes, in the future how fast can it develop and get deeper in the Mainland China and more China visitation, that’s the real question, to grow GGR. For all the operator that benefit and we are hoping we see that shortly. So that’s the trend we are seeing and we hope for the return of higher end, but right now we're living in a mass market with weekend penetration very strong, maybe not so strong and you see obviously deterioration of metrics because of the loss of 10% to 15% of the very high end customer that drove so much more GGR on certain tables.
Shaun Kelley: Thanks for that, just as my follow, as tempting as it is to ask about Sheldon's view on Donald Trump I’ll hold back and I'd love to get some, love to get your thoughts on one other thing, which is on the dividend. Last quarter I think in some of the remarks you mentioned that the target was still at least to try and be able to increase your dividend by 10% for a year for the next three years. Is that something that you believe is still on the table at this stage?
Sheldon Adelson: I don’t see any reason why to even reconsider it. We constantly maintained a rolling evaluation and the rolling cash flows. There is no reason to even question it. Patrick you want say anything about that?
Patrick Dumont : We spend a lot of time analyzing different scenarios with the board and with the Chairmen regarding our return capital program specifically to dividend. And we feel very confident that as our cash flow continue to grow that we will be to support the Chairman wishes on dividend growth. 
Sheldon Adelson: We're getting more and more vibes that something is going to open up in Asia. And clearly if you talk to anybody in any of the countries where we've been, let's use the word lobbing for a number of years. There isn’t anybody doesn’t thing that we're in the pole position in any one of these countries. So it's getting to smell like something is going to be coming up soon. And we've considered that in our cash flow vis-à-vis estimating the dividend and knowing that we're going to have enough to do, and we're not taking into account the opportunity to borrow money to pay the dividend, which by the way if we did we've have a very, very super healthy dividend. But at this stage of the game we're not anticipating borrowing to pay the dividend, we've got enough cash flow. Notwithstanding the reduction in overall cash flow because of the challenges in Macao we’re still earning a huge amount of money, billions of dollars.
Shaun Kelley: But I guess just to be clear, dividend growth seems like its tied to cash flow of growth, is that a key part of the algorithm that the investor should be aware of.
Sheldon Adelson: I think that’s a fair statement.
Shaun Kelley: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Thomas Allen : Can you just give us an update on the Parisian? Given the state of the market, are there any changes on the timeline or the scope or anything like that? Thanks.
Sheldon Adelson: I think the timeline is give or take about 12 months from now. For a full opening, we haven’t lately looked at a partial opening. It all depends there are still something, some imponderables out there. But right now the way things are going we don’t have as much labors as we'd like to have, et cetera. But we're happy enough with what the government is giving us, we're grateful, we're appreciative and right now it looks like we're probably going to have an opening in about 12 months. 
Rob Goldstein: And Tom just on the opening Sheldon address but again we think more than ever in this environment. The Parisian's European theme is exactly the right focus for the mass visitation and just like the Venetian's the most visited hotel in Macao. We think Venetian is just situated perfectly in terms of the consumer in today's Macao. 
Thomas Allen : Great, thanks. And then just as my follow-up, following up on a previous question, just on your thinking around the rooms, can you give us some more color on the mix today versus maybe six months or a year ago on the number of rooms that are going into junket versus direct casino customers versus selling rooms? You guys have a lot of experience, you have over 7,000 rooms in Vegas. Can you just talk about how you're thinking about that mix in general?
Rob Goldstein: Well it changes every day obviously and to your point, six months go a year ago is different. But the biggest single change you all know is the decline of junket participation in the rooms. So that used to be a very important part the mix, it’s become much-much less important. We are spending more time focusing in getting more premium direct customers and premium mass customers those rooms, we using them as more directly as a tool. We have been more aggressive in the pricing and how we get premium mass customers in. There as a time when we were as high as $1,200 and $1,400 a night, ADR. That’s dropped to half that, we are now looking at 600 to 700 bucks a night. And again resellers are networked, we are very aggressive on the pure cash sales, we’ve always have been, because it had to be from day one. Unlike competitors that may get a thousand hotel and comp 90% we've always been a heavily skewed towards cash sales. We built -- our network to sell rooms is a lot more advanced perhaps than others because we have to be in that business.  But I think in the future you you’re going to see that the increase on pure cash sales, the decline of junket sales, the increase of premium mass and direct mass play. We’re becoming more self-reliant because the junket just can't pick up the slack at this point, and that makes a move based on the market, but one thing is very clear we make most of our money these day on weekends, weekends look a lot like they did a year ago.  There is huge room demand on weekends, we run very high occupancies at very high rates, there is all kinds of competition amongst the segments on weekend, where the trouble comes in Macao like Las Vegas was when we first got here 20 years ago is mid-week demand is soft. There isn’t much junket pick up, there isn’t as much premium mass play. So we’re making a lot more of our money, it’s much more skewed to weekends because demand is there. The nice thing is, the old church for Easter Sunday, or synagogue for the high holidays, depending on your religious beliefs, but we have a lot more ability to fill those seats, those rooms on the high demand, at weekends, special event periods, holidays, we are -- that's where the money is being made in Macao today when you have got 9,000 soon to be 13,000 keys you can participate more than ever in their high demand period.  So, just like the fight when the MGM guys brought the fight late in May, you couldn’t get enough room, and enough gaming tables, that's happening on weekends in Macao, that's where demand is and that's where the market is moving to. Everyone is struggling mid-week to my opinion, it's the weekends where the money is being made, so that's my take on the [loose] demand.
Sheldon Adelson: We are struggling less than our competitors are struggling because we have a unique tool, it's called MICE. They can’t fill up with MICE, we can. So that's why our occupancy is higher, our rates our high cash rates, are higher and we could -- we have more of a mass market in the casino. It's again it's you got to look at what we -- what this fundamental business model is, we are MICE-based we’re supposed to fill up the mid-week at the rates of the weekend, when you have good MICE business. That's the fundamental nature of being in the trade show and the convention business.
Thomas Allen : Sorry, just to throw one other quick one in here, you guys don't often give a lot of metrics around your MICE business in Macao. Is there anything you can talk about in terms of year-over-year growth or anything like that, that may help us think about how that's helping kind of sustain your business in Macao versus competitors? 
Rob Goldstein: We provide those stats, but rather -- different times because it’s complex and time consuming. I’d like to move on next question. Would be happy to do offline with you Thomas.
Thomas Allen : Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli: Good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. I had a two-part question, both of which were pertaining to the balance sheet. First and foremost, as you talk about using a little bit more of your direct -- using the balance sheet a little bit more for direct play in Macao, could you talk us through the thinking in terms of credit extension and doing a little bit less with the junkets? And if you see that being a real focus going forward or just kind of offsetting some volatility in the near-term? Additionally, as it pertains to uses of cash from the balance sheet, what leverage level are you guys comfortable with as it pertains to paying the dividend on a go-forward basis? Is there a certain level of net debt to EBITDA where you would think that maybe additional dividend growth would be something that you'd have to think a lot more about?
Rob Goldstein: Hi it's Rob. Can you go back I missed your first question I was listening to your dividend question. So, your question relates to junkets and the premium direct?
Carlo Santarelli: Exactly. Just how much you're willing to kind of use the balance sheet? I know in the position that you're in, obviously a position of strength from a balance sheet perspective, using the balance sheet for more direct play and kind of offsetting some of the junket softness is an option that's available to you?
Rob Goldstein: Right. It's really not a balance sheet question from my perspective because it's a credit worthiness question. And what I mean when I say that is, we've got plenty of capacity to use the balance sheet if we could feel comfort about the credit issuance. I mean the first questions always not, can we afford to take the risk, is it good risk to begin with. And the problem I have unfortunately lot of the success in the Macao has been through the junkets because it's not as transparent to credit worthiness to some of these customers. So the people we know well, the people who have proven to be creditworthy and can pass all the regulatory compliance issues, we have been extending credit to, we did it aggressively in this quarter. We've done aggressively in the last few quarters. We loved to step into that position, but it's getting enough transparency and comfort from a regulatory perspectives who we are dealing with, to get issue of credit. We’d love to give millions of dollars of credit every day in Macao like we do in Singapore. As you know in Singapore we’ve issued probably $20 billion of direct credit, but the customer is very high profile, they're very scrutinized, they've got long track records and they're very regulatory compliant. If we can get that kind of transparency in Macao, we'd be big advocates of direct credit. Now we have no -- we're the biggest credit granter in the world by a lot in terms of the casino business. We're aggressive in Singapore. We're aggressive in Las Vegas. But to get there in Macao means we need to know the customers deeper and there are far more customers in Macao, much more diverse and much less transparent to us. As we become more conversant with those customers, understand it, I think we can issue more credit. But I wouldn’t look for us to replace the junket segment nearly the quantities they've issued. We're getting closer to a balance with our junket play. If I look at this quarter our junket play balance is a premium direct is getting more imbalanced, but do we ever get the same level of credit that junkets do, not in the near term, no. As a dividend question I'll turn it Mr. Adelson.
Sheldon Adelson: We’re committed to the dividends, as I've said a number of times our interest, my family’s interest is on the same page as yours. Our interests are very much aligned. To answer your question very specifically we are comfortable with a 2 to 3 times leverage to EBITDA, now we’re not near that and we don't have as I have said earlier in the call, our present intention is not to borrow money to pay dividends, we have sufficient cash flow and excess cash flow to be able to do that. And we're just thinking about new development opportunities. There's a lot of conjecture about what a new development opportunity in an emerging market like Japan or somewhere else in the Far East, keeping our powder dry so we can go after that aggressively and we could build, what it takes to build to win the day, to win the competition. We are keeping our powder dry in our borrowing capacity. We’re not uncomfortable with 2 to 3 times but we are uncomfortable right now to go out and borrow money to pay dividends. We as I said earlier, we’re beginning to feel vibrations that a development opportunity is hopefully around the corner.
Operator: We have now reached the end of time allotted for questions. This will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect.
Sheldon Adelson: Thank you.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-22 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Chris, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corp. First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Daniel Briggs, you may begin your conference. 
Daniel Briggs: Thank you. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the safe harbor provisions of federal securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results.
 In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income and hold-normalized adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS and hold-normalized adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted property EBITDA and hold-normalized adjusted property EBITDA, all of which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release.
 Please note that this presentation is being recorded.
 We also want to inform you that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website for your use. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call.
 [Operator Instructions]
 With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson. 
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks a lot, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today.
 I'm pleased to report that we continued to execute our strategic objectives during the quarter. And despite the continuing challenges in the Macao market, we delivered a solid set of financial results, with company-wide adjusted property EBITDA reaching USD 1,051,000,000. At the same time, we continue to return excess capital to shareholders.
 I know you're waiting for me to predict whether we have reached the bottom in Macao and whether the next quarter will get better. But it's very hard to do so right now because we are sailing in uncharted territory, at least for the short term. It reminds me of a fellow that had a joke that said, "It's very difficult to make predictions, particularly about the future."
 Our job is to set the right strategy so that we can grow and prospect for the long term in spite of the current challenges, contiguous to the economic development of our host jurisdictions, and at the same time, ensure the company can weather any cyclical storm across the business cycle. But I want to tell you that I am today as confident as I've ever been in the long-term outlook for the Macao market. Our unmatched financial strength enables us to stay fully committed to our markets and our development plans while continuing to return significant amounts of capital to shareholders.
 To put it plainly, we will invest in our existing portfolio. We will search for new development opportunities very aggressively, and we will pay generous recurring dividends, which we have every intention of growing over the next several years as our business and cash flows continue to grow. I can say that we're targeting at least a 10% growth in each of the next 3 years. Today, our company -- that's in regular dividends.
 Today, our company enjoys a strategic position in our industry. First, we alone have the true business diversification, which derives from our convention-based Integrated Resort business model. Second, we are unique in having the critical mass of Integrated Resort assets that can capture the long-term tourism and consumption growth in Asia. And third, only our company has the privilege of operating in the 2 biggest gaming markets in Asia.
 Talk to anyone who is familiar with the markets in Asia. We are in the pole position to be selected as the preferred developer of new integrated resorts as and when other markets in Asia open up. My commitment to invest in Macao's long-term future has been and will continue to be unwavering.
 Let me be specific. First, not only will we work to complete our St. Regis and Parisian projects in Macao as expeditiously as we can. We are also as eager as ever to develop additional resort and non-gaming facilities beyond the completion of these 2 projects.
 Second, we will continue to lead the charts in the economic diversification in Macao. In particular, we will continue to be the pioneer in developing the MICE, retail, hotel and entertainment industries.
 Remember, we were the first ones to develop an integrated resort on Cotai when everyone else was wildly [ph] ridiculing us and telling us they couldn't even spell integrated resort. Our business model has since been validated as each and every one of our competitors has tended to emulate us. I say attempt because they all say if they put in a hotel and a casino, and a couple of restaurants, they have an integrated resort. We have 8 or 10 different major entertainment and attraction components that are unmatched by anybody in Macao, unmatched. And everybody says, "Oh, I'm going to put in some more shopping. I'm going to launch my lobby, and I'll put a couple of stores in there, a couple of gift shops. And then I'll be an integrated resort." I'd like to say that the description of it is going to be sort of somewhat different than us.
 Third, we will continue to invest in the training and development of our employees. I would like to elaborate on each of these commitments. With respect to development projects in our master plan for Cotai Strip, I believe these remain critical in supporting Macao's goal of becoming a world-class leisure and tourism destination. There's been a lot of debate recently, both in Macao and Hong Kong, concerning the ability of these cities to accommodate the growing number of tourists and the impact of tourist growth on local residents.
 I believe our MICE-based Integrated Resort model provides a winning formula for accommodating long-term tourism growth for Macao while minimizing disruptions to local residents. With the completion of St. Regis and Parisian, we will have almost 13,000 hotel rooms in interconnected resorts, interconnected, you don't have to leave the building to go from one to the other. With the potential of -- and there's over 840 stores across 4 shopping malls; with the potential to add several hundred more in new development subject to government approval; 2 million square feet of meeting and exhibition space; and 4 performance venues, including our Venetian Cotai arena, which can be utilized either for our MICE business or major entertainment events, all of this and more under one roof.
 No one else in Asia can you step out of your hotel room and walk down the hallway to a door and into an arena. The visitor to any of our resorts can enjoy the full spectrum of non-gaming additional [ph] amenities without ever stepping outside of our buildings.
 In quarter 1 this year, our hotel occupancy in Macao was 83%, which meant we had around 7,600 occupied rooms per day and more accurately per night. With completion of the St. Regis and Parisian, we will have nearly 13,000 keys. So we will have capacity to grow our occupied room nights by another 5,000 per night. That, of course, represents very substantial growth in tourism capacity. The key is to attract and grow the number of overnight visitors and accommodate and entertain them in our Cotai Strip Integrated Resort complex. That for me is a triple win. Good for us, good for Macao and good for our customers.
 As you're probably aware, there will be a midterm review of the gaming concessions this year, and it's important to recognize what we have accomplished in each of the key categories of the review over the past decade.
 So let me now talk about our commitment to promote economic diversification in Macao. I've tried to find a more modest label for our role, but I think nothing describes it better than pioneer. Developing the non-gaming industry isn't just about building the hardware, although that is unquestionably essential. It requires strategic planning, operating know-how and the commitment to invest in the human resources to grow and operate these businesses.
 While it's become fashionable for everyone to talk about Macao's diversification in gaming, we have [indiscernible] been delivering on all aspects of diversification over the past decade. I'd just like to say that if you calculate our -- the ratio of non-gaming to gaming, it's about 97% non-gaming space and about 3% entertainment [ph] space.
 Take MICE for instance. The overall Macao industry grew from 1.2 million attendees in 2009 to 2 point [indiscernible] The Sands China subsidiary accounted for 80% of that growth, as we increased from 614,000 attendees in 2009 to 1.8 million in 2014. We are the global experts in MICE, and we look forward to help take the MICE industry in Macao to the next level over the coming years.
 In the hotel segment, most of you know that we have more hotel rooms than all our competitors put together. But more than that, we actually sell our hotel rooms to drive new and more diverse group of visitors to Macao rather than simply assigning them to casino patrons. We estimate we accounted for over 80% of the cash rooms sold on Cotai in 2014.
 Based on our recent customer research surveys, around half of our cash paying hotel guests at Venetian are first-time visitors to Macao. To me, that is a very healthy demand indicator for Macao as a destination, and furthermore, the enduring attraction of The Venetian. And this has always been a key part of our strategy to help Macao become a world-class tourism destination, build iconic integrated resort destinations to attract new visitors to Macao.
 In retail, our 3 retail malls generated USD 2.5 billion of retail sales in 2014. That's almost as much as on the lives [ph] our key executives spend, up 12% year-on-year versus an overall Macao market that was up by only 1% and more than 3x what they were in 2010. To put this amazing statistic in context, at 2007, the total retail sales in Macao were less than USD 1.8 billion. And we didn't just build for the high-end luxury brands, although we do have one of the most successful luxury retail malls in the world at the Four Seasons. I think that's a little misnomer. I think we have the most successful luxury retail mall as measured by sales per square foot, over USD 7,000 sales per square foot, US dollars.
 We built an interconnected retail destination that would appeal to visitors across the whole spectrum. Our retail mall sales accounted for about 40% of total retail sales in Macao in 2014 in the retail categories of which our malls have a presence. With the rollout of mall retail in Sands Cotai Central, and a complementary portfolio of tenants at The Parisian, which is now 95% committed, we look forward to further supporting the growth of Macao's retail industry as we drive more visitation by leveraging our unique portfolio of integrated retail malls.
 In entertainment, we have established a real track record in bringing and delivering world-class entertainment events to Macao. This quarter, in addition to [indiscernible] concerts and the Zou Shiming world title fight, we ran the famous West End musical, Cats, with 13 shows in the Venetian Theatre. The show achieved 84% occupancy. And we will be bringing in another Broadway hit, Beauty and the Beast, for the summer.
 Again, this is an area where we have made a pioneering contribution to Macao's diversification. First, we built the hardware, the multiple performance venues that allow for staging a whole variety of events. But then we also followed through with a strategy and invested in the expertise to bring the entertainment content to Macao.
 Look at our workforce today. More than half of our team members, around 15,000 of them, work in the various non-gaming business lines. That's more than the combined total number of gaming and non-gaming employees of 2 of our major competitors.
 That leads me on to our commitment of training and promotion of our employees. Last week, I was in Macao to preside over the launch of the Sands China Academy. Representatives from various higher education institutions in Macao were also present at the event. The Sands China Academy brings together under one umbrella all the various education, training and development initiatives and programs that we have pursued over the past decade.
 In 2008, we established the Adelson Advanced Education Centre located within The Venetian Macao. This has served not only as the primary training center for our employees but also as an off-site campus for the University of Macau. Over the past 3 years, we have had over 88,000 participants in training courses in the Adelson Centre, and we are the only property in all of Macao that has an opportunity training center for its team members, the only one.
 In 2013, we also set up the Sands Retail Academy with the aim of providing service training for retail professionals. And retailers, including Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Tiffany, Bvlgari, have participating in the program. This is not a program for our team members. This is to develop the local employees of our retail mall tenants to attain service levels that are consistent with global best practices.
 This again demonstrates that we [ph] support to development of the non-gaming industries in Macao. Not only have we invested heavily in the hardware, we've also invested heavily in human resources. And we are committed to continue to do so. Not only will we continue to invest in local talent development, we will also continue to support local businesses. Last year, the USD 1.6 billion spent on procurement, around 83 [ph] was spent on local suppliers.
 As the originator of the Cotai Strip development, now is not the time to pull back on any of these critical commitments. We will stay fully invested in Macao for the long term. We're committed to playing the pioneering role in Macao's transformation into the world's leading business and leisure tourism destination. Our track record in being transformative pioneers in multiple jurisdictions speaks for itself. But don't forget also our track record in staying the course. We have been tested by much stormier weather in our company's history. You can say that. You want to say it again? 
Robert Goldstein: Say it again, yes. 
Sheldon Adelson: Today, our company is financially stronger than it has ever been. Remember, we're the pioneers and creators of the large-scale MICE-based Integrated Resort. As a result, we have the diversity of product offering and the scale and critical mass to cater to every type of business and leisure visitor. This clearly positions us well for future long-term growth. But these attitudes already allow us to out-earn our competitors, as we always have, where it means something, on the bottom line.
 Indeed, the gap between our company and our peers has been widening for 2014. We had a 35% EBITDA share in a 6-operator market in Macao, up from 32% in 2013, reflecting the strength of our MICE and retail-driven Integrated Resort model. In my quick calculation, it looks like we've doubled our fair market share.
 In Singapore, we have around 60% EBITDA share in a duopoly market. Not only are we unique in being licensed in the 2 largest gaming markets in Asia, we are also, by a very wide margin, the profit leader in both markets. In addition to bringing [ph] more profitable and enjoying superior diversity of earnings, our Integrated Resort business model also allows us to contribute more meaningfully to the long-term economic success of our host jurisdictions, something we are both eager and uniquely well positioned to replicate in new markets.
 Now let me take you through some of the highlights of our results in Macao for the quarter. For quarter 1, Sands China adjusted property EBITDA was USD 531 million. The significant year-over-year decline in gaming revenue, especially for VIP and premium mass segments, were obviously the primary driver of year-on-year decline in EBITDA.
 When compared to quarter 4 of 2014, the rate of sequential decline in our Non-Rolling win per day in Q1 has narrowed to 6%, within which the base mass win per day declined by only 4%.
 Moreover, our operating margin in mass gaming was sequentially flat in quarter 1, as our effort to reduce casino reinvestment costs was able to offset the margin impact of declining programs [ph].
 While I have talked at length about our commitment to stay fully invested in Macao as it relates to human resources, our capital expenditure and also our commitment to market and grow new visitors to Macao, I'm mindful that we also need to ensure that we maintain a keen focus on cost and efficiency. Rob will address this area in a more detail later. But one example whereby we have adjusted our structure given the changes in the marketplace is to reduce our casino patron reinvestment costs.
 The decline in gaming does also, of course, start to impact some of our non-gaming segments. Our non-gaming revenues for the quarter declined by 4% year-over-year, as did our overall property visitations. Instead of saying the glass is half empty, why don't we say we kept 96% of the business that we had? It sounds like a good number to me. Our non-gaming revenue for the quarter declined by 12% year-over-year, as did our overall property visitations.
 Based on the latest published government statistics, overall Macao market hotel occupancy declined by 11 percentage points in February compared to the prior year to around 80%. And overall number of hotel guests in Macao declined by about 10% compared to February of the prior year. Our hotel portfolio was at 88% in February compared to 80% for the overall Macao market, up about 10%. Looks good to me.
 The scale of our hotel room inventory remains one of our key strategic advantages. It allows us to target higher-value overnight visitors from Greater China and the rest of Asia and to grow the base of high-value visitors for the hotel [ph]. While the mix between casino and cash customers has changed somewhat due to a decline in high-end gaming, we alone have the inventory, the resort content and the operating experience in selling the rooms and grow the market significantly. We know from our recent customer research surveys that the majority of our cash-paying hotel guests do engage in some gaming activity, and an overwhelming majority of them spends significantly on shopping.
 I'm proud of the fact that we produce more non-gaming revenue than the other 5 gaming operators combined. Our share of growth in Macao-wide non-gaming revenue was 57% for 2014. Of course, it's more than they have combined. They only have 43%.
 The important point is that as our strategy remains unchanged. Our business will continue to be anchored around the mass market and the long-term structural growth of tourism from China and the wider Asian region. I have every confidence in our ability to continue to grow over the long term. We have a still underpenetrated market. We have improving transportation infrastructure. And we, Las Vegas Sands and Sands China, have a uniquely differentiated portfolio of properties and product offering in Macao.
 Now moving on to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. We had another strong quarter at Marina Bay Sands, but to the surprise of some analysts who [indiscernible] last night that said we were going to earn only $333 million, we had another strong quarter, with adjusted property EBITDA of $415 million, while hold-normalized EBITDA was USD 371 million. Despite a 22% decline in rolling volumes, our hold-normalized EBITDA was down by only 2% year-on-year. On a constant currency basis, our hold-normalized EBITDA was up 3%. I think this again just demonstrates the quality and resilience of the cash flow generation at Marina Bay Sands.
 I'm extremely pleased to say that our strong financial results confirm that we have an outstanding business there. To quote Mark Twain, "The rumors of Singapore's demise as a world-class integrated resort destination are both greatly exaggerated and certainly premature."
 Mass win per day was USD 4.7 million, up 1% year-on-year. Again, when adjusted for the currency effect, our mass win per day in Singapore dollar terms was actually up by 6%, principally driven by our successful efforts in bringing in foreign premium mass customers to Singapore, particularly in the Non-Rolling tables segment. Q1 was, in fact, the all-time quarterly record in mass win per day in Singapore dollars.
 In addition, we have maintained a prudent reserve ratio during the quarter, and we will continue to maintain the highest compliance standards in the industry not only in Singapore but globally.
 Marina Bay Sands continues to serve as the most important reference site for emerging jurisdictions that are considering large-scale integrated resort developments. The iconic appeal of Marina Bay Sands has driven strong growth in visitation from residents of China, Japan, Korea, Vietnam, Thailand, the wider Asian region and around the world to Marina Bay Sands and Singapore.
 We remain focused on potential development opportunities in Japan, also Korea and Vietnam. We believe our unique convention-based Integrated Resort development model could bring meaningful benefits to those countries in terms of business and leisure tourism, employment and economic growth.
 Let me also touch on Las Vegas. I want to welcome George Markantonis as our new Property President for The Venetian and Palazzo as well as the Sands Expo in Las Vegas. We believe there is significant opportunity to improve our performance here in Las Vegas, and George is going to be an integral part of that effort.
 Now on to my favorite subject, the return of capital to shareholders. The confidence we have in the strength of our business and the reliability and predictability of our cash flows have allowed us to progressively increase the return of capital to shareholders. Ours remains a uniquely privileged business model. We can continue to return significant amounts of capital to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks while retaining more than sufficient financial strength to pursue both organic growth and new development opportunities.
 Over the last 13 quarters through March 31, 2015, we've returned nearly USD 10.5 billion to our shareholders through dividends and stock buybacks, including USD 8.6 billion to Las Vegas Sands shareholders and in Hong Kong dollars the equivalent of over USD 1.85 billion to the shareholders of Sands China.
 For 2015, as previously announced, the Board of Directors has increased the LVS dividend by 30% to $2.60 per year or $0.65 per quarter. The increase in the dividend will take place with the next quarterly dividend payment, which will be made on June 30. We have every intention of increasing the dividend in the years ahead as our business and cash flows grow.
 We have approximately USD 1.76 billion remaining under our current stock buyback authorization. While we did not repurchase any stock in the most recent quarter, we most certainly look forward to continuing to utilize the stock buyback program to return capital to shareholders as we have excess capital to return in the future and to enhance long-term shareholder value returns.
 In conclusion, we will continue to stay disciplined and execute our business plan. With the right strategy and the right management team in place, I'm more confident than ever on our future success.
 Now -- let's now take some questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Joe Greff from JPMorgan. 
Joseph Greff: The margins -- I have a question for you on the margins in Macao, so it's a couple of one-part questions. If the margin in Macao were below what we were forecasting, and we completely get and understand that Macao is presently very challenging. Were there any onetime expenses such as a large bump in the provision for doubtful accounts or maybe expenses that you would describe as yield experimenting where you were trying to optimize revenue mix that maybe didn't work out that maybe aren't there going forward? In other words, do you think margins are sustainable for here -- from here? And what can you do to manage or reduce controllable expenses in this environment? 
Robert Goldstein: George, it's Rob. I think, as you know, market changes in Macao have been sudden and dramatic. I mean, 6 months because this was a high-growth market, and now, obviously, it's down as much as 40%. And our business in Macao is not just the biggest in the market in terms of financial profit and number of employees but also the most complex and multidimensional. We are strong believers in the long-term outlook in Macao. We welcome some of the structural changes taking place that will help make it a more sustainable, healthier market over time. And we are going to stay invested in Macao for the long term, and therefore, make some adjustments to our business and there's a cost and efficiencies. We have to balance multiple constituencies, be fair to our employees, support to government of Macao and making Macao into a world-class destination, also satisfy the shareholders. Now we've invested so much in human resources and operating capability in many business lines, not just gaming but hotel, entertainment, retail, F&B, MICE. So we're trying not to have a quick short-term knee-jerk reaction and make a careful assessment of what's right for the business long term. So when you invest and develop all these non-gaming businesses on a large scale, you do incur more fixed costs than our competitors, and we believe this is the right thing to do in the long term. And that being said, we have to assume, for the time being, that we know we're covering gaming for the balance of this year and we have to make some tough decisions in the next 6 to 12 months to improve margins. That being said, there's nothing in particular for this quarter. We're somewhat hoping for a little more recovery in the top line. We continue to assess the opportunities on the cost side and to improve our business. We did, as you know -- we will single out on the junket situation. We don't -- we're the only people in town not doing phone betting, which did hurt us somewhat, I think, in the junket segment. Otherwise, it was business as usual, and we're trying to navigate our way towards a very different market than 6 months ago. 
Joseph Greff: Okay. And then my second question -- go ahead, Sheldon. 
Sheldon Adelson: It looks to me like in the first 3 months of the year, like the figure 39% sticks out. And if it's consistent over 3 months and it continues another couple of months, it would not be unreasonable for somebody to conclude that a bottom has been reached. Now I can't say that, that's the case because, as I said, we're sailing in unchartered waters. And I hope we don't sink like that boat off in the Mediterranean. 
Robert Goldstein: We're not sinking. 
Sheldon Adelson: I just got a new boat. I don't want to... 
Daniel Briggs: The final -- the comment on that -- the margin... 
Sheldon Adelson: It kind of looks to me like we've hit bottom. I mean, it's not so erratic that it goes like from 30% down to 50% down. It's staying within the 39%, 40% range. So it gives me a more comfortable feeling that this is -- this should be the turnaround point. But then again, I'm not the analyst. 
Daniel Briggs: And your mass business also, between the fourth quarter and the first quarter, had consistent margins just below 40%. 
Robert Goldstein: The quarter-on-quarter, George, just to clarify, had 2 big -- we have percentage rent, obviously, in the fourth quarter that was impactful [ph], about $40 million and [indiscernible] adjusts about $40 million. So Q-on-Q, we're down about 15%, 16% Q1 '15 to Q4 '14. 
Daniel Briggs: In EBITDA. 
Robert Goldstein: Yes. 
Joseph Greff: Got it. And then my follow-up question relates to the dividend in the U.S. If we're at this level of quarterly Macao EBITDA generation of $530 million or something lower, do you have any qualms levering up your balance sheet because [indiscernible] outside Macao, obviously, to sustain [ph] the current U.S. dividend of $2.60? And what will be the next net leverage level that you would be comfortable living with for some period of time? And that's it for me. 
Sheldon Adelson: It all depends on who you're asking. 
Joseph Greff: I'm asking you, Sheldon. 
Sheldon Adelson: My level of confidence tends to about 0.1%, but I know that, that's not according to all the financial engineers listening to me that I would probably feel comfortable at 2.5, 2.5x. But I think -- I just have a feeling that perhaps we might see an emerging market pop though the clouds and during a time of weather when we could use it. So I'd rather not go out and borrow money now because if in the near future, which could be 6 months, 12 months, 18 months, we could use a few billion dollars, I'd rather keep our powder dry for that. If, however, it seems that interest rates are going to jump through the roof, in one quantum leap, we may reconsider and do something before the rates go up too high. So it's -- that's an answer, and that's not an answer, but that's what's thinking in my mind. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Oh from CLSA. 
Jon Oh: A question on the cost again and I guess the margins in Macao. As you think about this cost restrain or this curtailing effort that you guys are embarking on for the remainder of this year, could you help us understand the priority of cost that you'd be taking out, especially as it relates to fixed costs versus variable costs? And how should I be thinking and how should I be modeling the priorities of taking out player reinvestment? How much can you curtail that? How do we think about labor? And how do we think about just general OpEx? And what headroom have you got? Just for me to better understand how much cost can really be extracted to be in tandem with how fast revenue is going to fall in. 
Sheldon Adelson: Jon, if we're going to tell you how to do your figuring. I'm going to make a claim for your pay, including bonus. 
Robert Goldstein: All right, Jon. So Jon, obviously, we -- the biggest number in Macao which no one can impact these taxes paid on gaming revenues off the table, clearly. Second thing will be direct incentives paid to customers. That's where there's opportunity, I think, across the market, to be more judicious not just in our stores but across the market. As you know, they're -- we're very protective of our Macanese labor force and very respectful of our employees. We've built a great employee base, and we don't want to hurt that. If people leave us on their own volition, that's one thing, but we're going to work very hard to ensure our employees are well taken care of and well cared for. So that's off the table. What's on the table is our other costs, not direct against the employee but perhaps other structural costs as well as costs in the marketing side. As you know, we've been the leaders, and we've run more entertainment, more boxing, more everything than everyone else combined in Macao, everyone. As Sheldon alluded to, it's very popular to talk about the non-gaming spend. Well, this company has spent more than anybody and more than everybody combined. So we're reexamining that and trying to figure out how do we put our best foot forward, maintain the importance of having headline entertainment, having boxing, having all these important events we've spearheaded and we've led in the Cotai Strip, our CotaiArena, and balance that with the margins you allude to. We're very keen to do 2 things: run our business intelligently for the short and long term. So we're reexamining every nickel and dime we spend, both on direct incentives to customers, marketing incentives to the market itself. CapEx is on the table. We've actually pulled back some of our expenses on things that we weren't -- were not critical to our growth. And so everything's on the table. We'd love to see a return to a better day in Macao on the top line, but we don't see that short term. And so short term, we're thinking about expense control. But as you know, probably the biggest controllable expense would be reinvest in the customer and reinvest in the general market in terms of the arena and the advertising spend, et cetera. We're running a very, very multifaceted, diverse business in Macao, much more so than other people. And so it's more complex to control this -- curtail and control the spending. Again, we don't -- we believe in long-term Macao very, very much. We don't want to do something foolish in the short term to make an extra point or 2. Our balance sheet is stellar. Our ability to run our business is stellar. Our confidence level in Macao is very high, and we believe we're resurrecting the top line. So while we'd like to report better numbers this quarter and next and beyond that. We have a long-term commitment to this market and a long-term belief that we'll resurrect. 
Jon Oh: Okay, that's helpful. And if I can follow up with a broader question and maybe something that is more positive. As you look at the policies that we've seen in China, this is a more broader macro point of view that I'd like to get from you guys. We've seen several key measures coming out of Beijing that kind of speaks to easing and one that is looking to stimulate China, both monetary and also fiscal policies. And we've seen that even as recent as a couple of weeks ago where the stock exchange restrictions in Hong Kong and China have been kind of eased. Do you think that with this sustained economic stimulus and also the fiscal stimulus that China is embarking, how do you think that plays out to your business? Are you sensing that perhaps there will be a translation effect? And how would you think about what it means to the outlook for maybe the rest of this year and also for next year? 
Sheldon Adelson: He's Chinese, he ought to tell us? Last time I looked, Jon, you look Chinese. I'd looked at Goldstein, he looked like a Philadelphia [indiscernible]. 
Robert Goldstein: Well, I'll tell you, Jon, we do believe there's a lot of demand -- pent-up demand that wants to come to Macao, once the external factors are decided by the government, that demand will resurrect. I'm a firm believer, being there last week and seeing the amount of people in The Venetian, the body count and visitation, there is pent-up demand. People want to gamble and come to Macao and shop and eat and sleep overnight. I just believe this market has demand. It has lots of demand. It just needs a few things to turn our way, to turn the faucet back on a bit. But that's beyond our control. And we support the government in their attitude, in their measures, and we'll wait respectfully for a better day. 
Sheldon Adelson: I was there with Rob and Patrick last week, almost for the whole week. We left on Sunday. And I have to tell you, I started to walk through 2 quadrants of The Venetian casino, it was unbelievable. I'd never seen it so crowded since we built it in 2007, in 8 years. I haven't seen any of our properties crowded as it was. Frankly, I had to have my security guys push a way through, so that I could get through. It was the busiest and most crowded I've ever seen. Of course, that was in the mass market [ph]. 
Robert Goldstein: Yes, pure mass, yes. 
Sheldon Adelson: Pure mass. 
Robert Goldstein: Yes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. 
Shaun Kelley: Maybe to build on the last question about policies. One thing that seems like popped up more recently was some discussion around a possible visitation cap. And I think, Sheldon, you referred to that in some of your prepared remarks. So I guess my question is twofold. First of all, do you think that Macao will actually look to cap visitors to the market overall? And how do you think that would be enforced? And second of all, why do you think that they would do this if it actually is going to be put in place or you thinking it might? Because we've had a lot of investor kind of curiosity as to why this would make sense with the backdrop of so much of supply coming online here. 
Sheldon Adelson: Well, I'd like to give you my own personal opinion. I think the chances of that happening are that I wake up tomorrow morning and all my hair will be grown back by 9:00. There's no chance in my mind whatsoever. I've talked to various members of the government, and they have said that, that's the opinion of one man who sincerely and with very good intentions believed that something like that may be good. When I discussed with him and his staff about how it could be done, there is no indication that any of it could be done. For instance, I said, "You could do it very easily. Just put a time limit on the opening hours of the Gonbei gate and then refer everybody to the Lotus gate, the Lotus Bridge and Lotus gate coming in." In that way, you take them off of the Peninsula, where the vast majority of the local population is, and you shift them to the Adelson-created Cotai Strip that you put them in one hotel and they're -- I mean, they'll go with our soon-to-be 13,000 hotel rooms, they'll never -- and close to 1,000 retail shops, they'll never have to leave, with probably 100-plus restaurants and very good ones, too. The -- every time I come back, I got to go on a diet for the good food in Macao. There's no question. So everybody will go into -- if you leave them off in Cotai, they'll stay in Cotai, and that's the whole purpose. It will eliminate a lot of the buses. It'll eliminate a lot of the traffic, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And when the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge opens, and I am told from my conversations with some people who know better than I do last week, that it's not going to delay until 2020, that it opens sometime between '16 and '17. I don't know. I don't know that for sure, just what somebody's opinion was. So on the issue of capping, I have been told that it is not a decision by the government. It's only a suggestion by one of the ministers with very good intentions, but it had been thought out. And I told him that with my 42 years of experience in the MICE industry, that it's my opinion that if -- that I would never, as an organizer, book an event in Macao if I knew there was a possibility that the guy who came through the gate before me was the last guy, the 21,000,000th person to go through, and too bad, I was one extra guy, and I couldn't get in. So that can't be an exhibitor, an exhibitor staff, the President of an exhibiting company or a big buyer that wants to come in and buy something from the trade show or the group. So I think although it comes with good intentions, and there may even be -- I also told him, "There may be some rationale, but it's not doable. It's just not doable." So you'd have to take -- let's see, would you run from January 1 and let everybody in until you hit 21 million people? Or why don't we take 21 million, divide it by 365, and it comes out to 57,000. So every day, at 57,000, we just shut the gate. I mean, it's just impossible. So I am surprised that some people that are listening to this, although, I mean, it comes from a very reliable source. It is not the position of the Macao government at this time. It's a suggestion of an individual minister, again, I say, with good intentions and trying to do a good job. But from my standpoint as a MICE operator, all the MICE in Macao will collapse, and they won't let that happen. 
Shaun Kelley: That's very clear and appreciate that. And I guess, my follow-up on a slightly different subject would just be I think, Rob, you alluded to possibly some CapEx shifting and changing of priorities. It looked like in the schedule that you guys gave in the slide deck, that you had pushed out some of the timing around The Parisian CapEx. So can you just elaborate on that a little bit? Does that -- are you planning on changing the opening timeline there? Or what's just the latest update on when you think The Parisian is going to open. 
Robert Goldstein: Two things, Shaun. One is we are examining all our CapEx, non-Parisian, Parisian, just reconsider what makes sense in this environment, be it room renovations, what type of renovations, retail, restaurants. Everything is under consideration because we are trying to be more prudent and think about the market as it's changing. As far as The Parisian, we're still looking at that being late 2016, but it depends on labor and allocations. That could increase depending [indiscernible]. When we were there last week, we were under consideration for additional labor. And they could move up depending on the government's decision on labor allocation to us. I get the sense we may get a boost in terms of labor allocation. It hasn't been confirmed yet, but that would change. The date could move between late summer of '16 all the way to the Thanksgiving period in November of '16, depending on the government's decision on labor allocation. 
Sheldon Adelson: It could be as early as late spring, early summer. 
Robert Goldstein: We requested more labor, and we seemed to get a favorable response. Though [ph] no final determination has been made as of today. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. 
Thomas Allen: A couple of questions on occupancy. So it was down significantly in the quarter in Macao, and you highlighted that it was better than the market. But I noticed that I got some promotions for retail visitors to come. And depending on their spend at the mall, they could get a free room. Is that an opportunity that you guys can assess -- or access going forward? Is this something that occupancy has gone down for the past 2 quarters, but it could -- you could start to do more and get some traction there? And then also, just in Singapore, I noticed there was a significant decline in occupancy. Can you just talk about what was going on there, too? 
Sheldon Adelson: Sure. I -- the -- I don't think that's a hotel promotion. It sounds to me like it's a promotion from the retail mall. We don't market the mall that way. We've never done it since we opened here in 1999. We don't say, "You buy a lot in the retail mall and we'll give you a free room." It doesn't -- that's like a bank getting frequent flyer points from somebody else and then -- other than airlines. So if you ride buses, you get frequent flyer points on one of the airlines. We don't do that, and I suspect that, as I said, that, that is a promotion from the mall itself. 
Robert Goldstein: A couple of thoughts on your comments. First of all, we agree that the occupancy has fallen a bit in Macao. And so when you think about Macao, we were the only people in that market selling cash rooms for the last couple of years. The rest of the market, basically comped off 90% because of the demand for casino guests who gave you a high enough return on that room. Now that's changed dramatically. The market's now selling rooms. A lot of people are selling rooms due to the junket, rate reduction, and obviously, the premium mass reduction. So -- whereas some companies were, including us, were comping aggressively to people with theoretical losses at 3x and 4x and 5x the price of the room, that's changed. So there's more competition for the cash dollar on the room side. Having said that, we still think structurally, our room advantage is huge. If we can get back in the 90s, which is our goal, we -- to your point about retail, we are trying to marry more of our retail advertising to the room customer. The thinking there is that we focused a lot on other parts of the resort, yet we find out that shopping ranks very, very high in the consumers' things they want to do when they reach Macao. We have, as Sheldon alluded to, hundreds and hundreds of stores of all price points, ranging from the lowest to the Chanels of the world. And so our range is huge. The shopping advantage, we think, under one roof with our food, our shopping, our gaming, and of course, our sleeping rooms, it's a unique opportunity to blend them all together and to promote -- get more occupancy. So one, the business has fallen in Macao because there's more people chasing the cash customer. We're not alone in that space anymore. Two, we think the opportunity to blend retail to the overall offering of the resort is wonderful because in -- we find that when people sleep in our hotel, they do shop more in our hotels, and of course, gamble more in our hotels. 
Sheldon Adelson: And eat more. 
Robert Goldstein: And eat more, yes, stuff like that, well, especially us. I'm not sure of the customers. They look awful thin. We don't look so thin. On the Singapore side -- well, I'm feeling it. I'm feeling it. Singapore, you're right. Our occupancy fell a bit, and it's a combination of 2 things. One, there's a currency issue there. You'll note that we mentioned the $4.7 million a day casino win on the Non-Rolling slot ETG, our best quarter ever. But its currency effect is more like $5 million or $5 million a day. We had a really great quarter. Same thing happened, though, on the rooms side. We got hurt somewhat by the currency impact. That hurt us on the rate. As far as occupancy, we had fall off a bit. As you can tell about our diminished rolling numbers, Tom, as we were off in the rolling business, I think, 22%. And so our ADR is driven somewhat. Like all high-end casinos, we sell rooms to our casino at very high rates. The suites go for up to $10,000 a night in Singapore. They're massive suites. When that customer doesn't come, we lose some rate and some occupancy at the very top tier of the market. As you know, our hotel is still the exemplary hotel probably in all of Asia as far as iconic architecture, et cetera. The place still does tremendous well. We did have an off, I think, quarter in terms of occupancy and rate. I think that will resurrect in terms of the -- as things get healthier with the high-end Chinese business. But you're absolutely right in those comments, and that's an issue for us to deal with in Singapore, along with the currency issue that continues to be weak against the U.S. dollar. 
Sheldon Adelson: [indiscernible] and because the Singapore dollar was up at $1.37 plus, almost $1.38, I just look at my calculator, my smartphone here, which is clearly smarter than I am. I just looked at it. It's at $1.34. So some of the articles in the business section of The Straits Times, and the local newspapers say that it's the -- some of the Malaysian and Indonesian visitors have slowed down a little bit because the Singapore dollar in relation to the Malaysian and Indonesian currency is a little discouraging for them. But I think it's going to turn around. Everything is cyclical. Everything is cyclical. And I never hedge because I'm quite certain. And it's been going that way for me most of my life, except when I was in grammar school, that currency, if it goes one way, it's going the other way. So we don't -- I don't take -- I don't get nervous or depressed or upset about currency volatility because -- and at least in Singapore, it's a very, very stable currency. 
Robert Goldstein: So [indiscernible], do we still have the highest ADR in the Singapore market, I think, by far. 
Thomas Allen: Okay. And then just as my follow-up, just on capital returns. I mean, you have almost $2.5 billion of cash. I guess just bigger picture, why didn't you buy back any stock during the quarter? And in the past, you said you were going to do about $75 million a month. Is that -- has that gone away? 
Daniel Briggs: I think we're going to be opportunistic in the way that we repurchase shares in the future. I think we're looking to protect the dividend in such a way we view it as a permanent obligation. So it's something we want to be able to grow substantially in the future. You heard the Chairman earlier in the call saying that in his view we'll grow it at least 10% per annum for the next 3 years. So as a goal, we'd like to do more than that. I think we're accumulating cash and evaluating the market to make sure that we have the capital to do what we want to do. So I think we'll continue to use share repurchases as a way to return capital to shareholders in the future. This quarter, we chose not to. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. 
Carlo Santarelli: Sheldon, you provided some color earlier in terms of what the floor looked like at Venetian. And now when looking at the industry data and seeing kind of the last 3 months of occupied room nights or hotel guests being down mid to high single digits, and obviously, some months are distorted given comps. But when you think about what was once a VIP issue trickling down and apparently showing up in the mass business a little bit more, how do you guys get comfortable with adding hotel room supply? And how do you kind of view the amount of hotel rooms that are coming to Cotai over the next several years? 
Sheldon Adelson: Well, first, I'll say that none of the hotels are even approaching where we are. Most of the hotels are somewhere between 1,500 and 2,000. The 1,500 to 1,700 or 1,800, we're doing over 3,000. And we've asked the government, as you might have read some of the press clippings lately, I've asked the government for another 2,500 non-gaming hotel. Look, this has been my philosophy right from the beginning. If you build critical mass, they will come. You could take a spot in the middle of a desert or on the seashore, and you build a city and people are going to come. The validation of that belief is something called Cotai Strip. Everybody said, "You're crazy. All of the activity is on the Peninsula in Macao, and nobody's going to go out there." I'm of the conviction. Now look, everybody is building every -- each one of the concessionaires are building. And the small, sublicensed operators that were sublicenses from Stanley Ho and -- which is now operated under SJM, they're not building. They don't have any land, and they won't build in Cotai. And Cotai will be like I said right from the beginning. I compared the Las Vegas Strip to the downtown Las Vegas, and that's what it's turning out to be, the Cotai Strip versus The Peninsula. And so they're not going to move out to where we are. And our critical mass is going to carry the day. I don't know about it. I never heard people say, "It's a must-see to go to StarWorld, or to go to the Waldo, or to go to any one of our competitors." What I do hear everybody say, "When you go to Macao, you've got to go see The Venetian." And that [indiscernible] because it's the critical mass of hotel rooms, of tables, of restaurants, of MICE facilities, of shopping, et cetera, et cetera. If there are 2 words would ever apply to Sheldon Adelson, it won't be hey you. It'll be critical mass. 
Operator: As we have reached the allotted time for today's call, we will be taking one final question, which comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. 
Robin Farley: Great. I know you commented a little bit on why you didn't do share repurchase in the quarter. But I wonder if you could just give a little bit more forward-looking color in terms of in your commitment to raise the dividend, does that mean we shouldn't expect share repurchase maybe for the next couple of quarters? 
Sheldon Adelson: No, no. It has nothing to do with anything. We have an enormous amount of cash flow, probably, I don't know, as much as the other U.S. companies combined. And I think that in Macao, we bottomed out, as you've heard my own opinion. But I can't guarantee that, of course. And I just have a -- it's not a dream, but I just have a good feeling. I've got the vibes, let's say, that I think one of these emerging markets are going to open up soon. So I want to make sure that we have enough money. And as you've heard me say before, I'm risk averse. And I don't want to [indiscernible]. I'd rather keep our powder dry for the time being, but it may be opportunistic to go in tomorrow. We are not excluding any of this. It depends what signs we see. And my interests are in line with yours, and I own 54% of the company. Your interests are aligned with mine. I love dividends. That's my yay dividends statement. It's yay stock buyback as well. But we can't do all of it. We can't do special dividends, regular dividends constantly increasing and stock buybacks. And we could throw money out the window. We could do that. But I -- we'll try to do everything because when I'm sitting in the board meeting and having a discussion about it, although I don't take a vote, that's only from an ethical viewpoint, ethical and moral viewpoint. Everybody else knows how I feel. They're looking at me and say, "This guy at the end of the table owns 54% of the company. You think he wants an increased dividend or he wants us to buy some stock back."
 Okay. I think that it's been fun. It's been good to answer all of your questions and to talk to you and to think about where our company is going. I just want to point something out to you. I haven't sold a share, not since the last time I said that. And there is nothing in my thinking that has changed at all, and I have no intention of selling any shares in the foreseeable future. Okay. And at my age, I've got a long view forward. 
Robert Goldstein: Thanks, everyone. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-29 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Briggs – Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Sheldon Adelson – Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer Robert Goldstein – Executive Vice President, President-Global Gaming Operations Ira Raphaelson – Executive Vice President and Global General Counsel
Analysts: Joe Greff – J.P. Morgan Jon Oh – CLSA Shaun Kelley – Bank of America Thomas Allen – Morgan Stanley Carlo Santarelli – Deutsche Ban Deutsche Ban – Barclays Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Robin Farley – UBS Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs Harry Curtis – Nomura
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Lisa and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corporation Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you, Daniel Briggs. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you, Lisa. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today’s conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal Securities Laws. The company’s actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today’s press release under the caption forward-looking statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income and hold-normalized adjusted net income, adjusted diluted earnings per share and hold-normalized adjusted diluted earnings per share and adjusted property EBITDA and hold-normalized adjusted property EBITDA, all of which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. We also want to inform you that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website for your use. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the question-and-answer session, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question, so we might allow everyone with interest to participate. With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson.
Sheldon Adelson: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon everybody and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to report that we continue to execute our strategic objectives during the quarter. Despite some obvious challenges in the Macao market, we delivered a strong set of financial results, with companywide adjusted property EBITDA reaching $1.35 billion U.S. dollars, a 11% higher than prior year in a fourth quarter record. Did I hear anybody talk about things slowing down? At the same time we continue to return excess capital to shareholders. It also gives me great pleasure to report to shareholders that 10 years after we listed as a public company, we achieved an all time fiscal year record of $5.42 billion U.S. dollars in adjusted property EBITDA, a metric that surely sets a new benchmark for our industry. The foundation of our success is having the right strategy at the outset. Today, I am as confident as to I have ever been in a long-term prospects for our company. Before I go through the highlights for the quarter, allow me to highlight a few packs that support our Company’s unique strategic position. Slide one, mainly in Chinese visitation to Macao is accelerating. Visitation for from Mainland China reached 21.2 million visitors, in 2014 an increase of 14%. Mainly in Chinese visitors from outside the neighboring Guangdong province, increased more than 17% for the year. Mainland Chinese visitors to Macau were up over 20% and both October and November while non-Guangdong, Mainland Chinese visitation was up 28% in October and just under 30% in November. Slide 2, these are the visitors from outside Guangdong Province have traveled to reach Macao and need hotel rooms when they arrive. We spent over $10 billion in investment to cater to these visitors. That investment includes 9,300 sleeping rooms, which is 56% of the total inventory of hotel rooms developed by concessionaires or sub-concessionaires in Macao.
Daniel Briggs: What time is the call?
Sheldon Adelson: Pardon me.
Daniel Briggs: Operator this is someone on our lines.
Operator: No sir.
Sheldon Adelson: Okay and with the completion of the Parisian and the St. Regis Tower at Sands Cotai Central, we will have invested an excess of $13 billion U.S. dollars. An investment that reflects our unrivaled commitment to Macao's diversification, and to its future success as the world’s leading business and leisure tours in destinations. Upon completion of the Parisian, our sleeping room supply will increase to nearly 13,000 rooms, which will represent approximately 45% of the total sleeping room inventory built by us and our competitors in Macao. And that’s after five new competitors put up new property. Five of our competitors, put up new properties.  Macao’s retail business is developing into a world-class shopping destination. The investment that we have made in Macao includes over 1.4 million square feet of retail mall offerings on the Cotai Strip. I’m not talking about gross, I’m talking about net. In the states it's called YOA, but it should be NLA. That represents over 70% of the total retail mall developments in Macao. So we naturally generate far more retail sales Macao, than others. After the completion of the Parisian and additional retail expansion plans, we expect to virtually double our retail offerings in the years ahead. Slide 4. Our investments in Macao include the development and operation of over 1.5 million square feet of MICE, meetings, incentive, convention and exhibitions space, which is almost five times larger than the combined total MICE space of the other Macao operators, five times larger than the combined total MICE space. We will increase our MICE capacity to nearly two million square feet as Sands Cotai Central is completed. That will continue to represent approximately 75% in the MICE capacity that will exist at the end of Macao’s next date of development. The point here is that we made all these investments when others didn’t. Everything we have invested in Macao to date, the sleeping rooms, the retail shopping malls, the MICE space, the entertainment offerings and the Cotai Arena. And everything we will invest in the future is predicated on delivering on our promise to help Macao in its economic diversification and its evolution as the world’s leading business and leisure tours in destinations. One of our competitors said to me in 19 - sorry, 2007, said he was a going to build his building until he saw whether or not we were going to succeed or fail, that he don’t want to take the risk. And they didn’t start construction after we opened in 2007, they didn’t start construction on their property till 2011. And in terms of entertainment a show room which we also have is good. There is a good show in a City of Dreams - COD the City of Dreams. And it’s a very good show and they get good attendance. However, it doesn’t bring back repeat customers. Once they see a show which is good show, The Dancing Waters, they won’t come back a second time to see the show.  Now, let’s compare our, arena a 15,000 seat arena. One week we can have an all martial arts exhibition, the next week we can have Selin Deon, the next week we can have a basketball game, the next week we can have a cultural event like a ballet or whatever. So the sort of unheralded arena is a major element to bringing back repeat customers. There’s enough diversity we had 54 events in the arena last year 2014. There’s enough diversity in the arena to bring somebody back repeatedly, just over one month. So the arena is - and we also have a show, an 1,800 seat show. This is natural as we are the pioneers and creators of the large scale, convention-based international resort. As a result, we have diversity product offering and the scale and critical mass to cater to every type of business and leisure visitor. This clearly positions just well for future long-term growth. But these attributes already allow us to out-earn our competitors. And I want to emphasize as we always have on the bottom line. Indeed the gap between our company and our peers has been widening for the first nine months of 2014. We had a 35% EBITDA share in a six-operator market in Macao, up from 32% for the same period in 2013. That is double, more than double of this year. And far in excess of our fair share of table capacity and gross gaming revenue. In Singapore, we have around 60% EBITDA share in a duopoly market, 50% more than the other guy. Not only are we unique and being licensed in the two largest gaming markets in Asia, but we are also by very wide margin the profit leader in both markets. Not only are we more profitable, revenue diversification means that, our earnings are more defensive and predictable and of higher quality. Today well over 80% of operating profit in both our Macao and Singapore operations comes from mass gaming and non-gaming segments, with less than 20% of profit coming from VIP gaming. Our non-gaming profits continue to grow in scale. Our combined retail mall operations in Asia achieved an operating profit just shy of US$0.05 billion dollars in 2014. That makes us one of the largest and most valuable mall developers and operators in the world. In addition to being more profitable and enjoying superior diversity of earnings, our integrated resort business model also allows us to contribute more meaningfully to the longer term economic success of our host jurisdictions. Something we are both eager and uniquely well positioned to replicate in new markets, tar more than what our competitors say that they will put up one of this and one of that, the one thing that is a gift that keeps giving beside the arena is MICE business. It's a feeder and a breeding ground for new tourism. Not withstanding the prevailing skepticism at the time. I made this strategic decision to pursue opportunities in both Macao and Singapore concurrently. As a result, I’m happy to say that the company today can simultaneously reinvest capital in existing operations and future projects. Growing generous dividends, pay dividends and continue with the judicious share buyback program. Now let me take it through some of the highlights of our results in Macau for the quarter and for the year 2014. For quarter four, Macau adjusted property EBITDA was $711 million U.S. dollars. Our mass and non-gaming revenue streams which comprised more than 80% of our departmental profit in Macau naturally make our business far more defensive than the Macau gaming market as a whole. It is also important to remember again, that our business in Macau for the year produced $3.3 billion in EBITDA, an increase of 12% over 2013. Again did somebody say things had slowdown? The important point is that our strategy remains unchanged. Our business will continue to be anchored around the mass market and the long-term structural growth of tourism from China and the wider Asian region. Even amidst all the headwinds in this quarter, we saw resilience and revenues in many of the core mass segments during the quarter. Our ETG revenues were up 20%. Our non-gaming revenues as a whole grew by 7%. Within which retail mall revenues expanded 10%. And in our most important segment, mass table games, base market segment revenues were down by only 2% year-on-year. Visitation of Macao remains strong. Hong Kong just announced its full year tourist numbers for 2014. Mainland Chinese visitations to Hong Kong grew by 16% year-on-year, to 47 million visitor arrivals. That is more than twice what Macao receives. In my view there really is no reason to doubt a long-term growth potential in Macao’s development as a tourism destination for China, especially as transportation infrastructure continues to improve over the next few years. Just look at what has happened in the past few years. The development of large scale resorts in Cotai fundamentally changed the profit composition of Macao. Macao’s VIP jump [ph] volumes in quarter four of 2014 are the lowest for any quarters since quarter four of 2010. In other words over the past four years, the VIP component of GGR has hardly grown. If I had told you that was going to happen four years ago, you probably would have predicted doom and gloom for the market. Yet what’s happen to our EBITDA over this period, it has more than doubled. It is more than doubled. The reason, the power of our mass gaming and non-gaming revenues has produced outstanding growth. We expect the market to continue to deliver growth in non-gaming and to naturally return the growth in mass gaming in the future. I’m proud of the fact that we produced more non-gaming revenue than the other five gaming operators combined. Again we produced more non-gaming revenues than the other five gaming operators combined. High margin non-gaming revenues increased by 18% to reach a record $1.6 billion U.S. dollars this year and our share of those Macao wide non-gaming revenue was over a 55% from first nine months of 2014.  While it has become fashionable for everyone to talk about Macau’s diversification from gaming, we have consistently been delivering on all aspects of diversification over the past decade. In summary, let me mention again that we have made pioneering contributions to Macau’s diversification in MICE, retail, sleeping rooms, entertainment and employment opportunities from Macau’s resorts. We saw the opportunity for this significant contribution for the MICE industry to Macau and we invested greatly to contribute to its future success. In 2013, our facilities received 1.7 million MICE participants as we hosted 52 exhibitions and over 600 conferences and meetings. According to published government statistics, our total MICE attendance represented over 80% of the total MICE attendance in Macau for 2013. I believe what the future completion of the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau bridge and the additional 3,000 hotel rooms at the Parisian, the MICE industry in Macau will develop even more successfully in the years to come. In retail our three retail malls generated US$2.5 billion of retail sales in 2014, up 12% year-on-year and more than three times what they were in 2010. To put this amazing statistic in context, in 2007 the total retail sales of Macau were less than US$1.8 billion. And we didn’t just build for the high and luxury brands. Although, we do have one of the most successful, if not the most successful luxury retail malls in the world at the four seasons as measured by sales per square foot. We built an interconnected retail destination of more than 600 shops that would appeal the visitors across the whole spectrum of spending purchase. In addition, our retail tenants collectively employ more than 6,000 people, comparable to the number of staff that the largest casino hotels in Macau Peninsula would employ. Our retail mall sales accounted for 42% of total retail sales in Macau in quarter three of 2014. In the retail categories in which our malls have a presence. But the rollout of more retail in Sands Cotai Central and a complimentary portfolio of tenants at the Parisian which is now 95% leased, we look forward to further supporting the growth of Macau’s retail industry as we drive more visitation by leveraging our unique portfolio of interconnected retail malls. Sleeping room inventory we discussed extensively a moment ago. Entertainment is another key differentiator. We have an ambitious events and entertainment strategy which uses our multiple performance venues including the Cotai Arena. We now have an established track record of bringing world-class entertainment events to Macao, including performances by The Rolling Stones, Rihanna, Justin Bieber, and Chan, as well as boxing events including world championship fights by Manny Pacquiao and Chinese Olympic champion and WBO fly weight world champion Zou Shiming.  For our employees, the breadth and scale of our non-gaming operations offer numerous opportunities for training, promotions, and career development. In 2014, we conducted over 160,000 training hours for more than 22,000 employees. We promoted just under 2,500 employees, 90% of whom were Macao locals. As one of the largest employers in Macao, if not the largest, we take our responsibilities to the [indiscernible] very seriously. Our integrated resort business model gives our employees a multitude of career advancement opportunities and we’ll continue to encourage them to take advantage of what we have to offer.  We have, unlike our competitors, built sort of a school within our property with several classrooms to teach and to encourage our employees to be able to learn enough to advance in their employment. I don't believe any of these unique competitive advantage can be matched by our competition. Even after the completion of the next phase of their developments. I have every confidence in our ability to continue to grow over the long-term. We have a still underpenetrated market. We have improving transportation infrastructure, and we, Las Vegas Sands and Sands China have a uniquely differentiated portfolio of properties and product offering in Macao.  Now moving on to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore, we generated an all-time property record US$518 million of EBITDA in Marina Bay Sands during the quarter, while hold-normalized EBITDA was $461 million. Despite a 27% decline in rolling volumes, our whole normalized EBITDA was up by 35.1% including the property tax refund and up by 9% if we eliminate the benefit of that refund. I think this again demonstrates the quality and resilience of the cash flow generation in Marina Bay Sands. I'm extremely please to say that our strong financial results confirm that we have an outstanding business there. To quote Mark Twain, the rumors of Singapore's demice as a world-class resort destination are both premature and greatly exaggerated. [indiscernible] reached US$4.8 million, a 4% year-on-year, principally driven by our successful efforts and bringing in forward premium mass customers to Singapore. In addition, we have maintained a prudent reserve ratio during the quarter and we will continue to maintain the highest compliance standards in the industry, not only in Singapore, but locally. Marina Bay Sands continues to serve as the most important reference site for emerging jurisdictions that are considering large scale integrated resort developments. The iconic appeal of Marina Bay Sands has driven strong growth in visitation from residents of China Japan, Korea, the wider Asian region and around the world to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore.  We remain focused on potential to opportunities in Japan, Korea, and Vietnam. We believe our unique convention-based integrated resort development model could bring meaningful benefits to these countries in terms of business and [indiscernible] tourism, employment, and economic growth. Before we address return of capital to shareholders, let me mention that after recent meeting agency upgrades, both S&P and Fitch now have an investment grade rating on Las Vegas Sands. We're happy to be recognized in this fashion and we intend to continue to follow the financial policies that contribute to their view of our financial strength.  The confidence we have in the strength of our business and the reliability and predictability of our cash flows have allowed us to progressively increase the return of capital to shareholders. Ours remains a uniquely privileged business model. We continue to return significant amounts of capital to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks, while retaining more sufficient financial strength to pursue both organic growth and new development opportunities. Over the last three years to December 31, 2014, we have returned over $9.6 billion to our shareholders through dividends in stock buybacks. Including $8.1 billion to Las Vegas Sands shareholders and in Hong Kong dollars the equivalent of over $1.5 billion to the shareholders of Sands China. Also last year we increased the annual dividend for LVS shareholders by 42.9% for the 2014 calendar year, yay, dividends. For 2015, we previously - as previously announced the board of directors has increased the LVS dividend by 30% to $2.60 per year or $0.65 per quarter. The increase in the dividend will take place with the next quarterly dividend payment, which will be made on March 31, Yay, dividends. We have every intention when increasing the dividends in the years ahead as our business and cash flows continued to grow.  In addition to dividend growth, we’ve returned $235 million of capital to all the shareholders this quarter to a stock buyback program. We have approximately $1.76 billion remaining under our current stock buyback authorization. We look forward to continuing to utilize the stock buyback program to return capital to shareholders on an opportunistic basis and advance long-term shareholder returns.  In conclusion, we will continue to stay disciplined and execute our business plan. With the right strategy and the right management team in place, I'm more confident than ever about our future success.  Now, before I turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A session, I wanted to thank take the opportunity to thank Ed Tracy for his contributions to the company and to Sands China. We wish him the very best as he returns to United States to focus on his health and family. As we conduct the search for a permanent President and Chief Operating Officer for Sands China, we have every confidence that we will continue to execute successfully. While continuing to support the Macao government and itself it’s to maximize Macao’s tourism opportunities to the development of additional non-gaming attractions and amenities. We remain deeply committed to both the future of Macao and a future success of the more than 28,000 Sands China team members are an important part of the Sands family.  Now, let’s take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Joe Greff from J.P. Morgan.
Joe Greff: Good afternoon everybody. My question is just easier to call out Slide number 13, on your earnings slide presentation. What I'm surprised is in this presentation is that given the relative performance of the base mass, versus the premium mass then given the relative margin profile. And I know these are average table count numbers, but that the base mass table count shrunk sequentially and the premium mass table count, average count increased sequentially. And I guess why is that the case? Why are you trying to develop more table game capacity to the relatively more stable and higher margin business, and is that an opportunity? And then I have a quick follow-up related to Singapore.
Robert Goldstein: Hey Joe, it’s Rob, I’ll take that. Obviously this is the market flux, there is lot of tables in the market that are under utilized, at this point it’s an opportunity but the market with the junket business, flying so rapidly, and market were pretty masses in flux, I think its too early to tell where all these tables land. I don’t think there is huge opportunity at this point, because the vision we have so many tables in the market that a base mass, versus premium mass table isn’t a major issue from my perspective. The margins remain under pressure, I think, in Macao we’re still doing very well relative to the market, I think. And we have sufficient tables to move that often shows that most growth and most opportunity.
Joe Greff: Okay. And my follow-up related to Singapore. You were just under that five million mass table and slot per day metric a little bit ahead of what we were estimating for the quarter. What’s driving that, what geographies or what you are doing there for at least relative to our forecast a nice little up tick?
Robert Goldstein: Right, we recognized, we [indiscernible] few years ago the need to pursue a mass outside of Singapore. We've done that. We've executed well. The team there deserves a lot of respect for what they have accomplished. We still are south of $5 million [indiscernible] but I think the growth engine there is pretty massed outside of Singaporeans. We still have Singaporean business, but Indonesia, Malaysia, et cetera have been huge contributors to that growth and we are very proud, a short reference to earn $1.7 billion in that building. I remember years ago, we built that place peoples got that [ph] the notion of the $1 billion EBITDA, so now we’re $1.7 billion, a spectacular year for us. A little help at the end obviously with the tax issue, but we’re very happy with our growth there. As you, Chris, identified, the beauty of Singapore remains resides in the very powerful mass business, about $1.8 billion with the 63 % margin. Pretty strong results. No place like it with those kind of numbers. So the focus there remains mass, premium mass and doing the job correctly.
Joe Greff: Great, thanks Robert.
Sheldon Adelson: So, most profitable building in the world given bigger than the I think the growth building in New York.
Operator: And your next question comes from Jon Oh from CLSA.
Jon Oh: Hi, thanks for taking my question. If I can just start with may be your cost structure and also your margins, could you give us a sense of how much flexibility do you have as you think about your OpEx or your carrying cost in running both VIP and mass market in Macao today. And could give us a sense of how you’re hoping with some of the flexibilities around the cost as we see business volumes especially in VIP not at high perform. What do you think margins are right now in VIP given that some of the cost structures are perhaps a lot more fix, could you may be give us comments on that please?
Sheldon Adelson: Jon you’re referencing VIP junket or VIP premium mass, when you say VIP?
Jon Oh: Let’s talk about VIP junket first and maybe you can also touch in premium mass too that will be great.
Sheldon Adelson: Yes we haven’t changed a lot of VIP junket, what's changed is the volume. The margins in VIP remain pretty much tied to whole percentage and they didn’t not oscillate [ph] that much. The bigger move I think for the market, obviously is in the mass, premium mass aggregation, because whenever you have a decline in both base mass and premium mass as rapidly as you do in the fourth, clear margins, you can adjust quick enough on the payroll and the building cost, the operational cost of the building do not adjust that quickly. What does adjust is incentives and promotions against the customer. We continue to examine those costs. The labor issue is not what folks are now, we focus our incentives, our labor costs are not on the table at this point. What is on the table though is overhead general and the building entertainment also on the table is discussing our overhead corporately, as being as opportunity there. So we are charge with it’s been very clear the direction in this trials and that where charge is growing our business more efficiently, examining any all layers of cost, against the customer promotionally, against the cost to run the business overall and make sure being efficient. But this has been a sea change as you know a very short period of time. We’re still very pleased with our overall margin, but there’s room to improve a lot of different places. So we’re very focused on it. The team there will be looking at those issues very closely in the months ahead.
Jon Oh: Okay and I can follow-up very quickly again on capacity. I think you briefly mentioned earlier Rob that perhaps there’s some underutilized capacity in Macau today. As you assess to put in more capacity [indiscernible] in the market, do you think that there’s strength of capacity today and how does that change your perception on the perhaps the number of tables that you guys have requested for the Parisian? Do you still need the think number of tables going forward in order to do some of the ROIC hurdles given the assessment of how much capacity there is today?
Robert Goldstein: Well, George, keep in mind. This is the greatest game market in the world. And although, there has been a lot talking last three, four months about the changing dynamic of the market, we still earn more money there than any place by far. It doesn't even to compare to Las Vegas or it’s an extraordinary market even with the downturn we’re earning lots of money for table both mass premium mass. So the answer is yes. We do hope to double on our request for the tables of Parisian. We are not earning, I mean, we were doing as much as 13,000, 14,000 table, but there’s nothing on the $11,000, $12,000 a table still very, very flat, huge margin. So yes and yes, we want the tables and we’re hoping we can get them. I think Sheldon when he opened the conversation and talked about his achievements there, clearly, what we have done, while other people started to build the neighborhood, we’re in the neighborhood, we built it ten years ago. We built where I think the government respects to be the future of Macao. I think the decision was started back in 2005 when the Venetian began, being put together is coming full circle now. And so I believe based on that we had a darn good chance getting our fair share tables because we delivering the promise and then some. So yes, we want the tables and yes, we believe we deserve the tables, and yes, they're still very, very profitable. You earn more per table Macao by double than what you to gross in Las Vegas per table. So it’s a pretty astounding market even though it’s under pressured, this is still the best king market in the world. We want these over represented to the table dynamic.
Jon Oh: Excellent, thank you.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks, John.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks, John.
Operator: And your next question comes from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America. 
Shaun Kelley: Hi, good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. Bit of a higher level of question, but I guess as we look back at the fourth quarter, it seems like there were a lot of discussions around on broader policies FBA anti-corruption or anti-money laundering kind of in the market in Macao. And I’m just curious as a concession year and obviously, a huge player, there have you guys had any I guess more concrete discussions with either the Government Macao or the Government of China about sort of what at a high level, you think you are trying to accomplish with their message around diversifying the market just I think any color for that would be helpful as people are trying to adjust to a new normal.
Sheldon Adelson: This is Sheldon we are the leaders in the non-gaming direction development. The other guys say they are going to catch up to us. When you look at the fact that we do 80% of all the non-gaming income out of 35 Casinos in Macau, it’s clear the way, the ones that have set the pace on developing non-gaming amenities. And we think that our business model that is made of primarily of mice is the one business final that is a gift that keeps giving. The people come it’s a breeding ground for new tourism. So they’re using our business our accomplishments as a model for the other gaming operators to follow.
Shaun Kelley: Okay, thanks for that. And then…
Robert Goldstein: So other color we lead that just want to make sure you understand. We have the last number of years and currently agree with the direction of compliance, we embrace compliance, we think it’s the future of industry growth in Nevada, and Pennsylvania, and Singapore, and Macau. There is no reason to fight against it. So where we’ve not had conversation with government we simply wait for the direction of the government to follow accordingly. But we’re big believers in all I the things we’re doing in terms of the corruption issues and AML. And the new Macau is a little different, the old Macau, the story wonderful Macau.
Shaun Kelley: That’s helpful, thanks guys. And then I guess as a follow-up other big area we’ve got some questions on was the kind of election or choice not to pay special dividend at Sands China this quarter. So could you talk a little bit about that decision and then your, I guess, it sounds like you’re very committed to the recurring dividends at both the Sands China subsidiary and the parent, but how you might fund those between the different subsidiaries, just a little color on that would be useful. Thanks.
Sheldon Adelson: That one I read about that, I thought I was kind of curious. Special dividend is a special dividend a special dividend is not a regular repeat dividend. So when some body said why don’t you give me a regular repeat dividend? Another one in the form of the special dividend, I scratch my head. And I’m still scratching. I just think that suggestion is kind of silly. When there is an opportunity to pay special dividend, we lean more on the direction of regular dividends because that’s predictable and reliable with special dividends and not. So as far as we’re concerned we rather assure our investors including LVS that there’s going to be a reliable and predictable regular dividend. And if we do a special dividend for whatever reason that will be because for a special reason and it’s not going to be regular.
Robert Goldstein: Shaun, we actually added a page in the slide deck to specifically deal with that SCL is on Page 8 in that deck, which emphasize this [indiscernible] points that the recurring dividend is paid in two pieces we expect that to grow over time, and are committed to growing it over time. But and the special, it is special.
Shaun Kelley: Perfect. Thank you guys.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen from Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen: Hi guys, can you give us an update on the competitive environment in Macao, both on the mass and VIP side. Thanks.
Robert Goldstein : Competitive environment, what’s happening competitively? So we see the environment there,
Sheldon Adelson: We can earn more money than anything.
Robert Goldstein : Okay, well answered. We think the environment obviously, Thomas, is changing, people are changing their priorities again we are very confident on our business model lends its self to this, it’s called the New Macao which is mass based, which is not game based, We believe we get a lot of money in Macao, will adjust our business plan accordingly. We are not seeing promotional cost being out of control what you are seeing is a downsize near the base mass and the premium mass business which of course will adversely impact margins. That’s a fact of any place Macao or any other. I don’t see operators losing their sense of balance or prioritization of how they spend the money, their margins will come down a bit though because there is less top line obviously, most probably at the top. But I don’t think we’re in a situation where it’s veering out of control, our operators being unrealistic or there’s panic in the streets of Macao, we have a reasonable quarter, we expect to keep earning well in Macao, a lot of disciplined, very smart people lots of capital in Macao. So at this point we see the environment that mimics the better half of the year, first half of the year, which was exceptional for all of us.
Thomas Allen: That’s helpful. And then just following-up on the previous question about capital returns, I find interesting that you talked about 1.7 billion stock last year, and you have a similar authorization today. Do you think there's a chance that you would [indiscernible] the share, and if you’re not returning, if you’re not doing the special dividend on Macao, are you, can you fund it out of and Singapore without having to raise debt? Thanks. 
Sheldon Adelson: I didn't understand the question. He talked too fast. Do, Raphaelson you’re taking can you take it?
Ira Raphaelson: Yes, sure. Hi, I think where we’re on the buyback is I think it’s going to be something the board only determines, and the management determines over time, how would like to return capital opportunistically to the repurchase program, that will come as the quarter progresses. So I don’t know we can answer that question now. Without the special dividend could we fund that amounts without raising debt capital, it depends on our trajectory for the year. So I can’t really give you an answer because we’re not there yet. But you can look at our current capital structure or liquidity profile. And we have the needs to fund return of capital more aggressively, increase dividends or new development opportunities as we see said. So a lot of it depends on how the year progresses and use of management over time. But we’ve made no determination yet.
Thomas Allen: Helpful, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank. 
Daniel Briggs: Carlo, that must be you.
Carlo Santarelli: Well, that was a good one. I actually forgot what I was going to ask after that introduction. But, it just a really quickly guys I know it’s not a huge issue for you guys, but wondering if you did anything differently in Las Vegas as it pertains to your room strategy notice occupancy was a little different than expected, which is necessarily surprising, but based on what we’ve seen from the Las Vegas Strip revPAR statistics it kind of stood out a little bit. Is there anything you know that that maybe we missed from a comp perspective or strategy change?
Sheldon Adelson: Not really. Can you give us an insight, what do you are talking, why are you…
Carlo Santarelli: Just the Las Vegas revPAR down 2.5% solid rate growth at plus 7, but the occupancy down almost 800 basis points.
Sheldon Adelson: No change in strategy, no change in complementary policy. Dan, may be you can give more color on that? I don’t have any color.
Carlo Santarelli: We think we have the opportunity probably in Las Vegas, we think we look at our competitors and passed of some other folks on our competitors said we can do better. We have some programs in place to grow our EBITDA here in Las Vegas. We continue to be a dominant player along with Wynn and Bellagio [indiscernible] side but we think we can do better. With all the 7,000 keys first year building we like to better both in room occupancy entry and continue to grow our game business as well. That having said, there’s been no change in strategy, no change in direction we remain pretty much constant onour approach.
Carlo Santarelli: Understood and then Rob, if I could, one followup, obviously there has been I think as of this morning I’ve read in article about some of the labor unions in Macao calling for a full smoking deck. Could you guys talk a little bit now having digested that for a little over three months, what you’ve seen, what kind of the experience has been and where, if any, you think it’s having a material impact if there is one?
Robert Goldstein: It’s not a positive, that’s sure. I can’t tell you the extent Carlo, because candidly knows how big smoking has been. There’s many factors in Macao that are changing currently. It’s hard to ascertain is it smoking, is it anti-corruption, it this a lot of factors in play here. Having said that, we remain behind government’s direction whatever maybe, we have recent being with the government about this smoking issue. They appear to be making their final decision. Whatever it is, it is. If it ends up being a being a ban or ends up being smoking rooms like the airport, we’ll abide by it and we’ll follow it. I don’t think - it’s obviously no markets are benefiting, no gain market anyone in the world, be it Europe or the U.S. is benefiting from a smoking ban. Having said that, we’re of the belief that Macao is a unique destination, unique to mainland China and Hong Kong. It will prosper in spite of smoking ban or smoking restriction. Is it better with smoking? Sure it is. Is it going to happen where smoking is restricted? Yes, we know that. The extent restriction we don’t know government advise. Whatever the government tells us to do we’ll comply happily.
Carlo Santarelli: That’s helpful, Rob. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Felicia Hendrix from Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi, thank you. Hopefully, you can hear me there is something wrong with my head set so I have to be on speaker. Is that okay?
Robert Goldstein: We can hear you Felicia.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, great. Thank you. First question, Sheldon or for Patrick, just going back to the subject of capital return, I did notice that the regarding, I did notice that the blurb regarding dividends and the debt no longer has that comment about increasing the recurring dividend 10% annually. Certainly have a strong commitments to returning cash to shareholders and growing the dividends. I’m trying to understand the change in the language.
Sheldon Adelson: Probably whoever wrote it then think of this? There was nothing intentional about that. 
Felicia Hendrix: Okay so you…
Sheldon Adelson: You want us to say we intend to grow at least 10%.
Robert Goldstein: 10% forever is impossible, 10% forever is impossible.
Sheldon Adelson: Well that also depicts how market…
Robert Goldstein: [Indiscernible]
Sheldon Adelson: We intend to continue dividends. It was nothing intentional if that wasn’t put in there.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. Because I was just checking because you guys have been pretty clear for a while saying that you’re committed to growing 10%. So it sounds like that hasn’t changed.
Sheldon Adelson: That has not changed.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay. great. And then Rob, some of your comments underscore this point, you are a well known [indiscernible] on Macau, looking near term, it does seem the south side is forecasting Macau’s gaming revenue to decline in 2015 anywhere form high single-digits to low double-digits certainly it’s anybody’s best guess for sure. But I’m just wondering does that correlate with what your internal folks are projecting in it. So strategically how are you approaching this year particularly in the first half where most of the market declines are likely to occur.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks for calling me hover boy, I like that. We’ve seen this for also the market generated by a concentrated group of super-premium mass customers are relent somewhat and clearly that’s hurt the uber bull market. No question about that. I believe it will see a renewed growth in base mass business across the underlying positive drivers are so compelling with visitation growth, transportation and destruction improvements, unmatched inventory rooms, game mix, retail entertainment that speak to that mass segment. As simply stated, yes, we believe very much in this market it is still - people seem to forget what this market means relative to the rest of the world because the last three months, four months have been unsettling. But this is the greatest game market in the world and the LVS is in the perfect place to take advantage of the new Macao environment.  Our assets are unique to this incredible market and I believe this time we’ll prove that the sustainable growth of our business Macao will be evident to all. We remain very focused on margins and focused on overhead. We look at all overhead, not just Macao but the company and look to grow this company's return to shareholders. So yes, we're very much a believer. Are we concerned what happened in the last three or four months, everyone is concerned of what happened in the junket space, the smoking issue. There's so many issues, it doesn't need to be repeated in the call conversant with those issues. But I think Sheldon a decade ago built the strategy that today is being talked about. He built the Venetian. He built 3,000 rooms. He built the MICE space. He built the retail space. Everybody else is building vertical buildings on the peninsula and Sheldon over a decade ago called the shot. And I think that shot is happening today from both the competitor and government perspective. We’re just ahead of the curve by a mere 10 years. So our business remains very steadfast as base mass resets and premium mass resets, we'll reset. Margins will return and we'll remain uber-bulls in Macao.
Felicia Hendrix: You increased your slot and ETG account combined by 5%. Is that just tweaking or is that like to read into that you’re gearing more towards the base mass?
RobertGoldstein: Now, we’re gearing towards - I guess the point is there is plenty of gaming capacity right now in Macao and we believe very strongly the size of our building, the size of our real estate enables us to grow. I am big believer of ETGs will be very, very - very happy place to be for next couple of years. We’ll keep growing that business. Slots have not been as bullish frankly, but love ETG business and we'll keep banging away at that, that’s a big advantage to us. When you sleep in our room, you pay us 120 bucks to sleep in the hotel, gamble little bit, go on to our retail shops, it's an amazing environment for us to survive, I was there a couple of weeks ago and despite all the talk [indiscernible] had it right. This is a great market we have to be there. We will keep drive ETG business, while it’s not growing business.
Felicia Hendrix: Great, thanks so much.
RobertGoldstein: Okay.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Robin Farley from UBS.
Robin Farley: Great, thanks. I wanted to ask about - I was looking at the RevPAR decline, a slight decline at the Venetian Macao. And I wonder if you could talk to us a little bit about your room strategy kind of what percent of cash paying versus room comps and kind of how we should think about the hotel supply that’s going to be entering the market. I didn’t see in the release your slides an opening date for the Parisian. There’s no reference for the opening dates and I don’t if you can address that, as well. And I do have a follow-up question. Thanks.
Robert Goldstein: Okay. Rob, I'll take the Venetian Macao question. We're going through a change of thinking there how we use that product, obviously it’s the most desirable product when Cotai 3,000, keys et cetera. The cash we’ve always been very focused on a certain threshold gaming customer in the pretty mass, mass are revisiting that strategy as we move forward. We want to run a higher occupancy, because we firmly believe that the more people sleep in the Venetian, the more people shop at the Venetian, mall which we’ve owned, eat in our restaurant, of course gamble in our facility. So e think that asset has more growth potential to users who use more aggressively on the data base. And as Macao move towards, more base mass segment as opposed to junket, or as opposed to premium mass, that facility has got to rethink its room strategy in my opinion to get more out of the rooms. If the most desirable room comp there is in Cotai, the building continues to be huge driver of visitation, we think we’ve got to rethink and do better to drive more opportunity how the room side of our Venetian product. As for Parisian, Sheldon, do you want to address that issue? The Parisian…
Sheldon Adelson: The opening date,
Robert Goldstein: Opening days for the Parisian.
Sheldon Adelson: We don’t have an opening date yet. It will be sometime in 2016. The question also comes up as to whether or not there will be a partial opening, rooms and casino and some restaurants, and maybe entertainment. But there’s a new government that distanced on about a month ago. And I'm going over there this coming week to talk to the new government and find out what their intentions are vis-a-vis the components that we need to open such as construction labor and we're shuffling around our construction labor once we finish the St. Regis building we'll move some labor over to the Parisian. And we're also looking where we can pickup other delay other CapEx to existing properties so we could use those blue cards, the equivalent of U.S. green cards. It's something different. It's a temporary situation for current labor. We are going to make every effort to get it done as soon as possible. We don't have an exact date yet. I'll have more information on our next call. Do we have any firm distributable information in between, I'll put it out.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay.
Robert Goldstein: There are people looking for more labor. And the government wants us open because we’re the - we have the largest number of rooms. I said we have 58% of all the concessionaires rooms, that’s a very big number. And we don’t give out 100% of the rooms like our competitors do for the casino. We leave them open for people who come in for other purposes. And they want to increase tourism, they want MICE. And I'm going to point out it to them that we can't expand on those areas that they really want as opposed to the gaming, when everybody else - when we don't have enough labor. We do have the permits to complete all the property. And we're going to do our best to finish it as quickly as possible.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay, great. Thank you. For my follow-up question, I wonder if you could just give us a little bit of your thinking around you’re taking the CEO role at Sands China and kind of why not use it as an opportunity to strengthen the bench by having - I don't know if you look at internal and external candidates and kind of what led to that decision?
Robert Goldstein: Well, it's sort of an internal political issue. The CEO title has carried with it and a separation of Sands China from its major shareholder in the last several CEOs that we've had there. So rather than risk that happening again, I’m taking the title of CEO and I'll take the responsibility of the CEO and we'll have a President and COO. And I think listen, I haven't done too bad [Multiple Speakers] in the last two years - like a lot of shareholders I’ve done very well. If I'm doing as good as Rob said, I’m going to go to the board and ask for a raise.
Felicia Hendrix: Thanks for that perspective.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks Rob.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent from Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent: Hi [Multiple Speakers]…
Sheldon Adelson: I read your report recently.
Steven Kent: Well, let me ask a question then, the $90 million tax rebate. I didn't have that in at all. Could you just explain that a little bit in Singapore, then also?
Robert Goldstein: We’ve been telling that for the last five years and Patrick when and there, and justified a return on that. And we got the $91 million back. So as we had to invenatize it, over the last five years, we took it in as income. Now you could invenatize the return of the income over the next five years, but we're not going to go backwards and restate earnings.
Steven Kent: Okay. So that was…
Ira Raphaelson: Even the $90 million amount is relates to five-year period, it would have a $0.09 impact on EPS in aftertax if we had to pull that out again. If it’s something that going forward we’ll have a slightly smaller income tax or property tax event, but it was over a five-year period, not a just
Steven Kent: Okay, it was a property tax issue it was not other type.
Ira Raphaelson: Correct.
Steven Kent: Okay and then the other thing is, and again only because capital allocation is so critical to your story on share buyback, I think, you noted you’re going be opportunistic and is that different from the $75 million per month. That you talked about, before it goes to sort of the other question about dividend and 10% increase every year, I think that’s what people are trying to figure out is are you becoming more or selective about some of these capital allocation issues, or is there some consistency here that may be you are missing in the comments.
Ira Raphaelson: I think, the one that are more selective are you guys, was - we’re not more selective about this. We’re not changing any strategy to put into the press release to put in my prepared remarks of the earnings call, whether we’re going to do 10% a year. Don’t look into that. If we are going to have a significant change of policy, we would disclose it. The fact that somebody else wrote it to pay attention to that issue, forget about that. Whether or not we’re not opportunistic, when this thought [ph] goes down far more it’s down a lot more than what we think it deserves. And this earnings report gives us a little bit of indication that we’re still doing well, can you imagine $5.44 billion, I know I said $5.42 billion and until this morning it’s $5.44 billion EBITDA. How many companies will do that? We’re certainly in the top 100 and if not in the world at least in the United States. And we’re very proud of making that kind of money. So trying to guess whether we're going to be opportunistic or we wake up one morning and somebody says the stock is down 5 points, maybe we ought to buyback two or three points [indiscernible]. Listen, all we know is I'm sending a message. You want to get my message. I haven't sold any stock. I got 432 million shares and I haven't sold one share of stock since 2006 when I did a secondary to create some diversification. I haven't sold any. I have no intention of selling any. And I believe in the long-term improvement of this company and we will one day, whether it's sooner or later, I can't tell you for sure, we hope it’s sooner that we're going to get additional emerging market opportunities. Nobody can go out there and present. The bona fide is that we can do. There is not a city in the world that doesn't want more MICE. Everybody wants MICE. I know one of our competitors - and was it a third phase, the galaxy, fourth phase, or fifth phase, or sixth phase, or seventh phase, or eighth phase or ninth phase or tenth phase, I don't know what city is going to put some MICE space in. But I’ve got 40 years of experience in the MICE industry. I sold my company in 1995 and the largest amount of money ever in the 1200 year history of agricultural and trade fairs. I sold my company for the largest amount of money. Nobody understands and knows the MICE market better than this company and we have a lot of people in this company that have been with me for over 20 years. There are people that work with me in the interface group when I had Comdex and other shows. So nobody can compete with us on that score. And what we've done in Macao, 80% of all the MICE business in Macao, the other guys are just making noise. We walked the…
Steven Kent: Okay, thanks very much. I got the message.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks, Steve.
Sheldon Adelson: I hope so. If not I will have stronger words tomorrow.
Steven Kent: I look forward to that Sheldon. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis from Nomura.
Harry Curtis: Hi, guys.
Sheldon Adelson: What you said to Harry?
Harry Curtis: Well, I will continue. So Rob, you talk about the new Macao. And my question is given the various policy changes that we’ve seen come out of either Macao or Beijing, do you guys have any sense of whether or not the policy changes that Macao has had to really suffer through, is that it or do you have any sense that others are being considered?
Robert Goldstein: Harry, I think that's far beyond our ability to comment, the Government of Macao makes that decision, impossible to sit here and make a prediction about what may or may not happen. I mean I think six months ago, there is - some of things we’ve seen happen no one would have believed. So I think it's foolish to speculate and I won't do that.
Harry Curtis: In that case, the only other question that I had was just a clarification on the page 5 of the slide deck. Maybe, Dan, you can answer it. The hold-adjusted property EBITDA the 1.273 billion, is that before the 90 million tax adjustment and corporate?
Robert Goldstein: Yes.
Harry Curtis: Okay, just wanted to clarify. Thanks a lot.
Robert Goldstein: Okay.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-16 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Briggs - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Sheldon Adelson - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer Patrick Dumont - Vice President Robert Goldstein - Executive Vice President, President - Global Gaming Operations
Analysts: Joe Greff - JPMorgan Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Robin Farley - UBS Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Harry Curtis - Nomura
Operator: Good afternoon. I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corp's third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you, Courtney. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal Securities Laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption forward-looking statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income and hold-normalized adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS and hold-normalized adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted property EBITDA and hold-normalized adjusted property EBITDA, all of which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of those measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. We also want to inform you that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website for your reference. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in the Q&A session, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so we might allow everyone with interest to participate. With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson.
Sheldon Adelson: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to report that we continued to execute our strategic objectives during this quarter. Despite some obvious challenges in the VIP gaming segment in the nation, we delivered a solid set of financial results, increasing our companywide EBITDA to $1.284 billion, but who is counting. In Macao, we achieved the third quarter record of $809 million in adjusted property EBITDA. In addition, we continued to return excess capital to shareholders, mainly dividends. Notwithstanding the recent cyclicality in Macao, I am as confident today as I have ever been in the long-term future of our company. This confidence is not based on whimsical fancy, but is founded on the company's sustainable strategic advantages. Before I take you through some of the highlights for the quarter, allow me to spend a moment to reflect on our company's strategic position. First, we are the creators of the large-scale convention-based integrated resort. As a result, we enjoy the benefit of revenue diversification and we are able to cater to virtually every type of business and leisure due to that. Today, well over 80% of operating profit in both our Macao and Singapore operations comes from mass gaming and non-gaming segments, with less than 20% of profits coming from VIP gaming. I built these resorts in Asia to capture long-term growth of consumer spending in Asia. Scale, diversity and critical mass should position us well for future growth. With these advantages already allow us to outpace our competitors as we always have on the bottom line where it really counts. In the first half of 2014, we secured 34% share of overall EBITDA in Macao's six player [ph] market. Let me point out to you that the highest of the also-ran was 18.4, just under twice the next one. The next one was 13.7. The one below that was 11.2. The one next to that was 15.4 and 9.4 was the last. We were at through second quarter 2014, we are at 33.9, but in the third quarter, we 34%, substantially in excess of both our fair share of table capacity and at 23% share in gross gaming residents. Going after EBITDA as opposed to revenue is thing that matters most. I have been saying this for years. Likewise in Singapore, we generate around 60% of the total EBITDA in a duopoly market. Second, the share size of our cash flows. With annual consolidated EBITDA of over $5 billion allows us to pursue development opportunities in new jurisdiction and aggressively return capital to shareholders, again, pay dividends. Whether our growth is a bit faster or slower in any given quarter does not alter this unique strategic advantage. When others hesitated or counseled otherwise, I pursued development opportunities in both Macao and Singapore concurrently. As a result, I am happy to say that the company today can simultaneously reinvest capital in the existing operations and future projects. Say growing the generous dividends and continue with the judicious share repurchase program. Now let me take you through some of the highlights of our results in Macao for this quarter. Macao adjusted property EBITDA grew by 3.2% to $808 million in quarter three. Our gross gaming revenues declined by 5% year-over-year versus the Macao market decline of 7%. So we out bested the market again. Clearly Macao's VIP market weakened further during the quarter. The reasons for this ongoing VIP decline are well documented, and I don't think I need to repeat them here. Everyone is talking about China reducing its growth from 7.5% to 7.4%. That's a reduction in growth of one-tenth of 1%, which continues to be a rounding error or a meaningless move. I don't think anyone can perceive an economic slowdown by GDP changing one-tenth of 1%. I think when it turns from 7.5% to 7.6% growth, I guess it will be happy days are here again. The important point is that growth in China continues. The mass business in Macao is still growing at 15% per year, the envy of a lot of industries. 15% growth is still very solid top line growth, and we believe the mass business in Macao will continue to grow for the foreseeable future, in particular, as new supply comes online in Macao, which very clearly remains a supply driven market. I have been saying this for years and my words will continue to come to pass. Also, as I have said in the past, all things in life are cyclical. We have experienced cyclicality in Macao in the past, and we believe that the current softness in the environment in Macao today is also cyclical. And that is only a matter of time before the cycle reverses itself. No one has ever suggested that the behavior of Chinese and Asian people, which has been established over a 3,000 year history, is going to change. The important point is that our strategy hasn't changed. Our business will continue to be anchored around the mass market and the secular growth of Chinese tourist. We have a unique portfolio that is designed to appeal to virtually every type of visitor to Macao. Our property visitation in quarter three reached a new record of 18.2 million, (inaudible), up 8% year-over-year. Our mass table revenue grew by 15% in the quarter, while our ETG revenues grew by 33%. Our hotel room optimization strategy continues to yield successful results. Sands Cotai Central achieved a new quarter record in mass table revenues growing by 27% year-over-year. Well, I would say that's some ramping up and supported by 24% increase in hotel rooms allocated to the last percent. Retail sales at our malls grew by 9% year-over-year against the backdrop of declining retail sales. The sales in our malls now account for nearly 40% of Macao's retail goods in categories in which we have a presence. Overall non-gaming revenues grew by 15% during the quarter. Sands China accounts for over half of the total non-gaming revenues of the six gaming operators in Macao. Out of the six, the average fair share would be 16% and a fraction, we have over half, which demonstrates our clear leadership in this important and profitable segment. Everyone likes to talk about Macao's diversification from pure gaming, whereas we are the only ones actually delivering on all aspects of that diversification. From the outset, my commitment to the government of bringing diversification of Macao has been unwavering. I believe diversification is important for Macao, and I believe diversification is important for our business. The financial success of our business in Macao has also allowed us to share the financial benefits out of our growth with our employees and team members in Macao. We are, by far, the largest employer in Macao, and we have provided generous wage and benefit growth for our team members throughout the years, as well as unrivaled opportunities for their professional development and career progression. There has been a great deal of noise slightly from certain critics in certain circles about the negative impact of rising labor costs in Macao. Let me share with you that we are more than happy to increase the salaries of our employees there. And while our employee compensation and benefit costs have increased in dollars terms meaningfully, as we have grown in Macao from about $450 million in 2010 or 10.9% of SCL's net revenue to what will be slightly over $1 billion in the 2014 year, approximately 11% of net revenue. So how does that make a difference to us, when over four years our increase in revenue has outpaced the increase in wage and benefit dollars. Clearly, our labor cost have remained very stable over the last four years, when measured as a percentage of revenue and our rate of growth in net revenue has kept up with the growth in labor costs, in fact, in some cases exceeded it. To come back to our three unique differentiators. First, the scale of our hotel room inventory caters to the broadest range of offerings and customer segments. Second, our retail mall portfolio. By the way, we have secured commitments by retailers for 85% of the retail mall at the Parisian and we are more than a year away from opening there. Our fourth mall. The Parisian is our fourth mall in Macao. Third, our unique and ambitious events and entertainment strategy, fully utilizing our advantage in having multiple performance venues, particularly the Cotai arena. We now have a track record of bringing world-class events to Macao. I don't believe any of these unique competitive advantages can remotely be matched by our competition, even after the completion of the next phase of their developments. While there have been and will continue to be cyclical bumps along the path of secular growth, I have every confidence in our ability to clearly grow over the long term. We have a still under-penetrated Chinese market. We have improving transportation infrastructure. And we, Las Vegas Sands, through Sands China have a uniquely differentiated portfolio of properties and product offerings in Macao. So that completes my opening remarks on Macao operations. Now let me turn to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. We generated $352 million of EBITDA at Marina Bay Sands during the quarter, while hold-normalized EBITDA was $15 million higher at $367 million. Despite a 34% decline in rolling volumes, our hold-normalized EBITDA is down by only 2% year-on-year.. I think this again demonstrates the quality and resilience of the cash flow generation at MBS. Mass win per day reached, and this is a number we have been reporting to you for the last year or two, it reached an all-time quarterly record of $4.8 million, up 7% year-on-year, principally driven by our successful efforts in bringing in the foreign premium mass customers to Singapore. In the VIP rolling segment, we have chosen to seek some lower volume revenue and have focused our efforts on long-term profitability. We would much rather take in a lower cost, high-end of the market and let somebody else take the much higher cost lower margin end of the market. We maintained a very prudent reserve ratio during the quarter and will continue to maintain the highest compliance standards in the industry. At the same time, Marina Bay Sands continues to serve as the most important reference site for emerging jurisdictions that are considering large-scale integrated resort development. It is obvious that that would put us in an advantageous competitive position as a candidate for emerging market opportunities when the first thing they are saying is, they want a Marina Bay Sands, nice based iconic structure, and that's what we specialize in. Both Japan and Korea have extensively mentioned MBS, Marina Bay Sands, as their model for integrated resort development. Marina Bay Sands is the most iconic integrated resort in the world. That iconic appeal has driven strong growth and valuation from residents of Japan, Korea and the world to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. We have prepared and presented in Korea, one of the most iconic buildings ever, will turn out to be the most iconic building in the world and we hope and we believe that its received a very, very strong reception, a positive reception. Again, we are the creators of the convention based integrated resorts. Our meetings, incentive, convention and exhibition facilities in Singapore have contributed meaningfully to Singapore's appeal in Asia as a nice destination. Our mall at Marina Bay Sands is the most important shopping destination in Singapore, which by itself is among the most important shopping destinations in Asia. On that note, let's move onto our potential development opportunities in new jurisdictions to which I am dabbling in a minute. In Japan we are pleased to see that progress is being made. Earlier this year the Diet began discussion of proposed integrated resort legislation. The legislative process there continues. We are pursuing the potential for an IR development in Japan, with great enthusiasm and believe our unique convention-based integrated resort development model will bring meaningful benefits to Japan in terms of business and leisure tourism, employment and economic growth. We have also been spending extensive time on the ground in Korea, to which I am also going. We have been doing so for some time. As in Japan, we believe integrated resort developments can deliver significant economic benefits to the local and national governments. In both Japan and Korea, we are willing to commit substantial capital investment to develop large-scale, truly iconic integrated resorts. There is also the potential for Vietnam to move to allow domestic entry with social safeguards in the context of an IR development. It could also very well be that Vietnam emerges as the jurisdiction suitable for an appropriately scaled integrated resort. And we are assertively exploring opportunities in that market. Financially, we have the wherewithal to pursue developments in all three of these jurisdictions concurrently, if the opportunity to do so arises. Our track record speaks for itself. Our development capabilities, our operating know-how in every business segment of the integrated resort and our financial strength are unmatched. We believe we are exceptionally well positioned to compete for these development opportunities. Finally, let's address the return of capital to shareholders. The confidence we have in the strength of our business and the reliability and predictability of our cash flows have allowed us to progressively increase the return of capital to shareholders. Ours remains a uniquely privileged business model. We can continue to return significant amounts of capital to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks, while retaining more than sufficient financial firepower to pursue both organic growth and new development opportunities for the periods that it will take to plan and develop these and at the same time to generate significant cash flow that gives us plenty of extra money. Over the last 11 quarters through September 30, 2014, we have returned over $8.3 billion to our shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases, including nearly $7 billion to Las Vegas Sands shareholders and at Hong Kong dollars, the equivalent of over $1.5 billion to shareholders of Sands China. Also last year we increased the annual dividend for LVS 42.9% for the 2014 calendar year. For 2015, I am pleased to announce that the Board of Directors has recently increased the dividend by 30% to $2.60 per year or $0.65 per quarter, yay dividends. The increase in the dividend will take place beginning in the first quarter of 2015. We have every intention of increasing the dividends in the years ahead as our business and cash flows continue to grow. In addition to dividend growth, we returned $300 million of capital to LVS shareholders this quarter through a stock repurchase program which I believe completed the previously authorized $2 billion. This completed the execution of our initial $2 billion LVS stock repurchase authorization. I am now pleased to announce that the Board of Directors has also authorized an additional $2 billion for further stock repurchases. We look forward to continue to utilize the stock repurchase program to return capital to shareholders and to enhance long-term shareholder returns. In conclusion, we will continue to stay disciplined and execute our business plan. With the right strategy and the right management team in place, I am more confident than ever about our future success. Before I turn the call over to the operator to the Q&A session, I wanted to take a moment to thank Mike Leven for the meaningful contributions he has made to the company over the more than five years he has served as its President and Chief Operating Officer. His ability to execute my vision for the company will always be appreciated. While this will be Mike's final quarterly conference call, as he will retire from this position as President and COO at the end of this year, we look forward to his continuing contributions as a member of the Board of Directors for both Las Vegas Sands Corporation and Sands China Limited. On behalf of the 50,000 worldwide employees of Las Vegas Sands, as well as our Board of Directors and management team, and particularly from me personally, thank you Mike for the efforts you have made on behalf of both our companies. All of us here at Las Vegas Sands wish you all the best in the future. Now I am turning it over to Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: Good afternoon everybody. Question for you all in Macao on the base mass and premium mass departmental profit margin assumption specifically referring to your slide 21 in supplemental earnings slide deck. The assumptions are lowered for both base and premium mass relative to three months ago. I kind of understand, I think I understand what's going on in the premium mass. Can you talk about what's actually going on in both segments relative to three months ago? And specifically when you look at the third quarter results, are those the profit margins that you experienced or are you making further lowered assumptions going forward? And then on a follow topic, if you can talk about the smoking ban impact? That's something, obviously, we all are curious about to hear your experiences. Thank you.
Sheldon Adelson: I will tell you, Joe, I will start with the easy one. Smoking, we don't think has been impactful. It's difficult with all things going Hong Kong, and obviously, the other pressures in Macau, all the headwinds we have been facing, it is really hard to segregate the smoking issue directly, but our anecdotal feedback is pretty positive that it doesn't appear to be impactful in any segment. The smoking areas are being utilized and business appears to be unaffected by the smoking issue. As for the margin issue, I think we are all aware that there is competitive pressures in the premium mass segment. I think you will hear that one, anybody who has been in Macau recently. We have the wonderful structural advantage of having a lot more control, a lot stronger position in mass mass or base mass segment. We remain steadfast and I believe we can get a 45% plus margin there. That's somewhere we think today and tomorrow the decisions made by this company 10 years ago will resonate for years to come in terms of having more gaming positions, more sleeping rooms, more retail and simply more control over that segment. So we are very much a big believer of these standalone tables and more tables and more gaming capacity, more retail, et cetera. So we are very secure that we can run the highest margins at 45% plus in the base mass or mass mass segment. Competitive pressures are unavoidable right now in premium mass. I think you will see by other, the competitors versus our numbers that win per unit is one metric but flow through is another. Our margins have dipped a bit. I think they will, with the declining junket situation, I think there will be more pressure in premium mass. Having said that, our blended flow through is going to stay around 40%, and we believe it will rise with the market getting stronger. Again, our strength, the breakdown of our mass revenues is still leaning heavily towards the pure mass side than mass mass side which gives a very strong advantage to maintain margin and we think the other competitors are going to have a different situation because we have obviously structurally a better place to build. On the premium mass side, I think there has been escalating pressure and that will continue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good afternoon guys. Just two questions from me. My first would be, on the buyback I think previously you guys have given some kind of general target around maybe $75 million or so a month. Just any guidance you could give us folks in terms of being more opportunistic on that, given the recent dip in the share price? And then my follow up would be, on the capital expenditures, it looks like things were pushed out a little bit on the Parisian and maybe some of your other projects as well. I am referring to one of the slides laid in your slide deck. If you could just give us a little bit more color on some of these changes in the capital expenditure expectations, that would be great. Thank you.
Patrick Dumont: Hi Shaun, it's Patrick Dumont. How are you?
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I am great, Patrick. Thanks.
Patrick Dumont: In terms of the buyback, the focus of the Board has been that it will be programmatic in nature. The levels haven't been exactly set as of yet, but it is something that we will identify over the next couple of weeks.
Sheldon Adelson: We just got the okay. This is Sheldon. We just got the okay from the Board. I think it was Monday and we are having a board meeting coming up next week in Macau. We are having two separate board meetings, LVS and SCL, and we will attempt to come out with the details of the program. It will probably be somewhat similar to what we have done so that we could spread it over a period of time. But then again, as any opportunism arises we should take another look at it then.
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And with respect to Parisian targeted opening date?
Sheldon Adelson: Parisian targeted opening date. We have two categories of opening date, partial opening and complete opening. The last I am going to look at it next week. As I said earlier, I am going to Japan, Korea and I am also going to Macau. The last thing I have been told is that a full opening will occur in March, but we can still achieve a partial opening of the casino and some number of rooms if the government will allow us to do that in November or December. So it's not a minor issue. It's maybe we have a partial opening, which has occurred in the past to us and everybody else. So I hope we can open partially in November, December of 2015.
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Patrick Dumont: Thanks, Shaun.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good afternoon. Two questions on Macao. First one, just following up on the earlier commentary regarding premium mass competition, and also just on slide 21 you are showing that there is slower growth there versus base mass. You have continued to shift tables to the premium mass segment over the past couple of quarters. Are you going to slow that down at all? Or are you going to shift back to mass mass? And then the second question is just around the Macau market in general, visitation continues to be quite strong, up high single digits but gaming revenue growth has obviously decelerated. Can you just talk a little bit more about the shift in the customer mix? Are really customers coming fewer times or just any interesting dynamic you can add? Thanks.
Unidentified Company Representative: The first thing, Thomas, we will move tables based on market demand obviously. We have moved away, as you know, last couple of years from the junket segment into premium mass as well as pure mass and that will be the continuing mantra for the team over there as time tells what to do. It's very simply a managerial position to take that wherever the most money is made at the table, that's where we will deploy it. And there is no magic to when we have done it in the past. There is no magic in the future. The market will dictate that. At this point, you know, there is excessive supply on the junket side than probably on the premium mass side. So my guess, we would be more focused on mass mass where our biggest advantage resides. As for the new growth in new visitor, first thing it is very positive that we are seeing more growth in Macau. I think it bodes well for future in Macau. I think it bodes well for the story. China, we believe, has continued to be very supportive of Macau. The President will be there this December. The infrastructural improvements continue at a massive scale and given the more settled environment, meaning Hong Kong becomes calmer, smoking is absorbed, we believe the Macau story will continue quite nicely and future supply will grow demand and Macau will offer the Chinese growing middle-class a first-class destination. Having said that, as you noted, there is not the same amount of growth in the GGRs commensurate with the growth in the pure visitors to Macau. I think that will change in time. We believe very much so that as new markets open up and the transportation matures, that problem will solve itself. It's a much better situation than having less demand for the city in terms of visitors shift. So clearly we want to see more GGR growth coming out of new visitors but the numbers are what they are. We remain very confident that the mass mass business, which is our strength and the backbone of our strategy will yield a great profit in the future, and those future people coming to Macau, they won't just sleep there and eat there and go see shows and shop. They will in fact gamble.
Sheldon Adelson: This red herring of the smoking issue, which I talk to the people in Macau every day, seems to have no impact. The few people grumble a little bit about going into the smoking lounge, but they are an obedient society, and they do what the government says. And they go to the smoking rooms and they seem to enjoy and come back out. It reminds me of what the colloquial title was of the year 2000. There is no nature, God and nature must have known whether it was Eastern Standard Time or Central or Mountain or Pacific Standard Time or maybe Hawaii Time, that will maybe the first reporting of midnight Australia Time, I don't know, but it was all a big hullabaloo about nothing. So to quote, I think it was Shakespeare, "It's all a tempest in a teapot." Was that Shakespeare?
Unidentified Company Representative: I am not sure.
Sheldon Adelson: We have a Brit here. Is that, you said Shakespeare?
Unidentified Company Representative: Almost, you were paraphrasing him.
Sheldon Adelson: Paraphrasing, okay. Well, he is not really a Brit. He is Scottish. Almost, not a Brit.
Unidentified Company Representative: Anything else, Thomas?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank: Hi, everyone. Good morning or good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Just on the VIP side in Macau, it appears as if there is a little bit of a difference in the incremental margin for the addbacks. And I am wondering if maybe there was a delta in your direct hold this time that's causing it to look a little bit different?
Unidentified Company Representative: I don't think so.
Daniel Briggs: Carlo, you are asking about the mix issue? I guess you guys get all the lead data that doesn't include our specific hold on our non-junket business.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank: Yes, I was just wondering --
Daniel Briggs: I can tell you that the margins in VIP in Macau are healthy. Commission rates are not going up.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank: That's what I was looking for. Thanks, Dan.
Daniel Briggs: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. With the new buyback authorization, can you just discuss for a moment how you are planning on funding that? Will that be continued from free cash flow? Are you planning on increasing leverage? How are you thinking about that? And then I have a follow-up about Singapore.
Sheldon Adelson: Money. According to the song, it's burning a hole in our pocket. We haven't addressed that yet, Felicia.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Okay, and --
Sheldon Adelson: We know that we have plenty of money and we are contemplating, we been using all cash for the development and construction of the Parisian Macao, and we are now going to go out and get a separate project financing that will recover a lot of the cash that we put in there. So earnings at the rate of 5%, 5.5%, 6%, 6.5% that I see some of you analysts come out with, I think per year, I think we are going to have plenty of cash flow.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Yes. That's helpful color. Thank you. And then just on Singapore. Rob, we have seen it in the numbers. You are sacrificing some of your roll for profitability, which is a great strategy. Just trying to think about, for those of us who are modeling this, what is the optimal level of roll you are trying to get to as you maximize the profitability there?
Robert Goldstein: It's a hard question to answer, Felicia, because --
Sheldon Adelson: That's saying how high is up?
Robert Goldstein: We would love to be rolling $60 billion a year. We just have some headwinds we just can't overcome. One is the commissions. We remain steadfast in our belief that to pay too much commission makes no sense in terms of margin and profitability. Second, as we are very cognizant of the atmosphere in China and lending exorbitantly in China. So call us too conservative for today but as you can see with this quarter's results, we are bearish in terms of that segment right now. We love to see return to days of $15 billion a quarter, with appropriate margins. It's tough to model because as you know it is highly concentrated. It is driven by not as many players as we like it to be. We are also in a very competitive environment vis-à-vis our competitor there plus, the Philippines. I wish I can give you color that I could believe myself, but the team and I are working through it. In fact, we are meeting next week to talk that very issue through. We are trying very hard to remain focused on profitability and for right now, I think you can model up more growth in our $4.8 million a day and 60 plus point margin. I am not as confidence to give you any kind of forecast how we see the rolling business. It really depends on the environment.
Sheldon Adelson: Unfortunately, we have a competitor that has never worked in a competitive market before. Genting Berhad didn't have any competition and exclusive in Malaysia. So apparently they are still trying to get used to having competition. But when they have competition, it appears as though their only response to that is to what we call quote, "buy the business." They are paying up to 1.7 and 1.8, anecdotally above for the junket -- not the junket, but they are paying the same thing to the premium direct VIP players, and we are still down a much lower reasonable number. No more than what we pay in Macau to the junket reps. So that's why we have grown to take over in excess of 55% of the market GGR compared to their 45% of the market and who knows, maybe one day, they will get used to competing on the basis of a quality product. If they ever build one and they won't have to buy the business.
Robert Goldstein: I wouldn't say we are out of that business. The one thing I would caution is that, it's a very thin and concentrated business. I would like to say we are back in it in a big way. We have the product. We have the demand. And we also have the headwinds of the fact that we are very, very careful and trying really hard to be the most compliant people in the industry. So moving money for us is also a challenge. But having said that, we are hoping to have a stronger day in that segment in Singapore in 2015.
Sheldon Adelson: Let me give you an idea. I wanted to discuss this about where we stand competitively, what kind of advantage we have in the emerging markets. For instance, when we plan an integrated resort, our competitors, for instance Genting in Sentosa. When we say we have nice facilities, we have Asia's largest ballroom at 90,000 square feet column free, while our competitor has a 60,000 foot volume which doubles up as an exhibition space and event center. We have over 400,000 square feet of additional exhibition space when our competitive downtown Suntec has only 200,000. So when we plan, we don't say Genting has only 17 meeting rooms, we have 250 which can be combined into smaller ballrooms that will hold 600, 700, 800 people for dinners. And out ballroom is sold out six months in advance. So when we go into Japan or Korea and we say we have an integrated resort, we will go in with somewhere, maybe 500 meeting rooms and somebody else will come in and say, oh, we are an integrated resort. We have some of the components that LVS or SCL has and they will come out with 20 or 30 meeting rooms. We based our meeting rooms on a formula that's calculated on so many square feet per sleeping room and the allocation of total room supply towards the MICE business. So we say we have meeting rooms, we have meeting rooms. When we talk about having the mall, we have up to and in excess of a million square feet of mall and our competitors come along and say, oh, we have a mall as part of our IR and see we have got 50,000 square feet and about a dozen retailers. So we can talk about 300, 400, 500 retailers in the mall and that gives us the critical mass and takes us to where we are in Macao. My original vision was, is and will be critical mass. But it's based on an educated and informed calculation of how many MICE meeting room, how much MICE space we have based upon the number of sleeping rooms, we allocate to MICE based upon the entertainment. Look, we are the only place that has a museum and we have arenas and we plan arenas in our future development. So that differentiates us between competitive slate.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Your line is open.
Robin Farley - UBS: Thanks. I wonder if you can talk about your interest in Japan? There is some discussion that locals may not be allowed. And does that change the scope of what you think you could do there or what you would be willing to invest since locals would have been a significant part of a project there.
Sheldon Adelson: From our standpoint, I will say that we will not be interested in Japan or any other country on a foreigners only basis. We can't do that. Our business model won't allow it. I could point out to you that in Korea there are 17 casinos. One, Kangwon Land is the direct with domestic entry. The other 16 foreigners only casino don't do as much combined as the single domestic entry casino does and it's different people have different the estimates. And depending on what time of the year, Korea is in the snow belt and so is the North Korea -- I am sorry, north of South Korea is in the snow belt as is Japan and I spent a lot of time in both places. But it takes anywhere from two-and-half to four hours to drive depending upon weather and traffic. But the foreigners only casinos in Korea cannot anticipate getting large amounts of business and therefore they can't build a true integrated resort with all of its components that need the casino to subsidize the loss making components. So, from our standpoint, we are not interested in developing a multi-billion dollar resort and nobody else can. If somebody just wants to open a small casino box and try to get people of foreign countries, say from China to come to Korea or Japan, all we have to do is look at South Korea and Jeju Island has got half of the foreigners only casinos and ask ourselves whether or not a plain casino with one or two restaurants can compete with the humongous and big integrated resorts in Macau and in Singapore. We only have to look at Australia and Philippines to see that they don't have the components of a true integrated resort. But they do a good job. They are well regulated. We went out there and don't anticipate going there. And we are not interested in foreigners only resorts.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, great. That's helpful, and for my follow-up question, I wonder if you can comment on, with Golden Week, whether the players that had not been to Macau in a while come back, did id help collections? Is it your sense from the junkets, did that help at all with liquidity in the system?
Robert Goldstein: Dan will take that. Well, I am not going to talk about Golden Week in the middle of October in this call. I can't do it.
Sheldon Adelson: But reported in the third quarter, not on when Golden Week is.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay.
Sheldon Adelson: That's in the fourth quarter.
Robin Farley - UBS: Thank you.
Sheldon Adelson: Sorry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Hi. Sheldon, when I looked at slide 28 of your deck, I saw how well once again the mall is doing. And I just wanted to once again ask your thoughts on selling it and then to combine that with the ability to use that cash, basically sell the mall at pretty high profitability, pretty big multiples we are still seeing out there and then use that cash to buy back stock at an even faster pace and just create that arbitrage. I just wanted to see what your reaction was to that and whether that's something, whether those are two separate decisions? Or whether they can be combined?
Sheldon Adelson: You wanted to know whether or not we are interested in selling the malls?
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Yes.
Sheldon Adelson: I did give out the number to you above the dark long arrow spanning all the bars. It says 19.1%. You think that this is an appropriate prudent time to sell while we are still growing and that includes a little slow down to 9% in the last quarter or last two quarters. Part of our properties can go up 20%, 30%. We have expanded and improved significantly. The mall at the Four Seasons which is running on average about $5,500 per square foot per annum and we have the DFS boutique shops that are running at $7,000 a square foot. I was talking to somebody with authoritative data points in Saks Fifth Avenue in New York City and I think it is only running at $1,000 a foot. And I look at the Four Seasons mall which does $7,000 per square foot compared to other like Neiman Marcus and other top U.S. brands, they don't come within shouting distance where the malls are. We don't yet see if we have ever come down to under 10% growth, we would consider that, I would never sell this mall at approximately 20% growth with the likelihood of more. We are redoing a lot of the slower malls and slow retailers in Macau. We are adding on 330,000 net rentable square feet and we have submitted four other projections, including an 800,000 square foot retail mall on the Tropical Gardens and I hope to see the government when I go there next week. We are the leading IR developers in shopping by far. Actually as a matter of fact, one of the problems is that, say you look at $536 million, there is no mall having $536 million in the third quarter of 2014, when we continue our tweaking of MBS and Four Seasons and when we add on more space at the Parisian, we are bigger than any of the REITs in Asia. So there is no single REIT that's in a position to buy us. As a matter of fact, we would be more in a position to buy them. But as long as we keep growing, I could see that number going up significantly over the next handful of years. And I don't know. We are going to have to -- the original plan was to monetize it and at a 4% cap rate, which we think is achievable, we should be looking at it, but it's tough to want to sell when you are growing at 20%, 30% a year.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Okay, so that's really, because the valuations were already there and it's really that you are just continuing to see growth and still see some more opportunity there. Could I then just ask, how are the discounts in Macau manifesting themselves? What are the things that your competitors are doing to eat away at this? Is it giveaways? Is it discounts on losses? What are they doing that allows them to effectively do this, especially when you look at your own properties, which are so iconic, so attractive? It's hard for me to imagine what they could be giving to get people to come to their place rather than your place.
Sheldon Adelson: You mean on the gaming side?
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Yes.
Sheldon Adelson: They are not discounts there. Discounts that take place here in Vegas, in the U.S. We always take all discounts, but it is the rolling chip by commission.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: So that's where --
Robert Goldstein: You mean the mass, Steve? You mean the mass, I assume, right?
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Yes, I am talking about the mass. What is going on there?
Robert Goldstein: Steve, two things. Mass is obviously multi-segment. Our margins have maintained the highest levels in the pure mass. And again, that's our strength. It resides there today, tomorrow and forever because they are structurally managed due to asset class in our portfolio. On the premium mass, it is lot more competitive. We compete in that segment as well, and pressure there were comes from labor costs, which Sheldon alluded to in his opening remarks, as well as promotional chips as well as complimentary rooms as well as lucky chips. There is multitude of ways you can incent customers to gamble. And think of it as when there are only so many tables in the market and the junket business is eroding, people are more focused on that segment. So I think you will see, across the board, margins in that area are going to be difficult. We are doing that at all and our strength, which is over $2 billion of EBITDA, emanates from the pure mass side, and that's where we steadfastly maintained that. As the market is healthier, we would like to grow our margin back into the 42%, 43%, 44% range combined. But for now, we are in the 30s in the premium mass and then the mid-40s in the pure mass.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Thanks for the color.
Robert Goldstein: Sure.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura. Your line is open.
Harry Curtis - Nomura: Hi. Sheldon, I had a quick question on a comment that you made a couple of weeks ago about your, I don't know if it was a hope or a belief that you could see an improvement in the VIP business over the coming few months. My first question is, do you have confidence behind that? Or what might you be looking at to see that kind of improvement? Then the second question that I had is, if you guys could talk about the expected number of tables that the Parisian is going to get? What are the formulas that if you were the Macau government, you would espouse? Thanks.
Sheldon Adelson: I will answer the last part first. The Macau government has said repeatedly that it will give favoritism to the operator that puts in more non-gaming space than gaming. And they said, nobody will get any tables if the gaming space represents more than 10% of the total amount of space to be built. This is our business model. I heard that one of our competitors was enlarging their lobby significantly so they can have a greater of non-gaming to gaming. I suppose, counting lobbies might be part of that trick. I did say that it would be a few months, I was quoted as saying two months and thank you, Harry, for asking that question. I forgot, but I did want to try to find a place to correct that. It was that day or the day before that the Chinese government had said that the investigation of the corruption was complete. I have since heard that the investigation in corruption has been narrowed to a certain segment of this society, and it's not the impression that the press gave based upon that day's or the day before statement that they were stopping the investigation on the high profile people who are on the government, people that were gaming. So I would have to rethink. I don't really know. I said that honestly and with good information at that time, but I think it will then have to get greater clarification on what the central government means about the narrow portion. I saw a couple of days ago that they enumerated the number of cases they were investigating. It was somewhere around 6,000 or 7,000 individual cases. I don't know what that means. They said there were party members, the communist party members that amounted to about 7,000. They were investigating. I have no idea whether that's a complete number, an incomplete number. I am sure the government is pointing out the right numbers, but what that represents in terms of how much they anticipated investigating. So if I were asked the same question again today, I would say that it's tough to say. It could be anywhere from three or four months. And most of the analysts are projecting that by the second quarter of 2015 that it should either already be on the growth track or will accelerate being on the growth track by the second quarter. But one thing I will say for sure, it's not going away. It's going to come back. Again, nobody's changing the culture of 1.4 billion people. It simply does not happen.. It is not if, it's when. Does that answer your question, Harry?
Harry Curtis - Nomura: It does. If I could just ask one other quick question, Rob. Rob, on a hold-adjusted basis in Macau, and I think I have got these numbers right, but I am not sure, it looks like your margins, your EBITDA margin, was roughly flat year-over-year which I think in this competitive environment and the decline in VIP is pretty exceptional. But the question is, given your more cautious comments about margins on the premium mass side, is it going to be tough to hold those margins flat? Or do you think that there are things you guys can do on the expense side to at least keep those margins flat?
Robert Goldstein: Two thoughts, Harry. One is, there are certain things we can do and I think the team there is addressing the expense part of the ledger. But honestly, we believe is that the mass business maintains and maybe even exceeds and the margin as you get stronger in, hope, this quarter in 2015. So again the great majority of our business comes out of is on mass. These are margin and our EBITDA is so strong in Macau is because we have a mass-driven model over there. And so I think maintaining the margin is very, very possible, if not growing the margin. The question is the competitive set, what they do in premium mass segment. That's the one thing I can't understand will happen there. Hopefully that remains an environment where you can work in the current structure and not losing more margin in the premium mass side. Mass mass feels very good and we can control expense and perhaps even get some better cost control over our numbers. But, in essence, our story is so much different than anybody else because of the fact that mass segment is our strength and that's where we reside primarily and that's the biggest part of our composite of our EBITDA.
Daniel Briggs: And Harry, to be clear, on page 10 of the slide deck, we actually had a 100 bip increase in margins on a hold-normalized basis from 34% to 35%. So margins increased by 100 bips on hold-adjusted basis, despite the fact that we are seeing pressure in premium mass.
Harry Curtis - Nomura: Very good. Thank you.
Robert Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-17 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  Daniel Briggs – SVP, IR Sheldon Adelson – Chairman and CEO
Analysts:  Joe Greff – JPMorgan Robert Goldstein – President, Global Gaming Operations Shaun Kelley – Bank of America John Oh – CLSA Carlo Santarelli – Deutsche Bank Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Robin Farley – UBS Securities Michael Alan Leven Thomas Allen – Morgan Stanley Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs 
Operator: Welcome to the Las Vegas Sands Corporation Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you, Mike. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today’s conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal Securities Laws. The Company’s actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today’s press release under the caption forward-looking statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income and hold-normalized adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS and hold-normalized adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted property EBITDA and hold-normalized adjusted property EBITDA, all of which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of those measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are also included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. We also want to inform you that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website for your use. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. With that let me please introduce our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson.
Sheldon Adelson: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. We are pleased with our financial results which reflect continued execution of our principal strategic objectives. We delivered strong growth in revenue, cash flow, net income and earnings per share again this quarter, with our adjusted diluted earnings per share increasing 31% from the prior year’s quarter to reach a second quarter record of $0.85 per share. When we started bonus program on Macau this quarter it impacted our EBITDA by approximately $29 million, and our adjusted earnings for diluted share by $0.03. That means I don’t want to make this clear. Our EBITDA would have been $29 million higher which is $1.34 billion, and we now initiated the bonus program. We also meaningfully increased the return of capital to shareholders. And our $0.85 earnings per share would have been $0.88. Let me take you through some of the highlights of our results in Macau through the quarter. I suspect there are a number of common questions that you want to ask in Q&A. So I will take this opportunity to give you my perspective on the issues and drivers that impacted the quarter. Macau adjusted property EBITDA grew by 22% to $801 million in quarter two. Had we not made the adjustment I mentioned previously, our Macau EBITDA would have been $830 million and the growth would have been 27%. During the quarter we again outpaced the market in terms of gaming revenue growth. Our growth gaming revenue was up 12% versus the market that was up 5%. Two points to note here, firstly, our mass table and club revenues continue to grow ahead in the market. Secondly, during the period when VIP is experiencing a slowdown, our business makes us clearly more defensive than the overall market. As we have a much higher proportion of our growth gaming revenue on mass market revenue. For the second quarter our gaming revenue mix was 44% VIP and 56% non-VIP whereas the Macau market, the overall Macau market was 60% VIP and 40% non-VIP. The VIP segment represents just 17% of our departmental profit in Macau [ph]. Now let me give you some gun material [ph] in each segment. With respect to VIP gaming, the fact is being on a slowdown of well documented. One, kind of liquidity conditions above the Chinese economy and the junket system. Two, the slowdown in the Chinese real estate market. And three, a general backdrop of uncertainty and caution in the economy. The latter has affected not just VIP gaming but also other sectors of luxury spending. The press has extensively reported a crackdown of corruption in the PLC, not in Macau. As in the past as I have experienced, that type of criton creates uncertainty, and that uncertainty temporarily slows the VIP market in Macau. Let me emphasize – it’s temporary and it’s cyclical. I’ve seen that happen several times in the past in last 10 years. Clearly the World Cup had a negative impact on overall GGR in June, and particularly in the VIP segment. June VIP revenues are down by 20% versus May this year. I had somebody check this out and what we found was that the same thing happened in 2010, the previous World Cup. The client then was 24% whereas in 2011 to 2013 the average decline month-on-month is only 11%. So there was a 24% drop during the World Cup four years ago, and whereas the traditional May to June drop for intervening this was only 11%. We aim to get our fair share of the VIP market which albeit low margin is still a $30 billion a year market. Now we continue to invest in our premium direct segment where we deal directly with VIP customers which expands to lower level of rolling volume decline in quarter two than our junket volumes. At the same time we will continue to reallocate resources between VIP and mass in order to optimize our profits. You will notice that compared to a year ago we have reduced VIP table capacity by 28% and increased mass table capacity by 14%. As a result our win per unit in VIP segment is actually up 32% year-over-year while our mass win per unit is up 17%. With respect to mass table games, the market growth obviously continue to be very healthy with 33% growth. Suffice to say that even with the World Cup effect, the mass table revenue per day attune for all of Macau was only 1% lower than last October, the best month of 2013 – that was also the best month in Macau’s history up until the end of 2013, this is really worth noting. In terms of our own performance, we retracted by low hold in segment. We estimate that factor contributed about $32 million negative impact on our revenue for the quarter. If we adjusted for this mass slot, as well as the 14-month bonus, our Macau EBITDA would have been $850 million, not being under $1 million [ph] that we reported. So it’s a further adjustment that would bring it up $49 million more to $850 million. Clearly we have experienced very strong growth in premium mass. And as the segment becomes a greater proportion of our non-rolling table win, the volatility and expansion becomes more of a factor, especially over the three months period. Now we will comment on business mix on non-rolling. As most of you will appreciate, we have a dominant position in the core market, core mass segment, given the sheer scale and breadth of our gaming and non-gaming capacity and product. Q2 is typically a bit slower in terms of the base mass business and the non-gaming segments. As the second half progresses, with the summer holidaying months and then the seasonally strong October and December months, the full extent of our competitive advantage in the mass market will become much more pronounced. I highlighted in the Q1 call our strategy of fully utilizing our room inventory for our high value mass gaming customers. We continue to execute very successfully on this strategy. Our database continues to growth rapidly, our revenue per room might remain stable despite a rapid increase in room usage. Now we continue to build customer loyalty. This is clearly evident in the continued success in the mass business in Sands Cotai Central. I now want to make a few comments on margin. Sands China enjoys industry leading operating margins. This quarter we achieved 34% margin, up almost 200 basis points against the prior year. There are many factors contributing to our superior profitability versus the competition; business mix, operating efficiency, and the ability of our properties to attract an outsize share of Macau visitation. For example, in 2013 with just under 30 million visitors to Macau, we had 63 million visitations to our properties, that is outpacing the market. For every person that came in to Macau, we had two visitations in our combined properties. With growth of property – portfolio properties that position us as the destination of choice, virtually every type of visitor coming to Macau. With that being said, there are number of factors affecting the margin for the quarter. Firstly there is the accrual for the 14-month bonus for our employees which totaled $29 million in the quarter. Secondly there is the impact on low non-rolling hold in premium mass. And thirdly the business makes it somewhat less favorable to margin. Rob can elaborate on these drivers in more detail during the Q&A but let me emphasize one point. We’re committed to judiciously reinvesting in our business in Macau, this includes unthreading [ph] our physical product and nurturing and retaining our influence. We also have every intention of continuing to promote local talent in Macau. In business, there is strategy and there are tactics. The growth of success today to arise from having the right strategy from the outset. Today everyone likes to talk about Macau’s diversification from pure gaming, whereas we are actually delivering on all aspects of diversification. I want to point out that our competitors curl their properties into greater resorts but not one as to nice facilities that we have which is the most important characteristic of an IR. We are the creator of the integrated resorts, and therefore we are the very first, and only two presenter of the convention-based integrated resort business model. Let me highlight three truly unique differentials. First, the scale of our hotel room inventory covering every price point in every customer segment. Second, a retail mall portfolio which with the completion of The Parisian mall encompass four distinctly positioned but complimentary retail shopping experiences, all under one roof, you won’t have to walk outside and experience the weather to connect to all of our properties when they are completed. The utilization of our raised pedestrian connection over the Cotai Strip has increased commuting here – and I watch it every day, about 60%. And the end result of the retail mall on both sides of the pedestrian walkover – by the way, safe condition and with moving sidewalks, and – has significantly increased. So the point where the Four Seasons Mall is the highest grossing mall of sales per square foot anywhere in the world. Let me highlight three truly unique differentials. First, the scale of our hotel room inventory covering every price point in every customer segment. Second, a retail mall portfolio which with the completion of The Parisian mall encompass four distinctly positioned but complimentary retail shopping experiences, all under one roof. Third, our unique and ambitious events and entertainment strategy, fully utilizing our advantages and having multiple performance venues, including the Cotai arena. We are the only property in all of Cotai that has an arena. Again, like so much of what we do – we have been pioneers in entertainment, and we now have a track record of bringing world-class events to Macau. I don’t believe any of these unique competitive advantages can be matched by our competition even after the completion of the next wave of their developments. Let me end my opening remarks on Macau by looking back and looking forward. I have [ph] as my head. I was in Macau in May to join the celebrations of the tenth anniversary of the opening of Sands Macau. That year we opened, 2004, the mass table and slot revenues in the entire Macau market were less than $1.5 billion. In 2007, the year we opened Venetian, mass market revenues were $3.4 billion. In 2012, the year we opened Sands Cotai Central, mass revenues were $11.7 billion. The run rate for the past 12 months has reached $17.5 billion. Although then it will continue to be cyclical bonds along this path of cyclical growth. I have every confidence on our ability to continue to grow – and more than confidence, I’m absolutely certain we will continue to grow. We have a still underpenetrated market. We are improving transport infrastructure, and we, Las Vegas Sands and Sands China, offer uniquely differentiated portfolio of properties and product offerings in Macau. When I created migration for the Cotai Strip I was widely criticized and bellowed. Today the market now knows that the cream [ph] for Macau is the Cotai Strip. So that completes my opening remarks on Macau operations. Now I’m turning to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. We generated $418 million of EBITDA at Marina Bay Sands during the quarter. Despite a 27% decline in rolling volumes, our EBITDA is up 18% year-on-year, and our hold-normalized EBITDA is only marginally down. I think this demonstrates the quality of the cash flow generation at Marina Bay Sands. As I’m feeling many of you are aware the sharp swings in rolling volumes from quarter-to-quarter are attributable in part to ultra high-end patrons. This segment contributes significantly to volumes, overall utility, and accounts receivables, but not nearly as much to profits and margin. We are maintaining this current base of highly profitable rolling customers as we continue to make significant progress in our receivables, the company via very clean reserve ration. At the same time we continue to invest in our foreign premium mass growth initiatives. Of course, the value of Marina Bay Sands to our shareholders is much more than its operating results and financial success, impressive as these maybe, Marina Bay Sands serves as the most important reference site for emerging jurisdictions anywhere in world but considering large-scale integrated resort developments, particularly convention based. On that note, let’s move onto our potential environment into new jurisdictions. In Japan, we are pleased to see the progress that has been made in the last 10 months. That I had recently began discussing the proposed IR legislation. We are pursuing the potential plan on development in Japan with great enthusiasm and believe our convention-based integrated resort development model will bring meaningful benefits to Japan in terms of business and raise the tourism, employment, and economic growth. We have also been spending time apparently to be aware as in Japan we believe integrated resort developments can deliver significant economic benefits with local return [ph]. In both, Japan and Korea, we are willing to commit substantial capital investment to developing large-scale iconic resources. Remember, we are the pioneers in the industry, and we took risks when others hesitated. Our track record speaks for itself. Our development capabilities, our operating know-how in every business segment of the integrated resort and our financial strength are unmatched. We believe we are exceptionally well positioned to compete with these developments [ph]. Finally, let’s address the internal capital to shareholders. The confidence we have in the strength of our business and the reliability and predictability of our cash flows have allowed us to progressively increase the return of capital to shareholders. Ours is a uniquely privileged business model. We can continue to return significant amounts of capital to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks, while retaining more than sufficient financial plethora, to pursue both organic growth and new development opportunities. I’m sure you’ve heard my model, yay dividends. Over the last 10 quarters through June 30, 2014, we have returned $8.3 billion to our shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases, including over $6.7 billion to Las Vegas Sands shareholders, and then Hong Kong Dollars, the equivalent of overall $1.5 billion to the non-LVS shareholders of Sands channel. Also we increased the annual dividend by 42.9% this year. In addition of raised in the LVS recurring dividend, we increased to Sands channel limited into a dividend for 2014 by 30% to 87 Hong Kong cents per share. SCL also paid a special dividend of 70 Hong Kong cents in February 24. We had every intention of increasing the dividends at LVS and SCL in the years ahead as our business in cash flows continue to grow. I’ll repeat, yay dividends. In addition to dividend growth, we returned $320 million of capital through LVS shareholders this quarter to our stock repurchase program leaving approximately $300 million remaining under our current LVS stock repurchase authorization. We look forward to continuing to utilize the stock repurchase program to return capital to shareholders, and to enhance long-term shareholder returns. In conclusion, we are continuing to successfully execute our business plan, and I’m more confident than ever about our future success. It’s my job together with our outstanding management team to make sure we stay disciplined and continue to execute the strategies that will both extend our industry leadership in current and new markets to generate strong growth in outstanding returns for our shareholders in years ahead. With that, let me thank you and let me turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A session.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The first question is from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joe Greff – JPMorgan: Good afternoon, guys. Sheldon you touched on the reasons for the VIP performance in the second quarter for the market as whole, and you mentioned liquidity and credit tightening. Can you talk about what you’re seeing on the VIP side and nearly as important as mass, but what you’re seeing on the VIP side with respect to either credit extended to players on the direct side or to the junkets?
Sheldon Adelson: I’ll turn that over to Rob who will comment on that.
Robert Goldstein: Hi Joe. Hi – the softness in the junket segment has been well documented, the explanations have been explored by a lot of people. Our Macau business, as you know, is not dependant on that. As Sheldon referenced, it’s about 17% of our EBITDA makeup. We’ll keep monitoring the progress in the segment and we’ll use our 1,500 tables and 9,000 rooms to make the best of our profitability. But again, our core driver is the mass business, it’s hard to sit here with the complete – all the answers, what’s happening in the VIP segment. And with so many diverse explanations out there, I’m not sure we get a whole lot of value, I just believe its back end consumer demand is soft and soft industry-wide, and I think it’s foolish for us to guess when that demand will return. And I think that’s as much that I want to say about that segment.
Sheldon Adelson: I’d like to add that that data applies to Macau and not to Singapore.
Robert Goldstein: Yes.
Sheldon Adelson: I think that the uncertainty created in the market by the correct – in the PLC always – it’s cyclical by the way and that always creates uncertainty and people – that’s reflected by fewer people coming to Macau. So even though none of it applies to Macau but it doesn’t affect people coming to Singapore, and we’ve seen an increase in Chinese customers, all those [ph] coming to VIP market, coming to Las Vegas.
Joe Greff – JPMorgan: And with respect to the VIP customer in Macau, are you seeing extended timetables to repay credit? Are you altering reserves or reserving more as a percentage of the credit that’s outstanding – that itself is more that the heart of my question.
Robert Goldstein: Sure. We are definitely monitoring credit extension, actually we’re pulling back with some of the credit but that I don’t think is the issue in Macau for us, it’s just backend demand, we’re very comfortable with our reserves, we think we’re in the right place vis-à-vis our junket partners, we’re not that concerned about credit from a risk perspective. I just continue to believe that the absolute’s are no one is completely clear in what is all the reasons for the pullback, and when that pullback reverses, we better take advantage of it, until that time we’ll monitor closely.
Joe Greff – JPMorgan: Great. And then on top of it, my follow-up –
Sheldon Adelson: It’s like you said Joe, it’s not a major part of our business – not the major part and it’s decreasing as a percentage of our total GGR.
Joe Greff – JPMorgan: Great. So, as my follow-up, do you spend a decent amount of time talking about capital return and what you’ve done historically, maybe – since we’re getting a lot of emailed questions on this, maybe you can revisit with us, how are you thinking over a period of time about increasing the dividend growth policy is from here? And that’s all for me, thanks.
Sheldon Adelson: We are – we had a Board meeting yesterday and I discussed with the Board that – I wanted them to think about the dividend policy and about stock repurchase, and then we would bring it up. We have enough money for the stock repurchase to go through on our regular program to go to this current quarter. And I expect that we will have some dividend news and stock repurchase news on the next earnings call for the third quarter.
Joe Greff – JPMorgan: Great. Thank you.
Sheldon Adelson: You’re welcome Joe.
Operator: Next question is from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley – Bank of America: Great, good afternoon guys. Sheldon or Rob, in the prepared remarks you also mentioned some of the reasons for where you guys performed on your Macau EBITDA margins, I think the third thing that you said was a less favorable business mix and I was wondering if you could actually elaborate on that a little bit just because I think we would have expected with mass being – with VIP being down and mass being up, the business mix would have been in your favor a little bit. So what did you mean by that comment and anything you call out of there would be helpful.
Robert Goldstein: I’ll take that. Let’s begin with the second quarter seasonality issue. We had a stellar first quarter, the result is well [ph]. We weren’t expecting that material growth seasonality, so that didn’t happen. Sheldon referenced the World Cup, I think that goes off saying that impact – we can’t quantify to the dollar amount but clearly it impacted our mass business, especially in the June period. The mix changed unfavorably, so a higher share of our business came out of premium mass which is a little bit lower margin, a few points lower. So the mix was definitely unfavorable in terms of the premium mass performed fine, we took some beating in terms of the whole percentage, a few points low, probably crosses $30 million plus of revenue, higher risk business as you know. Our strength, the LVS advantage resides in all those rooms and games [ph], and it really blossoms in performance of very, very well when the market blossoms. When the market softer, we don’t get that pure mass customer with the highest margins, and frankly we don’t get the fill up over our table positions in all of our sleeping. So I think we have been is inauguration, I’m total confident this summer reversal will happen, we believe the summer has been stellar for us, we have a lot of confidence in the ability to fill those rooms, all those gaming flush at weekends with more mass customers. We don’t want to see a fall off or premium mass, we’re spending a lot of dollars to drive that premium mass business as we’re compelled off, and again that’s our advantage but the truth is, with the – when the market is not as strong as it was in the first quarter we suffered there as weekend rooms were not as filled up and the table positions are not as filled up. So I think the mix absolutely played again this quarter. I still – I showed the reference of the October period, we realized the demand in this market and the expectations are so huge but few months later it was a very good October, looks like a very soft June, it’s kind of ironic how the expectations declined measurably. But again, when you add it in the $32 million of hold-related revenue miss with $30 million, the 14-month issue, the World Cup issue, and the seasonality, I think it starts to explain some of the discipline that we have in terms of the mix and some of the margin, and what happened and – I fully believe it’s aberrational, I fully believe this time will be very, very gratifying for us and for shareholders.
Shaun Kelley – Bank of America: And then Rob, maybe not to beat the dead horse on this but – is the second part of this, so your overall mass table share then kind of dipped down sequentially, right. And you’ve opened up – you’ve dedicated more tables to this segment. So the question is, was that expected and do you expect that to then sequentially bounce back as some of these factors probably will out?
Robert Goldstein: As we have said Shaun, in previous calls, we’re agnostic about the use of tables. We have 1,500 gaming positions, tables rather; we have 9,000 plus sleeping rooms, we have 4,800 slot ETG positions, it’s a massive advantage of this market and as the summer months kick in, we will continue to deploy those assets based on market demand and market interest in them. Obviously junket segment is not where we’re focusing right now in terms of growth, the market will have to wait and see when that returns. Our focus remains – our driver of our core EBITDA remains mass, be it mass tables, mass slots, ETGs, premium mass, that’s our focus, that’s our core ability to grow this market. Do we believe? I couldn’t be more raging bull on Macau had it near this weekend, it is still the greatest gaming market in the world. I guess when we opened up, one thing I can’t help to think about 10 years ago, we opened up Sands Macau, there was questions about could Macau equal or surpass Las Vegas in terms of gaming revenues, I think we all know how that turned out. Cotai will continue to drive Macau beyond Hong Kong and Guangdong, into the provinces of China. The infrastructural improvements coupled with cultural fancy gamble makes Macau the most important market in the world and a very, very safe bet to grow and grow. And finally the penetration in mainland China is still 2% [ph]. So we think Macau is going to bloom, we sure do. We think $100 billion of GGR is reasonable to expect. This last month has been disappointing, but it’s a month in a very, very long race and I think when you see the summer quarter, you’ll feel a lot better about our performance.
Shaun Kelley – Bank of America: I think that’s very clear. Thanks, Rob.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks Shaun, I appreciate it.
Sheldon Adelson: I want to emphasize that one quarter doesn’t make a trend, and nothing is going to change in Macau, nothing is going to change into to come to Macau and play. It has not changed in thousands of years and it isn’t because there is no catalyst to make a change.
Operator: The next question is from John Oh with CLSA.
John Oh – CLSA: Hi, good afternoon guys. Could we talk a little bit about your mass business, especially in the premium mass. Are you seeing customer behavior or the demographics of the very high end of premium mass to be similar to the VIP segment and if this is the case, do you think this segment will be at risk of slowing down like what we are seeing in VIP today?
Robert Goldstein: John, its Rob. I don’t believe that’s the case at all. It’s a different customer, there might be some overlap, there certainly is some overlap but the great majority of mass customers, and even premium mass, are not coming out of junket segment, I think it’s a very different audience. And again, although we are flattish sequentially our year-on-year performance 34% plus indicates all the junkets have come down quite a bit year-on-year unfortunately, the mass business has boomed 34% out of the many businesses that grow 34% year-on-year and yet are worried about future growth. I think it’s clear the growth is there. This second quarter – while Sheldon referenced World Cup etcetera, I think there is a valid variables as the impact of our mass business and the business in the industry but I think it’s very myopic to think that’s going to be an issue for the future. And no, I don’t believe as the junket business is in decline – I believe we all resurrect, the mass business continues to do very well and I don’t believe there is risk of that deterioration, no, I really don’t believe that at all.
Sheldon Adelson: John I think it’s not as close a customer as you think it is because the VIP customer is used to going in the rolling program and the premium mass players are – they are not all from VIP coming downwards, they are playing in the non-rolling segment and it’s just a different kind of person. The player is not just coming from the VIP, coming down to say $100,000 and under, if they are coming up from the $1,000 to $2,000 and above that. So that’s what the premium mass is. We’ve got a $5,000 daily theoretical win from a premium mass customer. That’s not a settling down of VIP customers. And again, one is rolling, one is non-rolling.
John Oh – CLSA: Okay, thank you. And if I can follow-up with a question on hotel rooms. Would you talk to us on how would you think about your comping strategy in Macau? Do you think there is an opportunity to do things a lot more differently now versus from what you’ve done before, maybe get more aggressive with comping rules to take market share in mass? That’s it for me, thanks.
Robert Goldstein: I think it’s very simple. The biggest – let’s be clear, our biggest asset beyond gaming capacity is sleeping room capacity. And for those of you who watched this industry as I have for 35 years, the ability to put someone in a room above that casino is a number one driver where that person gambles. We have that ridiculous advantage of having 9,000 keys in our portfolio and growing shortly. So I think the answer as you know, that’s a huge advantage our approach has been simple, we’ve proven over and over again as we give away complimentary rooms the return is breathtaking. And as long as it continues the team in Macau can continue to deliver those kind of numbers. We are earning $2,000, $3,000, $4,000 per occupied room, that’s a huge advantage to us. So think about it, as that premium mass customer comes in further and further away with a larger budget, has to sleep at some place, can’t go back and forth in a day or two, we’ll be the place of choice in my opinion, for not just this year but for years to come in Cotai. And that relationship between where you sleep and where you gamble is unequivocal, it’s a hugely important. Now that decision years ago to build those rooms puts us in the poll position today, we’ll continue to deploy that resource as long as we get a $2,000, $3,000, $4,000 per night return on that complimentary room. So to me while others are running out of capacity, that becomes a wild advantage of this company as this market swings back to huge growth, and which it will.
John Oh – CLSA: So Rob, do you think you have – sorry, Rob, if I can follow-up, do you think you have the right room comp ratio today? And what do you think of widen mix?
Robert Goldstein: No, we want to be more comps drawn, we want to keep driving, we want to get to $5, $6, $7, $8 billion of mass table wins and the way to get there is to keep giving away rooms to wide customer base. So no, we don’t have – more complimentary towards the right customer mix, there is no place like in the world, it’s not like down in Las Vegas or any place in the US or any place anywhere where you can comp a room to a customer and get a $2,000 or $3,000 yield that night in the casino. No, the mix is keep comping as long as you maintain that margin and maintain that profitability we’ll be aggressively pursuing that customer. That is the strategy along with our mass customer who marches even 10 or 12 points higher. We’re in a very, very privileged place, this has been a disciplined month in June but look forward to the future because it will turn to growth year-on-year 33%, 34%, 35%. Those numbers – there is no place in the world like it, no place like it, and we’re in the right place with the right strategy at the right time.
John Oh – CLSA: Awesome, I like the sound of it. Thank you.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks John.
Operator: The next question is from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli – Deutsche Bank: Hey everyone, good afternoon. I just had a question, it’s kind of a two pronged question on the premium segment. Rob, you mentioned and Sheldon mentioned in the prepared remarks as well about the margin drags, slight margin drag on that premium mass segment and when that’s a higher portion of the mix. I was hoping you guys could clarify that, and maybe in the same breath if you could talk a little bit about why we’re seeing mass hold percentages come down? In my understanding, and please correct me if I’m wrong, but the premium mass customer would be a customer who is more prone to buy at the window and I know you guys do a little bit of different accounting but does that premium mass mix because of the way that you guys calculated have a negative effect, does that premium mass customer becomes a bigger overall customer as a percentage of the total?
Robert Goldstein: No, not at all. I think it remains just the opposite. Here is where we look at the market. We’re lucky that still the majority of our mass business is non-incented – business that comes without a complimentary room, without promo chips, without gifts, etcetera. So I think the point is that customer when we are trying to reference was the mix change when it swings to the premium mass customer who is more highly incented because of the marketplace. So we’re getting high stories, let’s say $36, $37, $38 [ph] due to promo chips, complimentary rooms, complimentary meals, and we all know these things in the gaming world are part of that better premium mass customer. We’re very happy to take 38% of billions of dollars. However, when you marry that to our – what’s made our businesses spectacular in the first quarter in 2013 was, we are when capacities constrained, we have a guy who get the great lion share of the mass customer show $60 million plus visitations, who is that guy, who is that person? They are high frequent that comes in and has been gambling at our places, our ETGs because of the capacity. They can’t go to major stores because the rates are too high when the gaming norms. So we have a very, very fortunate place. I don’t think it’s – to the whole percentage issue, I don’t think it’s a question of changing, it’s not changing, it’s simply more volatile – the more you let go that larger sums of money, some of these folks are betting huge amounts of money on table, that volatility will translate into whole percentage, same thing in Las Vegas where we hold 25% of lot [ph] and 10 point south of that in mass mass, it’s no different. The geography hasn’t changed the mathematics from the tables. So our volatility – this quarter how we held a few points higher and gotten more mass mass, we had $900 million quarter which we’re going to see in the future. We’re not concerned about volatility, it’s part of the game; we’re not concerned about margins, we’ll take 38% or so on the premium mass. But again, our stellar advantage comes in that mass customer, although people do not have the capacity to service.
Carlo Santarelli – Deutsche Bank: That’s helpful Rob and then if I just could one follow-up on Singapore. It appears again, every time we see a big roll quarter it seems like hold and suppressed, and every time we see a big hold it looks like roll is suppressed. Are you guys still pretty confident that there is not a relationship between that just from a peer gamblers perspective who would happen to play more if they happen to be winning, so we would expect that inverse correlation between the two variables?
Robert Goldstein: Yes, sure. The bigger the percentage, the lower the roll because people – the players lose earlier on in the present, in their visit, and if they lose later that means this small roll, so we have a lower percentage of hope. I mean that’s dogma in the industry, that’s the love [ph]. I think – also, in Mr. Sheldon’s comment the idea that we can stimulate very honestly, I would be blown I always look at Singapore, it’s – the role is disappointing but it’s not disappointing relative to what we’re doing in Singapore. We made a very conscious decision, management in Singapore and the team here in Las Vegas, there is an incenting situation among over there which will not be part of, it’s over incenting in some segments. And frankly, we’re not going to play that business, we’re also being more judicious in quite extension because we see some of the concerns we have with – our policies are very strict about how we give credit and how we collect credit. So we are somewhat – I wouldn’t say disadvantage but we’re just more compliant if you will, and again, what we’ve learned is that sometimes driving the role of $14 billion, $15 billion is not vintage [ph] because you’re giving away huge commissions and huge amounts of credit extension. So we have made a constant decision to take customers that we feel we can collect from, we can extend to get that margin from, a fair margin. And this is a highly constituent segment, if we took, we can grow a rolling business anytime we want, it means giving away a lot more credit, a lot of things we think are not a good long-term decision. We’re very pleased if we end up with $50 billion annualized roll, that’s acceptable to us, and the whole percentage – I mean, we spend it all last year when we were suffering with inadequate hold, we told you we’d come back, it’s just mathematics, the chips don’t know who is playing and frankly, the people who won last year are losing this year. It’s a very simple mathematical equation, so we’ve had a very strong hold and we’re gratified by it but in the end of the day, the math always prevails and we always fall to 2.85 [ph] and beyond, there is nothing structurally wrong. What’s more pleasing to watch is our growth and our mass business over there are non-rolling slot ETG business is accelerating, we’re 4.07 a day, 63 point margins, so we can get Macau Singapore to be a 1.5, 1.6, 1.7 store [ph], we’ll accept that.
Sheldon Adelson: Carlo, this is Sheldon. What I want to say is that, if we had zero rolling, $1 and rolling, and a $1 billion in profit, on a quarter I think I’d take the profit, I’d take the EBITDA rather than the rolling. I’m shocked, I can’t put the rolling in the bank, I was going to only put the EBITDA in the bank.
Carlo Santarelli – Deutsche Bank: Understood.
Robert Goldstein: Carlo, we came back to Sheldon and Mike, we’re very clear it’s our last meeting over there and said, look, we’re going to sacrifice some roll but we’re going to get you a better margin and long-term better business and that’s what we’re doing in Singapore. We’re very gratified, we like to roll $15 billion, hold 5% but we’re going to take what we can get and so this quarter we’re very accepting of a very flat quarter.
Carlo Santarelli – Deutsche Bank: Thanks, everyone.
Sheldon Adelson: You’re welcome.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks, Carlo.
Operator: The next question is from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays: Hi, thanks and good afternoon. Sheldon, on the buyback, given the magnitude of the buybacks in the first quarter and then what you repurchased in April, the $175 million, I always thought that the buyback level would have been higher in the quarter, especially given where the stock was so. I’m just wondering was there anything legal or structural or anything in the quarter that prohibited you from buying more shares.
Sheldon Adelson: Nothing, just the way it went.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays: Okay. So – and then you –
Sheldon Adelson: There was no other consideration whatsoever.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays: Okay. And then obviously you said that you think you’ll get the further authorization which a lot of folks have been asking us about, so that’s a positive there. And then Rob, you recently opened the new premium mass area, Sands Cotai Central, Dragon’s Palace, I’m just wondering can you give us an update on the ramp of that area and when do you expect to see that running at a full run rate?
Robert Goldstein: It opened up you know, and successfully it’s not running the level we want to run at but the ramp is continuing. I think you’ll see it this fall, we wait –we believe it would take about three months to get there. Very confident of its performance, a slower start we anticipated, great candidly opened up in a wrong time in terms of these seasonality, opened up into the World Cup, opened up lot of things but we’re meeting – we’ll be there this weekend, have a look at it, the team there is high confident of its growth, and although we had a disappointing quarter from my perspective in terms of growth in general, and as Sands Cotai Central, those rooms sitting above it will start to get very, very busy this summer and so will the Dragon’s Palace. We’re completely confident of its performance.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays: Okay, great, helpful. Thank you.
Robert Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Robin Farley with UBS Securities.
Robin Farley – UBS Securities: Great, thanks. On the mass market things in Macau, I know you’ve talked about…
Sheldon Adelson: Could you speak up a little bit please.
Robin Farley – UBS Securities: Sure. On the mass market side of things in Macau, I know you’ve talked about hold, and mix, and the World Cup, but you haven’t talked that much about the competitive environment. Can you talk about what other operators are doing in the math market particularly as VIP has declined and kind of changed the competitive environment and maybe others focusing more on math? Hopefully you could hear that okay?
Sheldon Adelson: I’ll give you my overlook. They can’t focus on that because they don’t have enough tables. They don’t have a fraction, small fraction of the number of tables that we do, and the mass requires a lot of tables. So there is nobody who has got that number of tables or we have anything close to it. You could say that SGM has a lot of tables but they’ve got 20 sub-licensed casinos and a whole bunch of maybe 50 or so VIP rooms, if they still have, I’m not sure. But how can they do this. In other, they have the number of hotel rooms, they have the much seen properties, and they have the number of tables, number of hotel rooms, number of tables, they just don’t have. So it’s not as though our competitor could say, SCL is doing very well with the mass market, lets compete with them, we’ll go into the rest market. It’s like shell the needles [ph] 5.7 say, hey basketball is a great game, I’d like to get into it.
Robin Farley – UBS Securities: Okay, great. My follow-up question is on Singapore and let me just preface it with – I totally understand about hold affects your volumes, so that’s not the question.
Sheldon Adelson: I have my basketball but I don’t have the way, and it’s – our competitors may have the will but they don’t have the way.
Robin Farley – UBS Securities: Okay. So just shifting to Singapore for my follow-up question. I understand how hold affects your volume, so that’s not the question, the question is you mentioned that you felt that Singapore is not seeing the same slow down in VIP that you’re seeing in Macau, so first I guess, how do you know – what do you see next year comfortable if that’s the case, that it once just to hold the issue in the quarter?
Sheldon Adelson: If it’s uncertainty that the Chinese people are concerned about, they want to lie low to things recycle, I think they would lie – it’s clear they would lie low and we have the Chinese Government could see that if they were looking for them. And that the Chinese Government can go – they are not in Singapore, it’s not Chinese soil, so they can go to Australia, they can go to Singapore, they can go to Philippines, they come to Vegas, but they are most popular places. Since we offer more to the high rollers like much higher gaming bets, we offer credit of large amounts to big players, we get bet in Singapore and we’re starting to get some of that here in Vegas.
Robert Goldstein: Robin we’re back for second, that Macau is one of the – you’re comment, we’re just – you’re question is, Sheldon talked about – first of all, we’re dealing some of the most focused, intelligent, seasoned operators in the world, our competition there is very, very good, and we work very competitively but we – you just have to do what they do every day. However, to Sheldon’s point they are disadvantaged physically in terms of capacity and the market gets back this summer and this fall, that will be – from the overcome despite their intellect. The second piece is, I have not seen margin erosion at all in the – as the junket business becomes more challenging, I’ve not seen erosion at all in the margins in the premium mass. The aggressive behavior of the market has been there for the last couple of years, be it Nalco, Win, MGM, Galaxy, in terms of those margins, I have not seen erosion at all, in fact if anything I think it’s been maintained but that focus will get intense in the premium mass and we expect it. In the Singapore issue, we commented we’re not seeing necessarily a slowdown but we’re seeing a – we’re thinking differently about how to incent, how to give credit to the foreign customer coming into Singapore, I’m not sure it’s market driven much as our own initiatives that may have impacted our decline in the rolling segment in the first quarter.
Robin Farley – UBS Securities: Okay, that’s great, thanks. And just the last question is on the preason [ph]. Is there any change at all by a month or two or that is going full speed ahead exactly at the pace that you want it?
Michael Alan Leven: Robin, this is Mike. The construction at the moment has stopped depending when we see certain approvals from Macau Government that we hope to obtain shortly. We’re positioning ourselves right now to be able to resume full activity once those necessarily approvals are received. And we have no plans to change the anticipated opening at the end of 15th at this point.
Robin Farley – UBS Securities: Thank you.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks, Robin.
Operator: The next question is from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen – Morgan Stanley: Hi guys. As we think out throughout the year, there are a couple of [indiscernible] in market, you have the smoking ban going in October. Can you talk about how you expect to deal with that, I don’t know just on same in Four Seasons, haven’t heard any update there. So can you talk about how those are coming along and how do you think those could better up in the year? Thank you.
Sheldon Adelson: I got distracted. The smoking – well, we’re building smoking rooms that we’re going to drop down in the middle of the vast gaming floor. And the rules are still being clarified as to how much of the gaming floor is VIPed, and what is the VIP – what’s the definition of VIP. It appears as though premium mass if it’s in a separate room and it’s enclosed, it will be considered VIP. So that’s where we stand out. We have a much greater premium mass business than our competitors. So with the combination of VIP rooms are going to be allowed to be smoking and as a matter of fact the ramping up of the Dragon Palace is – that was the subject of question few questions ago. We’re waiting for the arcades [ph] to smoke in there, and we have an open entrance to that property and we put a strong sense of urgency on the design and construction of an enclosure to make it a fully enclosed room, essentially fully enclosed. So, you know – I don’t know, I haven’t smoked since I was a teenager and that’s at least 10-12 years ago. And so – I don’t know about how people are smoking but I could tell you that the press is saying that they don’t expect, and you guys, you analysts know this better than I do, that people are not expecting more than 2% or 3% impact on the smoking issues. I don’t know if that’s true or not, I hope that that’s all that is, I thought that we might be able to deal with these cigarettes but I understand these cigarettes have been outlawed in Macau, so they can’t use these cigarettes in Macau. Listen, many years ago when the no smoking ban first came in, I used to be a frequent visitor to the Peninsula Hotel in Los Angeles, and I loved smoking the cigar bar because I was then a cigar smoker. And I said to myself, it will kill the cigar bar, nobody will ever go in there again, they might have to close it down and turn it into a coffee shop or something. Then next time I went, there were as many people as there were not smoking at all than they used to be with people with big fat cigars and small pen cigars. So, I don’t know – people have a tendency to roll out the punches and they evolve with the rules – with the governmental rules on the smoking issue, and listen it’s good that they don’t smoke. So – but we don’t know, your guess is as good as us, at least it’s as good as mine, there could be other people in my company who – after all we have 50,000 employees, it could be a lot of people that think differently than I do and they may agree with you but I’d be honest enough to say I’m not that smart and I don’t know. But I’m not giving up being smart on other things. I’m not saying doing that.
Robert Goldstein: I think there was a second part of that question regarding saying we just…
Thomas Allen – Morgan Stanley: Sorry, I’m on a train. So the second part of the question was, can you give us an update on the same in the Four Seasons. And then might – that’s it, thanks [ph].
Robert Goldstein: [Indiscernible]. There are no delays at the present time. Openings are always subject to government approvals but if we – if they maintain that construction schedule at this point, you should be able to open that building in next summer’s period. Four Seasons, we’ve completed 40 of the apartments and we are now waiting inspections in terms of being able to put those in the market, as the product will tell the situations that licensing process is with the government as we speak. And one last thing on the smoking, I had the capital committee of SCL, as well as LVS approve yesterday of $33 million of expenditure to put the no smoking facilities in which was suppose to be due by October 6 – the smoking facilities by October 6, and that construction will begin as we speak. So we should be ready. Some of the hotels – the older hotels have significant disadvantages in doing that, we are in pretty good shape for that.
Sheldon Adelson: You better speak fast or we’ll have them faster.
Robert Goldstein: Okay, I hope that answers your question.
Thomas Allen – Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: Hi, good afternoon. A couple of questions. One, Singapore, you’re now running and have been running a very, very high occupancies for a while, you’ve talked in the past about building something there or trying to build something, could you give us an update on that. And then second, just on the real estate side, at different points you’ve talked about selling the malls and getting some asset value at Macau. Can you just talk about if there are any limitations on your ability to do that and how we should think about it?
Sheldon Adelson: We have to – although they did say in the past that it will be okay for us to have stranded title [ph] on the malls and that there was no objection to that. We still are growing at a very healthy rate and as I said in my prepared remarks that the mall at the Four Seasons, the shops at the Four Seasons is the highest sales per square foot of any mall in the world, $7,000 a square foot, for the first level and the second level, I think the average for the entire mall, first, second, third or mezzanine level is $5,500 per square foot, and the next highest for the best of my knowledge, that I have been told is the Bell Harbor shops in Bell Harbor in Florida, Miami at $3,500 a foot. So we’re very proud of that and it continues to grow significantly. I don’t know why – we don’t need the money, and I got to wait until we finish apprehension and if we are able to build the tropical garden mall across and next to the second Sheldon Tower on the border of lot six and lot seven. I don’t know – we can either sell the existing retail properties. We have made Macau the second shopping –
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: I’m sorry to interrupt you, is there a restriction on your ability to sell them or is there – just you’re waiting for value?
Sheldon Adelson: Say again?
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: I said is there a restriction on your ability to sell or is it that you’re simply waiting for greater value, if I have heard both sides?
Sheldon Adelson: It’s not just waiting for good – no, there is no restrictions in Macau. There is a restructuring –
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: You can sell the malls?
Sheldon Adelson: We can sell the malls.
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Sheldon Adelson: If we don’t sell condominium title, we could sell the cash flows from the malls just like we sell stock in the company. There are no restrictions. And –
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then building a hotel room in Singapore?
Sheldon Adelson: It happens all the time to every husband in the world.
Robert Goldstein: Do you have something else to follow-up?
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: Sir, my question was in the original question which was, did you build a hotel in Singapore – or the idea at different points of building something in Singapore?
Sheldon Adelson: Right, we’d love to build another extension of our hotel. We’re running at 99.4% occupancy. And it’s probably the most occupied and greatest income per earning [ph] hotel in the world and with a 2,563 keys. But there is some land adjacent to it but we haven’t got any approvals from the Singapore Government yet. We are in very, very dire need of more hotel rooms and we’ve got that demand, we could sell it out handedly.
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great, thank you.
Robert Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: This will be the last question as we have reached the end of the allotted time for Q&A. The last question is from Eric Curtis with Nomura [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Good afternoon. Two quick questions.
Sheldon Adelson: Hi.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi Sheldon, can you give us an update on your CFO search and what are the features that you’re looking for in the individual you want to put in that chair?
Sheldon Adelson: We have the capability of the CFO in-house and we’re extremely pleased with it. We have both Corporate Finance and Accounting, and I – it’s simply just allocating the title which we haven’t gotten to because we’re happy with the functions.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So you’re not going to bring anyone in from the – externally then?
Sheldon Adelson: There is no need to bring somebody in externally.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then the second goes back to the VIPP’s of it, and recognizing it’s not an enormous part of your business but to the extent that Beijing has increased the scrutiny on VIP players or VIP players just are feeling indirectly. Do you have any sense of what’s behind that and how long it might last?
Sheldon Adelson: This has happened several times in last several years. I remember at least three, four other times. And it doesn’t last more than a few months, three or four months. When the press starts to reduce their print about the crackdown on corruption in the PLC then it seems to go away. That seems to create a sense of uncertainty and I have looked into this at late, and that the Chinese people say that if once the government starts enquiring about things, it creates a sense of uncertainty. As much as the Chinese Government, it doesn’t want social instability, they – the population of the country doesn’t want uncertainty, they don’t know what’s going to happen. So it doesn’t necessarily mean that people are targeting them or targeting their category – it just means there is some uncertainty, and they don’t like uncertainty.
Unidentified Analyst: But as a quick follow-up, doesn’t this new administration strike you as being a bit more hawkish on the issue than the prior one?
Sheldon Adelson: I don’t know, I try as hard as I can not to get involved in foreign governments political affairs, and what their choices are. It’s not my business and I don’t want to be involved there.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Sheldon Adelson: Thank you, Harry [ph].
Operator: That was our final question. And this concludes the Las Vegas Sands Corporation second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Briggs - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Sheldon Adelson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert Goldstein - President, Global Gaming Operations Michael Alan Leven - President and Chief Operating Officer Ian Feldman - Director, Finance and Investor Relations
Analysts: Joe Greff - JPMorgan Shaun Kelley - Bank of America John Oh - CLSA Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Tracy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corp First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Mr. Daniel Briggs, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Daniel Briggs - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you very much. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today’s conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of federal securities laws. The Company’s actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today’s press release under the caption Forward-looking Statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition we may discuss adjusted net income and hold-normalized adjusted net income, adjusted diluted earnings per share and hold-normalized adjusted diluted earnings per share and adjusted property EBITDA and hold-normalized adjusted property EBITDA, all of which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are also included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. We also want to inform you that we (have posted) supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website for your use. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in question-and-answer session we ask that please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up so we might allow everyone with interest to participate. With that let me please introduce our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson.
Sheldon Adelson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. We could be more pleased with our record financial results which reflect continued execution of our principal strategic objectives. I would like to take you through some of the highlights of the quarter. We delivered outstanding growth in revenue, cash flow, net income and earnings per share again this quarter, with our adjusted diluted earnings per share increasing 37% to reach a record $0.97 per share. We’re also meaningfully increased the return of capital to shareholders. We produced another record quarter in Macau where adjusted property EBITDA grew 49% to reach a record US$940 million. We continue to grow faster than the Macau market in mass table games, the most important and profitable segment. Our mass table wins for the company increased (indiscernible) to reach a record US$1.34 billion. Our growth trade was 40% faster than the Macau mass market as a whole. We’ve consistently grown past within the Macau market as table games (indiscernible). The first quarter of 2014 generated approximately $867 million in mass table revenue and we grew that in each successive quarter to $930 million, $1.06 billion, $1.22 billion and finally $1.34 billion in the first quarter of 2014. Our annualized departmental profit in this segment has increased to approximately US$2.44 billion from approximately $1.46 billion over the last year. That growth has allowed us to bring nearly $900 million additional dollars annually to our departmental profit and EBITDA. We’re confident about our growth in the (indiscernible). First we intend to increase the utilization of our market leading 9,000 suites and hotel room inventory on the Cotai Strip which represents 56 of room inventory owned by gaming operators - 56% room inventory owned by gaming operators. For our most valuable mass gaming customers that hotel inventory will expand to an nearly 13,000 suites and rooms with the opening of the Parisian and the addition of the St. Regis Tower at Sands Cotai Central which are both targeted for opening in late 2015. As our database of valuable gaming customers continues to grow and the hotel suite (enrollment to survey) expands by over 36% with the St. Regis and Parisian openings, our programs to our gaming customers will allow us to further optimize our mass table productivity across our property portfolio. Second, more people in (Brazilian) Macau on our property portfolio on the Cotai Strip. During January and February of this year robust visitation trends mainly in China continued. Chinese visitation from outside Guangdong province increased 19.2% in the first two months of 2014 compared to the first two months of 2013. We believe future growth will be enhanced by governmental infrastructure investments in Macau this Special Economic Zone of Hengqin Island and throughout Eastern China. These investments will enable more people to more usefully reach Macau and will completely to Macau’s evolution as the leading business and leads the destination behinds them. Third, as visitors come from further away, they stay longer and they spend more dining, retail and entertainment. The 2.19 average length of stay for overnight visitors to Macau has increased but it is still far below Hong Kong’s average of 3.7 nights. We believe increasing length of stay in the years ahead and while also contributing to growth. Also when people travel from further away they bring larger gaming budgets. Turning to our VIP business in Macau. It is also exhibiting strong growth with our rolling win increasing 18.2% to reach a record US$1.45 billion. That represents lowering rolling win per table in excess of US$39,000 per day which was another record for the company and up 49.1% compared to the quarter one year ago. An another (price) for the quarter we were in the number one position in Macau growth gaming revenue was at 23.2% revenue share. Far more important to us of course is growth in EBITDA which expanded 45% in the quarter. The strong performances with the Venetian and Sands Cotai Central for the quarter demonstrate the positive impact of the substantially increased critical mass of our Cotai Strip. Our market leading Cotai Strip investments including over 9,000 hotel suites and rooms together with our dining, retail, entertainment, convention and exhibition offerings and elevated the overall tourism appeal of the Cotai Strip. Our property portfolio is now attracting a more valuable set of customers who are staying longer and spending more which in turn is driving growth of both presence. This increases the returns across our entire property portfolio. We couldn’t be more about the future benefits that the additional suites and hotel rooms, dining, retail and entertainment attractions of the Parisian will bring to the Venetian, Sands Cotai Central and our Cotai Strip. Now, turning to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore, I want to say the hold finally came back. We generated US$435 million of EBITDA in Marina Bay Sands during the quarter. Importantly Marina Bay Sands proven success in delivering the economic benefits of our convention based integrated resort business model are allowing it to serve as the most important reference site for merchant jurisdictions that are considering integrated resort development. We’re proud of our contribution to Singapore and look forward to future developments that leverage the convention based IR business model. Now turning to development investments in our current markets. Construction continues at the Parisian and Macau. We remain both on budget and on schedule and of course subject to timely government approvals that maybe required, we continue to target a fourth quarter 2015 opening. In addition we’re continuing construction on the St. Regis Tower, the fourth and last tower of Sands Cotai Central. We’re also targeting the fourth quarter of 2015 for the completion of that project which will add over 700 additional hotel and a private hotel units to our portfolio in the Cotai Strip. Now moving on to the pursuit of opportunities for integrated resort development in new markets and geographic areas. In Asia activity levels in Japan remain robust and we’re pursuing the potential for integrated resort development in this promising market with great enthusiasm and optimism. Korea has also shown increased activity levels and we’re looking forward to the potential development opportunities there. We created the convention based integrated resort business model, a model that benefits those markets through increased employment, business and leisure tourism and visitor spending. Combined with our track record of demonstrated results in Las Vegas, Singapore and Macau where we have broadened and strengthened the business in leisure tourism appeal of each market. We feel we’re exceptionally well positioned to compete with these development opportunities. One particular area of focus for our company is our commitment to lead the industry in appliance. We have invested meaningfully and made great efforts to create a culture of compliance throughout our organization. It is important to all our constituencies including our customers, suppliers, gaming promoter partners, regulators, lenders, investors and team members that would lead the industry in compliance. Compliance must be ingrained in the way we do business. We’re proud to lead the industry in this vital area. Finally let’s address the return of capital of shareholders. The confidence we have in the strength of our business and the reliability and predictability of our cash flows had allowed us to regularly increase the return of capital to shareholders. As we’ve said in the past as our EBITDA and free cash flow continue to grow, the cash not needed for capital expenditures and investments in new markets will be returned to shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases. Because of the long development cycle for investments in new markets there will not be a requirement for significant capital expenditures in new markets in the intermediate period. Over the last nine quarters through March 31, 2014 we have returned more than US$7.3 billion to our shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases including over $6 billion to Las Vegas Sands shareholders and nearly $1.3 billion to the known LVS shareholders of Sands China. During the first quarter of 2014 we create a recurring dividend of $406 million or $0.50 per share, an increase of 42.9% compared to the $0.35 per share we paid in the first quarter of 2013. In addition to raising the LVS recurring dividend we increased the Sands China Limited interim dividend for 2014 by 30% to HKD0.87 per share. SCL also paid a special dividend of HKD0.77 in February of 2014. We have every intention of increasing the dividends in LVS and SCL in the years ahead as our business and cash flows continue to grow. In addition to dividend growth we’ve returned US$810 million of capital to LVS shareholders during this quarter through our stock repurchase program leaving approximately $620 million remaining under our current LVS stock repurchase authorization at March 31. We expect to keep repurchasing at least $75 million of LVS stock per month. We saw the opportunity in the first quarter of this year of what we’re reporting to buy more shares so we spend a total of $810 million. We look forward to continuing to utilize this stock repurchase program to its current capital to shareholders and to enhance long-term shareholder returns. Regarding leverage we remain comfortable with a gross leverage debt to EBITDA ratio of between two times where we’re today and around three times before additional debt related to the future development of integrated resorts in new markets. We do not have specific plans to issue additional debt, we’re just thinking that there is a possibility we could go up, the three but I don’t think we go more than three. I don’t want to guarantee that but this way we’re looking at it now. We’re pleased to complete the refinancing of our Macau credit facility there in the quarter and to have extended the tenure of that debt on favorable terms through the end of the decade. We intend to maintain the strongest balance sheet in the industry which we believe provides another competitive advantage as we pursue global growth opportunities. In conclusion we’re successfully executing our business plan and I couldn’t be more confident about our future success. It’s my job together with our outstanding management team to make sure we stay disciplined and continue to execute the strategies that will both extend our industry leadership in current and new markets and generate strong growth in outstanding returns for our shareholders in the year ahead. You know my motto, yay dividends. With that, let me turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A session.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: Good afternoon everybody. Sheldon, your stock and other Macau operator stock have been highly volatile over the last two months over investor perceptions, investor concerns that the VIP player, VIP type of behavior maybe different or less robust than late weather related China macro factors or geopolitical ones? I was hoping maybe you can share with us and Rob as well your observations have laid into the VIP segment, are you seeing any change in behavior, obviously the math keeps calming and you are doing a great job and is that we are now performing in the market, but if you can talk about the VIP, which I don’t matter is less for you than others? That would be great.
Sheldon Adelson: I will give you validation about this concept for Chinese people. From the time of Confucius which was 3,000 to 4,000 years ago, I don’t really know, I never met Confucius. Nobody here is unable to suggest that Chinese and other Asian peoples don’t want to challenge look, they have been running a challenge like for 3,000 years and nothing to thick or thin, tall or short, slim or fat, nothing has stopped them and I don’t think anything will. If there is a momentary blip in the road, it’s like a speed bump in a private housing development, where people don’t want you to drive fast. So any – look at the number that we increased VIP over last year. I mean, that’s a number that’s more than what the market itself has grown. I don’t want to understand where people, I wish somebody could tell me beliefs that go on for 3,000 years of pretty hard to break. And I don’t know if anybody has tried for 3,000 years, but the fact is that’s sustained itself for such a long period. I was talking to somebody yesterday about how long with the potential for supply and demand to clash, I don’t know. And I think I am a pretty smart guy. I can’t tell you, I don’t think anybody could tell anybody with any degree of certainty where that line is going to cross. In any event, I don’t see even during the result of this last great recession that we had. The market, it didn’t lose. I think the worst that it got was even from year-to-year in one year. And then it go up again. Bob, what do you want to say?
Robert Goldstein: Joe, I think you referenced it well the geopolitical issues and macroeconomic issues in China clearly are more impactful as it relates to VIP segment. As you referenced, we are not VIP dependent as much as other people are. Our primary driver is going to be the 9,000, 1,500 non-rolling table games assuming 1,200 non-rolling table games were moving towards. And my way of thinking that’s our future. VIP will be what VIP will be. We will participate in that segment. I think we will do just fine competitively, but the real driver of our success as you can see for these numbers is our staggering advantage in the premium mass segments. That has been the driver of almost $600 million of EBITDA this quarter, up from $394 million amazing year-on-year returns in same-store sales. So we believe that is less affected by those issues. And that’s our powerhouse of our strength. So we will watch the VIP and like everybody else hope it goes the right way, but the real driver for SCL is going to be in those segments, and that’s so much in the VIP segment in the future.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: Great, thank you Rob. And my follow-up question to you all with regard to the buyback activity in one quarter, in 1Q, that was 1.2% of your market capital, that’s a sizable amount. And you talked about being more opportunistic with the share price levels here, but the $80.80 average price in the 1Q and April being well below that, have you – can you talk about how much stock you repurchased thus far in the current quarter? And that was my….
Sheldon Adelson: How much stock do we intend to purchase in the current quarter?
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: No. What you bought quarter, the April to-date?
Robert Goldstein: Joe, we are not going to act on a quarterly basis how much we are actually buying. I think what’s fair to say is that we see value on the stock. And if we saw value at an average of $80.80, we still see value in the stock and you guys will hear from us about how much we bought when we get to the next time we get together on the…
Sheldon Adelson: I don’t think anybody was expecting us to buy over $800 million in one quarter, because we said we are going to buy at least $75 million a month. It was an opportunity. And I hope we don’t get too many downtrend opportunities, but we are looking at with the future where our stock is going to go. Some and other analysts just increased our price to $97 just before we started this call and I think I haven’t done a study, but I think the majority of our 28 to 30 analysts covering the company are all advised and I think mostly outperformed and that our growth we have such confidence in the growth of the company. Again, we are referring back to the conversation I had with a good friend yesterday about like where is this line going to cross of supply and demand? I don’t think in my lifetime it’s going to cross. And the youngest guy sitting at our table is about 30 and am I correct, Ian, give or take?
Ian Feldman: 28.
Sheldon Adelson: 28, oh, well, I missed that. And it is like that. And there is just not going to be a turnaround. There has never been a turnaround in the behavioral practices of Asian people. And I don’t think that will ever be. So yes, one day supply and demand may cross, I don’t know, but even when the other five concessionaires, the three basic and the other two sub-concessionaires, of which we are one of the three sub-concessionaires. What they opened was still going to be dramatically ahead in Cotai Strip. Cotai Strip was our vision. We did it. We are going to have 12,000 rooms all under one roof. We are having – we have got a pedestrian, air-conditioned moving sidewalk pedestrian walkway going, connecting the Cotai Central and the Venetian/Plaza casino and hotel at Four Seasons Hotel. We are going to have everything under one roof. And there will be nothing like it anywhere in the world. So as Macau continues to grow, we still hold a dominant position.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: Okay, good enough. Thank you guys. Good results.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks, Joe.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America: Hey, good afternoon guys. Maybe to just stay on the buyback theme for a little bit longer, because I certainly agree, Sheldon that, that number was much higher than anyone we spoke with was expecting. Could you just help us think a little bit about just how you are trying to kind of value your stock or think about future growth potential here? I mean, I think what would be helpful is just knowing, given that there is only $600 million remaining on the authorization and the stock price is actually below where you bought back last quarter, just I mean how much more can there be, you should have a lot of firepower and a lot of room ahead of you to increase this if you want to?
Sheldon Adelson: The cash flow, the free cash flow that we will have in 2014 is significant, so significant that we could repeat our buyback program probably at another $2 billion. We have frankly – we haven’t talked about it in the serious vain. I’d like Mike to throw his $0.02 in on this issue, but whatever is good. I want to tell you that this is a very unique company. There was an article the other day that said that we were largest gaming, we were the largest market Cad company not to be in the S&P 500. Why is that, because they have a habit of not bringing in a company that is controlled by one person or family, as is the case too with LVS. That means that our interest, your interest and my interest, are aligned. I want stock buyback, I want dividend, I just joking you gave you my – repeated my motto, dividends and that’s what I want. And then is you noticed I haven’t sold any shares and to – unless one of my foundations had to sell some shares over the last five years, I haven’t sold shares for eight years. And it certainly expresses my optimism in the companies look at the quarters that I have resided that we grew from first quarter ‘13 to first quarter ‘14. What does that tell you, it tells you that our growth is consistent, it’s sustainable and we have the components that will keep it sustainable for years to come.
Michael Alan Leven: Okay, Shaun. Its Michael, Sheldon asked me the comment, I would just say we said before we continue to say that our cash flow indicates that we can distribute shareholders in both ways. That’s buying back stock and paying dividends and we continue to do that and making the decision as to how much stock, how much dividend we will make those decisions as the year goes on. They support our capital needs, but you can project as you already have – what our cash flow is and we are going use – we are using that to keep our properties where they have to be and make reimbursements. And then we paid more dividends and we buyback more stock and that combination will continue.
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America: Thanks guys. And then I guess my follow-up question would be kind of just to return to fundamentals. It’s very clear that in Macao you guys have been shifting more and more tables to the mass market segment and I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit some of the initiatives you are taking to continue to driven. Not just the number of tables higher but the yield per table higher. I think you guys have some good views on how do that, how to use the rooms and possibly what you are doing on premium asset Sands Cotai Central, so can you just talk a little bit more about that?
Robert Goldstein: Sure. As you well know, the Chinese population visitation to Macao just is under 2%. So as those infrastructure improvements continue to happen…
Sheldon Adelson: 2% of the Chinese…
Robert Goldstein: Chinese population, so as a result of that the market there keeps growing, that’s our growth engine and what that’s segment about it’s about table room capacities you well know. We can drive more customers into our hotels who are high value casino guests, EBITDA will grow, margins will follow, obviously SCC and Venetian are the targeted places because of the room capacity there. We are thrilled with $13,210 per table right now, Shaun, but we think we can get a lot stronger. We grew 181 tables year-on-year and that increased to 13.2. Our target is 15000, 16,000 per table in the future. Our target is keep converting as always you can get those kind of numbers out of our non-rolling segment. We think the key to our performance clearly is – resides in the amount of tables we have, the amount of rooms we have to put people and that say amazing competitive advantage that is deep root and structural. That’s the key of our business. I don’t think it’s that complicated to understand, coupled with significant retail and F and B offerings. We have the most desirable property in Macao and Venetian as well as this quarter for 70 I believe as we keep converting higher value customers that property keeps running. And we think the SCC although it performed well, has a long way to move as we get more the dragon palace opens up we get more rooms occupied that hotel is still not performing where it could get to 5600 rooms. The basic fundamentals are there for us to improve dramatically at SCC and Venetian it’s simply execution. We are not say we won’t be in other businesses or segments. But obviously the big driver Macao, the most unique thing about that market is the non-rolling market and that is our focus. And our belief is we can dominate that market with our room supply, our table supply, the good management team and execution.
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America: Great, thanks a lot. I appreciate guys.
Sheldon Adelson: Yes. Shaun, wait a minute this year’s bonus is predicated upon projecting how much money we are going to make per a table increased over the last quarter.
Robert Goldstein: Okay.
Sheldon Adelson: I believe in providing incentives. Besides that you can access my frozen yogurt machine.
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Oh with CLSA.
John Oh - CLSA: Hi, thank you for taking my question. Thanks for correcting that Sheldon. How are you? I only have one question today and that relates to I guess Sands China. When I look at your aggressive share buybacks at LVS how do we think about your buying back stock at Sands China. And I guess the question I really want to know is there a need you still have a listing status at Sands China do you still need to have that listed, can you take that private, is that something that you are technically considering the long run given the free cash flows?
Sheldon Adelson: I have been trying to get three enlisted in Hong Kong for a long time and we looked at it and it would have taken I don’t know what today’s price, $63, $50 I think it is, they closed today.
John Oh - CLSA: $1 million last year.
Sheldon Adelson: Yes, it’s somewhere between 15 billion and 20 billion. Frankly, given my motto, I would rather take that cash and pay it out to shareholders both in (SCL) and LVS and continue to buyback shares because our bosses are the shareholders. Now, I am very large shareholder, but I got a boss too, called Dr. Miriam Adelson. And so I go to – we all have bosses. But I consider all of our shareholders the boss. So you guys are the guys that we are reporting to. We hope – we are trying hard to satisfy you. And although I would like to buyback the – what we went public listing in ‘09 of SCL and it fold it back into where we are 100%. I think I would rather take that 15 or 20 bidding and give it out through stock buybacks and dividends.
John Oh - CLSA: Okay, thank you.
Robert Goldstein: Thanks John.
Operator: Your next question is from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank: Hi, guys, how are you. Thanks for taking my question. Rob, may be you could help here with the some Macao stuff. If I start to think about obviously your VIP rolling chip volume and obviously as you made a point, not really a focus but the mix between direct and junket. In light of some of the comments that were made a few weeks ago about but some of the junket relationships, etcetera. Do you guys feel maybe you will start to use the direct program a little bit more?
Robert Goldstein: Not necessarily, we have a good relationship with our junkets. I think you are referencing I am not sure what you are referencing. But we had a good relationship with our junket partners. We do VIP premium direct obviously as part of our business. The only thing I think you recognized Carlo than anybody is that we are just in a unique position vis-à-vis the mass markets to perform because we have the sleeping rooms and the capacity. We are not putting a back seat to the junket segment nor to the VIP direct. Now, we value those businesses and those segments and we will operate them aggressively and competitively. It’s just that the towering opportunity we see as the non- Guangdong visitation keeps evolving through the infrastructure improvements puts us in unique position, Sheldon referenced how far they come. They bring more money with gambler they stay longer its right in our power house where we want to be. So the opportunities are so unique to grow from $600 million, $700 million to $1 billion a quarter in that segment that we simply have to don’t keep more resource to that mass segment. We won’t ignore the junkets nor we be difficult partners. We are very – as long as we all have where you make money together and it works in the compliance perspective, we are happy to participate in that segment.
Carlo Santarelli – Deutsche Bank: Great.
Sheldon Adelson: Point out that everyone of our customers in Singapore and they are big playing customers are all premium direct.
Carlo Santarelli – Deutsche Bank: Sure.
Sheldon Adelson:  All of them, we don’t go through any middleman whatsoever.
Carlo Santarelli – Deutsche Bank: Great. And then if I may just one follow-up I know obviously given some of the RevPAR metrics out of Macao this is probably a strange time to ask. But have you guys done any thinking as it pertains to your mass business and using that hotel room base a little bit more for the casino customer?
Robert Goldstein: Unequivocally, our business plan, our team there is very focused on converting from cash ADR to a high value casino customer. Clearly that’s the upside that this was growing from – Venetian was a nice performing property a year ago making I think it was $350 million or so for the quarter and now its $470 million and $348 million versus $470 million, margin is about the same 39.7 versus 40. But the conversion there, the growth there hasn’t come out of necessarily junkets or slots in ETG, the driver of that property and the driver of our fundamental business is that mass conversion. And to your point, using those hotel rooms to sleep the right kind of people that gamble. I think we all know we got running room here to grow our business materially versus SCC and Venetian. I made a comment last year somebody Venetian could be a $2 billion building people thought I was kidding at. I think we realized that that’s the goal is to get $2 billion and beyond. The growth in Macau certainly has not been as strong in other segments. The growth in Macau resides in that mass segment and that’s our strength that’s who we are. And there is 9000 rooms we built years ago coupled with those 1100, 1200 gaming tables just puts us in a very unique position to grow. So obviously SCC, Venetian we think had a lot of running room to grow and perform beyond the current levels. As good as they are, they can get a whole lot better.
Sheldon Adelson: I just want to call to your attention Carlo. I want to repeat my prepared remarks. In the first quarter of 2013 we generated approximately $867 million in mass table revenue and we grew that in each successive quarters to $930 million, $1.06 billion and $1.22 billion and finally $1.34 billion. I don’t have my calculator in front of me, somebody took it. But it looks like at least it looks like a very substantial growth in just four quarters, very substantial.
Robert Goldstein: And more to go, the point is as good as that is Carlo we think there is lot more room to run. I mean.
Sheldon Adelson: It’s 54.2%.
Carlo Santarelli – Deutsche Bank: That’s great. Thank you very much guys, very helpful.
Robert Goldstein: Thank you.
Sheldon Adelson: That’s where we looked in the future, continue to grow that.
Operator: Your next question is from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley: Hi guys. So congrats on winning the market share base this past quarter. As we think about – as we think longer term as Macau type properties open and your percentage of the room footprint shrinks below the current 66% do you think you have the ability to maintain your current market share? Thanks.
Robert Goldstein: I think we – if we maintain our current market share…
Sheldon Adelson: What we do think about maintaining current…
Robert Goldstein: Referencing these new properties.
Sheldon Adelson: We are not going to make and we are going to increase it.
Robert Goldstein: We actually believe we can grow materially. I think we – with new properties coming on board and we welcome the competition, we will be one of those new properties. So our current room count will grow to 12,000 keys, far beyond anybody else on Cotai. And Cotai is the growth engine of Macau. If we continue our current performance and improve our use of rooms and our retail, we expect to grow significantly our share against the market and as good as this quarter is we think there is lot of room to grow as we keep our strategy going. And again I think the next two years we are virtually alone until sometime in ’16 in this area. So with a mass market is ours to dominate next two years I think beyond that 12,000 keys we will still be dominant player on Cotai for long time to come.
Sheldon Adelson: In terms of all the expansion we are the only one that’s adding 3,000 rooms. The others are adding less than 2,000 rooms each, so we will maintain over 50% of the overall room mark. So we are not going to lose our plus 50% room advantage. Look years I created, it was my vision I created the Cotai Strip. And now today everybody will cut of their right arm to get a piece of land in Cotai when everybody thought in the past that it wasn’t going to succeed. Well, today I have a warehouse full of right arms. There may be a few left arms in there. And from the south paws and when – so it was my vision to create the footprint that I thought was necessary and achieved critical mass, we have done that. And as everybody else is building property and under 2,000 rooms, we are building 3,000 rooms and we are looking for another one, another possibility of another 2,500 to 3,000 room property. That will provide the room nights for to bring in the patrons that are traveling longer distances. And in less than two years, hopefully less than two years, when the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau bridge opens we will be 20 minutes from the Hong Kong International Airport. That is expected to significantly grow the MICE market, meetings, incentives, conventions and exhibitions, and the FIT market and individual visitor scheme additional cities opening up those cities. So Macau will end up with another Airport besides the airport it has that services 100 carriers that service 180 cities. So we are looking at another significant major infrastructure improvement that will essentially be part of Macau.
Michael Alan Leven:  Thomas, I want to just add one thing that clarifies the numbers behind Mr. Adelson’s comments. We have a slide in our slide deck, in the appendix, its Slide 31. I made the comment about market share of EBITDA. We really do focus on that. And if you look at the last year in 2013 we are at 32% market share again EBITDA. And if you look at where we were a year ago in 2012 it was 28%. So we actually gained 4 points of share of EBITDA in the market and our growth in EBITDA over the last couple of quarters looking at the 40 at the TTM of the first quarter of ’14, we are growing at 48%. So clearly, if we are growing at 48% we would like to keep growing it. The revenue thing is not the driver. Everything Rob’s focused on is driving EBITDA per table and EBITDA per room and that’s really where we are going focus all the attention.
Robert Goldstein: And Thomas, one more thing I think we should be clear we are obviously raising those in the Macau market in general and we believe that for our competitors as well. Well capitalized comp competitors with great business strategy will be coming to Macau to Cotai and not diminish their efforts or their capabilities are huge. But I think the good news is the market is huge. Sheldon referenced the bridge, the trains, all the infrastructure improvements to grow this market. We believe there is going to be a much more important market than even it is today. So there is plenty of room for everybody to make money. The only difference is, we have a strategic initiative which is to focus on rooms and our gaming opportunities. So it’s a little different in terms of our capacity ability to, especially during peak periods sort of during Chinese New Year’s, you saw that in February. We simply dominated that during those periods. Its capacity constrained market a lot of time and that’s where our advantage – our competitive advantage kicks in there. But I think there is plenty of room for the entire group to do very, very well in next three or four years.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley: And Rob just thinking about yielding out those rooms better if your average ADR at Venetian is around $250 and average stay is two nights, how much more valuable, can you quantity at all how much more value those casino customers are?
Robert Goldstein: Sure. The range is as low as 1500 size 5000 plus a night. So you do the math, I mean the people at the Venetian and comment about success in this quarter 470 I think it must be a record quarter for the Venetian and probably for gaming property. But do your math we are still underutilizing it’s the most coveted room nights in Cotai is to sleep at Venetian. We have more people in the floor now talking to customers. That is the number one desired complementary room on Cotai. As we use that demand and convert to your reference of 250, cash ADR, the spread can be $1500 to $2000 -- $3000 a night, especially on weekends and peak periods. So to me there is hundreds of millions dollars of EBITDA that could be converted at the Venetian. In particular SCC could be a second place behind that. But the beauty of our building is we can put people who are sold out at Venetian over to SCC. But you referenced it well, it’s – the conversion is amazing and spread there could be yield hundreds of millions dollars Venetian and SEC leading properties are really infancy in terms of EBITDA creation. And the competitive advantage we have with sleeping rooms and table opportunities places to gamble at capacity constrain market especially during high peak demand periods, is where our star really shines. So yes, we see it loud and clear, that’s our charge over there and most of the time thinking about how to convert. And as you know it’s only market in the world with tables, mass tables on those important thing in the building. It’s the opposite in Las Vegas where mass tables are very challenging. So that’s our advantage. It’s strong, it’s loud and our direction, management’s direction is very clear and focused on that opportunity.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Sheldon, you gave some color in your prepared remarks on the company’s leverage. And when you talked about the debt ceiling, the level that you would go up to, you mentioned three times, that’s about half a turn lower than the 3.5 you mentioned on your last call. So I was wondering what, if anything has changed? And then also, since you do have the capacity and you have mentioned before that using leverage isn’t something you prefer to do, we still continually get asked by investors why you don’t use your balance sheet more? So, I was wondering if you could address that also.
Sheldon Adelson: You are right. I did mention 3.5, so it is nothing that made me change it to 3.0 it’s my natural aversion, my debt aversion. So it’s not significant, it just came out of 3, it could 3.5, but our earnings and our cash are so plentiful and it’s going to be number several years before we need large amounts of money. So the short to intermediate term outlook for stock repurchases and dividend increases is much more likely than the fact that we will need a significant amount of cash to build something else. We are just in the cat bird seat here. I looked as Bob was answering the question a moment ago, I’d look at $867 million to $1.34 billion. It’s over 50%. If we do that again between now and next year and we just think of where we should be. Yes, we will be sweet too and not to mention delicious. So, just you don’t see that and only is that I have been involved in this industry which is 26, 27 years.
Robert Goldstein: Never existed, Sheldon.
Sheldon Adelson: It’s never happened before, never happened. So you could in one year you go 50% when the growth rates are down in low double-digits. And that’s considered high in the current pace, in the current environment. I remember when 55% was sold low, somebody was projecting a 72% and the entire sector fell, because we were undergoing 50 some odd percent. Look where we are going over here. And it just shows that our multiple advantages with the rooms, the casino footprint, the number of games, the utilization to the rooms to house premium mass customers and on and on and all these advantages that we have just results in this incredible growth plan. And I don’t see anything as I said in my conversation with a friend yesterday, I don’t see anything that’s going to been that growth curve.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Thank you for that color. You also have recently applied for land to expand your hotel capacity in Singapore, so I was wondering what the status of that is? And then you also just mentioned that you are looking for land to build more hotel rooms in Macau, so I was wondering if you could talk about the most likely place those would go? Thanks.
Sheldon Adelson: That – okay, I will answer the last – first question first. Singapore, they don’t work as fast as other cities. They go to a lot of – they have a lot of different ministries and agencies participate in growth. I don’t see getting an approval for expansion. They are, however, they have come to us and say what can we do to help you maintain Singapore’s competitive advantage throughout the Pacific region? We just got another award yesterday, what, best hotel, best leisure hotel in Singapore. We came in ahead of our competitor, RWS. Of course, on the property like MBS, it’s had not to. So, in Macau, I had mentioned this during our last call, we are looking at the landowners the tropical guidance. I proposed a vehicle that we could share a piece of that land with our neighbor provided we got compensated for some of that land out of lot 7. And I don’t know that Macau is a lot faster than Singapore, but it’s still not a decision it is like. It’s not an entrepreneurial decision. It’s a government decision bureaucratically involved. So I don’t really know when we get that, but as soon as we get that, we will let you know.
Robert Goldstein: It was one of the best full service hotel by Asia One readers. The Marina Bay Sands was yesterday.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Congratulations. Thank you.
Sheldon Adelson: We have well over 100 awards like that. The MBS is a very extraordinary, very unique building not only physical building, but service. People love working there. We have sent expats down there. Normally, we would keep expats for two to three years to train local people, but none of them want to come home. They want to keep staying there.
Operator: Your next question is from Steven Kent from Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Hi, good afternoon. I was struck, Rob and Sheldon and team by Slide 34 and Slide 40 of your deck, which shows the improved productivity of the tables, mass versus VIP. And then when you go to Slide 40 and you see the profitability tables, just see what’s going on there, and I mean you mentioned a little bit of some of the things you are trying to do, but Rob and Mike and team, is it as simple as just moving tables here and there or what else you are doing to get the up into the ride? It’s so rare to see that in both metrics. How are you doing that is, I guess, my question and how do you continue to do it over the next couple of years?
Robert Goldstein: Steve, it’s Rob. It’s not easy as you referenced, nothing is that easy. It’s first we are recognizing opportunity and the markets uniquely playing into our favor. Very honestly, they are coming from further, the non-Guangdong visitation has accelerated significantly. That’s the big positive. That necessitates a sleeping room opportunity. We have those rooms far beyond anybody else in the market. We have the table capacity. It’s encouraging our team to sell those rooms to or comp those rooms to high value casino customers. It’s – but uniquely, you are correct, it’s the only market much different than the U.S. where mass tables are not as profitable as segment. They are the most profitable segment. And so the goal is to recognize them, acknowledge them, convert them from other properties and to encourage them become SCL customers. And so that’s the game. It’s not as simple as it sounds. We are unique in that the Venetian that’s mass visitation to the roof that is presently unique retail opportunity there, the sleeping opportunity, the retail mall, the theming of the property, it does attract huge visitation. We were slow and our neighbors were fast than us to recognize the premium mass market, but the unique thing about is we catch up very quickly. We also held one advantage that no else has. And that is the pure mass play on peak periods. We have a unique opportunity to either sell or comp rooms to people and we have a place to gamble. So if you are seeing on Cotai with only a couple of hundred game positions on the mass side, you cannot compete because you drive limits so high, you chase more than pure mass play. So it’s a lot of things in place here to make this happen. It’s not simple. Our team has done an exemplary job of recognizing converting. We have a lot of people on floor now. We are very aggressive talking to customer base. And as you know, it’s difficult because of multiple dialects etcetera, but I think you are seeing in other slide you referenced Steve that our efforts are paying off. We are converting both top and margin numbers that are extraordinary. And the thing we really believe though, as good as they are, it’s how much stronger they can get if we continue to get a higher percentage of our hotel rooms occupied by high value casino guests versus other segments.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: And just a quick follow-up, Sheldon you talked so much else about capital allocation and the opportunities, the one area you haven’t mentioned is selling assets and in the past you have talked about your thought process, in particular, on the malls. And I just wanted to know if you could give us an update on that? Obviously, they are doing very well, but the market is also doing well for selling assets. So I just wanted an update on how you are thinking about that?
Sheldon Adelson: It’s the same as it’s always been. As long as we are growing in moderate double-digits, 20% some odd. We are not selling assets, because nobody is going to pay us what we think it’s really worth. When the growth curve ends up at give or take single digits up to 10%, then we would consider seriously selling, but it’s good news and bad news. The bad news is we can’t sell it right now. The good news is the reason is we are doing so well, oh, you don’t want to sell it, because we could sell it into a 4% or better cap rate environment with significantly improved results. And by the way, I’d like to say on our EBITDA number. The beginning of the year you don’t get our increase in rental revenue occurs because of this percentage of sales. That’s standard in the industry, but you don’t have that percentage of sales until the last half of the year because the first half of the year is your basic rent. So if we have taken a $50 million additional number that might come in the last half of last quarter into this quarter, we would be pushing somewhere between $950 million and $1 billion a quarter, now because the income coming from percentage of sales isn’t going to come until the second half of the year.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Thanks Sheldon.
Michael Alan Leven: We have that laid out on Page 32 in the appendix, though. So you can see we have $57.4 million of percentage rent revenue in the fourth quarter of ‘13 versus only two, so it’s another $55 million in revenue you need to sell.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Operator: At this time, we have reached the allotted time for Q&A. Thank you for joining, ladies and gentlemen. This now concludes today’s conference call. You may disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-29 14:30:00) =====
Executives: Sheldon Gary Adelson - Chairman and CEO Michael Alan Leven - President and COO Robert G. Goldstein - President - Global Gaming Operations Daniel J. Briggs - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Joe Greff - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jon Oh - CLSA Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Cameron McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Las Vegas Sands Corp. Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Daniel J. Briggs: Thank you, Rachel. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of federal securities laws. The Company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption Forward-looking Statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income and hold-normalized adjusted net income, adjusted diluted earnings per share and hold-normalized adjusted diluted earnings per share and adjusted property EBITDA and hold-normalized adjusted property EBITDA, all of which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. We also want to inform you that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website for your use. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. Finally, for those who would like to participate in question-and-answer session, we ask that please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up so we might allow everyone with interest to participate. With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. We are extremely pleased with our strong financial results, which reflect continued execution of our strategic objectives. The highlights of the quarter from my perspective are as follows. We delivered outstanding growth in revenue, cash flow, net income and earnings per share once again this quarter. With our hold-normalized adjusted diluted earnings per share increasing 33.8% to reach $0.87 per share. We produced another record quarter in Macao where we continue to grow faster than the Macao market in mass table games, the most important and profitable segment in that market. We also realized strong growth in the VIP segments. Importantly growth was also displayed in our non-gaming hotel, retail and entertainment offerings in Macao. This enhances both the growth platform and profitability of our portfolio of properties on the Cotai Strip, while contributing to Macao’s diversification and appeal as a leading business in leisure tourism destination. The confidence we have in the strength of our business and the reliability, predictability of our cash flows have allowed us to raise a recurring annual dividend for the 2014 calendar year to $2 per share, an increase of 42.9% compared to the $40 per share recurring dividend we paid in 2013. Our Board of Directors had announced that our first quarter 2014 dividend of $0.50 per share will be paid on March 31, 2014 to holders of record on March 21, 2014. In addition to the dividends we paid in the fourth quarter of 2013, we returned nearly $225 million of capital to shareholders during the quarter through stock repurchases. Our financial results again reflect a strong performance of our principal strategic objectives that we have outlined in past earnings calls. Focusing on organic growth, hold-normalized adjusted property EBITDA across our Macau property portfolio grew 55.8% to reach a record $887.6 million. Our mass table win in Macau for the quarter increased 58.3% to reach a record $1.22 billion in a market that grew approximately 40% in the quarter, so our growth rate was nearly 47% faster than the Macau market in the most important and most profitable segment in Macau. We have grown faster than the Macau market in mass table games every quarter this year. One year ago, we generated approximately 770 million in mass table win, and we grew that in each successive quarter to 867 million, 929 million, 1.06 billion, and finally 1.22 billion in the fourth quarter of 2013. Our annualized departmental profit in this segment has increased to approximately $2.2 billion from approximately $1.4 billion over the last year. That growth has allowed us to bring in additional $800 million annually to our departmental profit and EBITDA. I guess there is no wonder that analysts and journalists are saying that we lead the market by far in mass market and in premium mass. We see this trend continuing in the future for three reasons. First, more people visiting both Macau and our property portfolio on the Cotai Strip. Visitation from China to Macau was up 10% in the year ended December 31, 2013. While Mainland visitation to Macau from outside the neighboring Guangdong and Fujian provinces was up 15%. Growth from the more distance provinces is meaningfully exceeding the visitation growth from the neighboring Guangdong and Fujian provinces. We believe the growth trend will be enhanced by infrastructure as tens of billions of dollars of adjustments in Macau, Guangdong province, and Southern China enable more people to more easily reach Macau and accelerate Macau's evolution as the leading business and leisure destination in Asia. The infrastructure investments include the world's most extensive high speed rail network, a $10 billion bridge directly connecting Macau and Zhuhai with Hong Kong, and more than $20 billion of investment in the Special Economic Zone of Hengqin Island, which is adjacent to Macau and Guangdong Province. Second, as visitors come from further away, they stay longer and they spend more money on dining, retail, and entertainment. Overnight visitors to Macau have the time to enjoy a full complement of entertainment amenities of the Cotai Strip and are spending 2.1 nights on average in Macau. While that 2.1 night length of stay for overnight visitors has increased, it is still far below Hong Kong’s average of 3.7 nights. We believe there is room for expansion in Macau's average length of stay for overnight visitors and increasing length of stay will contribute to growth. Third is, our data base of customers continues to expand. We have the ability to further optimize our mass table productivity across our property portfolio. In particular, we will continue to have the ability to increase the utilization of our market leading 9,000 plus hotel room and suite inventory on the Cotai Strip for our most valuable mass gaming customers. We are pleased that we've expanded on our mass table productivity to $12,143 of mass win per table per day across our Macau property portfolio from just $9,716 per day one year ago. We're confident that we have additional opportunities to optimize our table productivity across the portfolio in the quarters and years ahead. The VIP business is also exhibiting strong growth with our Rolling Volume increasing 26% to reach a record $49.54 billion. That represents Rolling Volume per table of approximately $1.23 million per day, which was a record for the company and was up 33.7% compared to the quarter one year ago. The Venetian Macao delivered another record quarter, and due to our market-leading investments in non-gaming offerings, continues to lead the Macau market in visitation and business and leisure tourism appeal. Our fundamental multi-tiered Integrated Resort development strategy, which features convention, exhibition, hotel, retail, and entertainment offerings, helped deliver 17.4 million visits in the quarter to our property portfolio, including over 8 million visits to the Venetian Macao alone. EBITDA at the Venetian Macao increased to a market-leading $433 million for the quarter. When you take 8 million visits per quarter and you multiply that by four, that's more than the number of individual unique visitors to Macau. When you take 17.4 million, that's the equivalent of – let's see 40, 50 – over 60 million people, I think closer to 70 million people for the year when only 30 million unique visitors arrived in Macau, which means that Venetian Macao is a must see for everybody who comes in, but of course one can conclude that we have 1 million people coming in 32 times or we have 32 million people coming in once each or likely it's something in between. So when you think about it that you capture everybody, every visitation for every unique visitor, it's an amazing statistic. Sands Cotai Central, our latest and largest property on the Cotai Strip, continues its steady ramp and delivered $237 million in EBITDA this quarter. On a hold-normalized basis, Sands Cotai Central generated 273 million in EBITDA during the quarter and is approaching 1.1 billion annualized EBITDA run rate, and that's only for the first quarter this year. By the time we get to the fourth quarter we'll be running at that point at hopefully a significantly higher run rate. Perhaps the most important takeaway from the strong performance at both the Venetian and Sands Cotai Central is the clear positive impact that the increased critical mass of convention, exhibition, dining, retail, and entertainment offerings including over 9,000 hotel rooms brings to the overall tourism appeal of the Cotai Strip. Our property portfolio was attracting customers who were staying longer, which in turn is driving growth for both properties. The Venetian and Sands Cotai Central worked together to meaningfully enhance the overall appeal of the Cotai Strip, increasing both visitation and length of stay and attracting a more valuable set of customers to Macau and the Cotai Strip. This increases the returns across our entire property portfolio. We couldn't be more enthused about the future benefits to both the Venetian and Sands Cotai Central, but the additional dining, retail, and entertaining offerings at the Parisian including 3,000 more hotel rooms and suites, we will bring to the Cotai Strip. Now turning to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. On the whole normalized basis we generated USD 372 million of EBITDA. Non-Gaming win increased to USD 4.63 million per day, I believe for the first time. In addition our hotel business reflected strong growth with ADR increasing to USD 425 and occupancy approaching 97%. We expect to drive growth in the future as we focus our marketing efforts on high value visitors in the surrounding South East Asian region. Turning to development growth in our current markets, construction continues at The Parisian Macau, our fifth property on the Cotai Strip and our sixth in Macau overall. We remain on budget and on schedule. Subject of course to timely government approvals that may be required, we continued to target a late 2015 opening of our latest Integrated Resort. In addition we have now started construction on the same regions tower the fourth and final tower of the Sands Cotai Central. We are targeting the fourth quarter of 2015 for the completion of that project which will add over 700 additional hotel and apartment units to our portfolio on the Cotai Strip.
 : Finally, let's turn to one of our favorite subjects, the return of capital to shareholders. Through December 31, 2013 we have returned more than USD 5.5 billion towards shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases over the last two years including over USD 4.8 billion to Las Vegas Sands shareholders and over USD 700 million to the non LVS shareholders of Sands China. As I mentioned before we have raised our recurring annual dividend to Las Vegas Sands to $2 per share for the 2014 calendar year, an increase of 42.9%. For Sands China Limited we have increased the interim dividend for 2014 by 30% to HKD0.87. Sands China Limited is also paying a special dividend of HKD0.77 in February. We have every intention of increasing the dividends at Las Vegas Sands and Sands China in the years ahead as our business and cash flows continue to grow. At December 31, we have over 1.4 billion remaining under our current stock repurchase authorization at Las Vegas Sands and we expect to approach us at least 75 million of stock per month. We look forward to continuing to utilize the program to return capital to shareholders and to enhance long-term shareholder returns. We're pleased to have completed the refinancing of our U.S. restricted group credit facility and to have extended the tenure of that debt on very favorable terms till the end of the decade. Looking ahead we expect to maintain the strongest balance sheet in the industry which provides another meaningful competitive advantage as we pursue global growth opportunities. That’s a tongue twister. People have asked what leverage level we would be comfortable with in the future as our cash flows grow. We would be comfortable with the gross leverage debt to EBITDA ratio of between 2.0 times and 3.5 times before additional debt related to the future development of integrated resource and new markets. Note that our leverage ratio is 2 times today, so we have the capacity to increase our leverage levels as we seek that it still stays within the range. So in summary, we are successfully executing our business model that we have outstanding operating momentum as we look to extend our leadership position in convention based integrated resource development and operation. We had a vision -- we’re the visionaries of the convention based Integrated Resort business model and the leaders in the industry. Couple that with our financial strength and our disciplined focus on operational excellence, not to mention our good looks and churn, and I could be more confident about our future success. It's my job together with our outstanding management team to make sure we stay disciplined and continue to execute our strategies that will both extend our industry leadership in current and new markets and generate strong growth and outstanding returns for our shareholders in the years ahead. Yay! dividends! With that let me turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A session.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question is from Joe Greff from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Good afternoon everybody. Most of the questions we’re getting from investors this evening relates to Singapore, and I’ll save a follow-up for something else. And I know you kind of gave us the normalized EBITDA performance in the quarter; what was the normalized for hold EBITDA margin in the 4Q at MBS?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: About 47%. It's a little north of 47%.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay. And are we taking with -- we’re seeing progress obviously in the Non-Rolling chip and the Slot Handle that the segment margins in that are probably going to be lower than where we have historically just because the cost of acquisition and promos and accounts related to the hotel rooms are impacting that?
Robert G. Goldstein: Joe, it's Rob. I think -- well, first of all, we’re seeing increased volumes in both -- all our businesses there except for the rolling chip piece. I am very pleased with the growth in the foreign visitation; I’m very pleased with the growth in the Non-Rolling Slot ETG segments, especially the premium portions. I think our margins remain low 60s in that most important segment, I feel pretty good about it. Obviously, we’re paying more for our hotel rooms because we are getting very, very high cash rates, the highest in the Singapore market where ADRs keep getting higher and higher, and so we’re paying more for those rooms. But nevertheless, I’m very pleased with our team as far as the Non-Rolling chip play spot and table. The issue there obviously this quarter is all about the whole percentage of the rolling chip piece, and that’s continued to be a disappointment, and hopefully that will level out. We’re confident that our range of 2.7 to 3 is reasonable and achievable, but fairly this quarter we missed by quite a bit.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: And then my follow-up relates to capital allocation broadly. Sheldon, do you think you’re being at 3.5 times growth leverage impedes your viability for new integrated resorts? And the reason why I asked it in that sense is that …
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Increases to what?
Joe Greff - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Does that change your ability in your view to compete, i.e. having a phenomenal balance sheet when it comes to the competitive level for new IRs in Japan or South Korea?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Joe, I am glad you brought that up, because I forgot to add an addendum to my prepared remarks. We probably have somewhere between $12 billion and $14 billion worth of monetizable retail mall sales potential. We could wipe up every dollar that we owe, and more if we just monetize our increasingly valuable real estate. We were just talking this morning about the average sales per square foot on the very hot, through the roof, square foot sales in U.S. dollars on the first level of the shops at Four Seasons, and the lower amount on the second level which is increasing now with close to an average of 10,000 visitors going across our pedestrian, air condition, moving sidewalk, pedestrian bridge between Sands Cotai Central and Venetian. The average for the two levels I think is $4,600 a square foot, the highest mall in the United States is the Forum Shops across the street followed in second place by the Grand Canal Shoppes here at the Venetian. The Forum Shops is only about $1,200, $1,300 or $1,400 a square foot. Our worst mall is doing better than that. So we've got plenty of cash, we could be highly competitive to doing two, three, or maybe even four properties in emerging markets, and I pray that we will have two, three, or four merchant market possibilities. So, I have to tell you we are pumping money out of here. Yesterday, we were talking about our balance sheet, and the financial department said how much cash we had on hand, and Mike Leven and I looked at each other and say, do you realize – these are unspoken words that we come from the slums in Boston, both of us or the best you can say about them were tenements. That's the best you can say about where we came from. So we looked at each other and I said, look at the billions of dollars we got sitting there. Could you ever imagine – it was unspoken. We looked at each other and our looks said all the words. Can you imagine when we grew up in Dorchester, Roxbury, Mattapan section of Boston that we would have billions of dollars sitting in the bank wondering what we're going to do with it?
Joe Greff - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Just a follow-up to the comment about monetizing the retail real estate assets; so are you commencing a process now or is it more of theoretical at this point?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: So, we are commencing the process for – approaching final approval from Macau SAR. So if and when we decided that it was time to monetize them, all we have to do is pull the trigger.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Got it. Thank you very much.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question is from Jon Oh with CLSA. Your line is open.
Jon Oh - CLSA: Thank you.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Hi, Jon.
Jon Oh - CLSA: Sheldon, if I could start with maybe looking out in Cotai. We expect several new properties opening in 2015 and in 2016 including your Parisian. What do you think will happen to your existing Cotai properties over this period? And I guess – I'm trying to see how do you plan to stay competitive or do you think that the additional supply can be easily absorbed by the market?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Your last statement is right on the mark. You hit the nail right on the head. The market is growing. As we talked about earlier, the infrastructure improvements in Southern China are so overwhelming. In 2016, there is going to be a second airport in Macau, and there actually won't be a second airport in Macau, but it will be shorter to get to Macau from the Hong Kong International Airport servicing 180 cities with 100 scheduled carriers. It will be shorter to get to Macau in 20 minutes from there than it will be to drive to Hong Kong Island for 45 minutes. So, the infrastructure and the demand, Jon you know as well as anybody and you're probably one of the most with all the other analysts on the phone the foremost analysts and knowledgeable in this field. You know that this is a supply driven industry. Let's not forget that. The more properties go up, the faster we grow. I – my vision when I looked at the bay and the swamp that is today Cotai, I said that what we'll work here is critical mass, and I don't care I said at the time whether the critical mass is ours which I much prefer or the critical mass comes from ours and others. That critical mass is going to make the Cotai Strip Asia's Las Vegas. And the rising tide carries all boats. When the Venetian alone is getting almost 10% more visitation than the number of unique visitors that arrive in Macau, I don't understand how other people can compete with us. When we get 2.5 visitations from each individual unique visitor to Macau, I don't see how anybody can compete with us. Between now and the time it is open, there will be three properties open in 2015; Galaxy, Macau Studio City, and the Parisian. We may open before at least one of them. I'm happy to say that we are very pleased with our budget and our schedule. I can't give you the details because things can change. But right now I'm quite happy with the progress. So, we have the largest footprint meaning we have more square footage of casino space than any of the other competitors, maybe more than one – more than one or two which we have. Secondly, we have more gaming tables than everybody else because we ended up building more non-gaming, and therefore the attraction to bring in more people. So we ended up with more tables. When they put the cap on, we were leading the table count. Number three, as I repeated in my prepared remarks, we are the leader in the mass market and we are growing. You see the growth from 9,000 to 12,000 – just over 12,000 in just 12 months. We're the leader in the mass market and although (indiscernible) is doing quite well in the premium mass, we are rapidly catching up and we hope to and expect to surpass them. And we have 9,000 rooms. We're building about 700 more plus 3,000 and we're in the process of putting through the implementation of the permission that we have to sell the Four Seasons apartments on a co-op basis. That will put another 300 units. We had the foresight and the vision to build because the whole vision for Cotai was ours, mine. We had the foresight and the courage to build the number of rooms and the amenities that we did without getting paid for that.
Jon Oh - CLSA: Okay. If I can follow up with just another question. On your prepared remarks, you said that you're expecting substantially higher EBITDA for Cotai Central this year. You guys have done a good job ramping up Cotai Central to over $1 billion in EBITDA in a very short period of time. Could you give us a sense of how much more headroom do you think you can expect? And is the improvement largely going to come from mass or is it going to come from VIP? Thank you.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I'll give that to Rob. He hasn't spoken so much today.
Robert G. Goldstein: Hi, Jon. How are you doing? SCC, you're right, has ramped to $1 billion we think is lot more running room for a lot of reasons. The best here would be – room is the biggest driver of mass gaming and as well VIP gaming in Macau, $5,700 at Sands Cotai Central. We also put our Dragon Master room later this year probably in the spring. I think we're in the infancy of Cotai Central. A lot of people are questioning its viability. Now it's running $1 billion plus. Our next goal is $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion. Everything is viable to grow there. The only thing inhibiting that property is that – our biggest win per unit per day in the mass side has doubled from $6,600 per table to $13,900 [ph] Q4 '13, so that's a wonderful ramp. Can it get to ’15, ’16 table we believe it can. We believe Dragon Master can drive the premium mass and also competes in the junket segment. I walked through the new retail space on the third floor last week and I think that property just has lot more room to grow. Everyone is excited about $1 billion threshold, but that’s just the beginning. So we’re very excited about all the segmentation just like the Venetian, it's got room, Dragon Master, Premium Mass, Pure Mass, Junket Play. So SCC has a wonderfully bright future, lots of growth there.
Jon Oh - CLSA: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Good afternoon guys. I wanted to start by going back to your comment, in the prepared remarks about the 3.5 -- going up to 3.5 times gross leverage. That number was little higher than actually we were expecting and I was just wondering do you guys think there is an optimal time to begin kind of thinking about this given where we stand with kind of record low interest rates and still -- and possibly forecast for those rates to start to move higher?. Just any thoughts on that will be helpful.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Well, that outside number is thinking about the possibility of getting some money and doing something with it. Right now we don’t have any demand for large amounts of money. So the billions of dollars of EBITDA are throwing up billions of dollars of free cash flow with nothing to do with it. And when I joke around and say Yay dividends, I think that’s what I and every other shareholder wants to hear, Yay dividends, Yay stock buyback. What are we doing with the money? We’re in a position that I -- I’m basically a debt averse person. And I never wanted, I had bad experiences when I was a kid, well I’m still a kid, but I’m a little older on the calendar. But I don’t want to be in a position where I owe money. I had to take billion dollars out of my pocket in ’08 and ’09 because we owed money. So I don’t want to be put in a position that I’m just going to speculate and all money with no immediate liquidatable obligations or if anything – if we have money to borrow to do something with. If we can’t do with development, if we got an okay to go into Japan for instance tomorrow morning, we’re not going to need billions in money until two or three years from now. So we got plenty of time to build up the money and I’ve concluded that each and every integrated resort will have its own standalone financing and it's not going to refinance with equity from our other income producing properties. We went through that with our previous management. We are not going to go through that again. So we are not at 3.5, we’re far from it. And other -- I’m not even sure we want to get up to 3.5, but we want to be honest and clear with you and tell you there is a possibility we could go there. But for those of you who know me personally, you know I’m debt averse and that I’m not going to take any money that I can't quickly repay. I’ve had enough lessons in my life, about making sure that I have enough cash flow to take care of my obligations.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That’s really helpful, Sheldon and really appreciate the candor. You brought up Japan in that discussion as well, so maybe switching to that topic, if you could just give us a little bit of an update about where you see Japan in kind of in the timeline in the phase right now and very specifically, is it your thought right now that partnerships are going to be required for -- to enter into Japan or just how do you think about partnering with someone else for that project?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I just came back a few days ago from Japan, same people there. So I will let him answer that question.
Michael Alan Leven: Thanks, Sheldon. Shaun, its Mike. I just came back from Japan. I was there a week or so ago. The process in Japan which has been made public is that of course the first legislation passed. The second legislation should be passed in June, which forms the committee to set up the regulations and the locations as well as the information for bidding for whatever size is selected. Today in Japan, everybody that we spoken to believes that second piece of legislation is going to pass and we’re preparing -- we’re ramping up people there, we’re opening an office there, we’re doing all the work in order to do that. To talk about partnerships was in most of the conversations in Japan, the level of partnerships was not. There is interest from some major Japanese conglomerates, major Japanese companies to participate, but until we -- they really know the licensing situations and the investment realities; we don’t know for sure whether that will take place. We have made comments to [technical difficulty] talking to that we’re not a closed door on some of those partnerships and we’ve been advised by certain members in the Japanese community to keep the door open and keep the mind open in that situation. So we don’t know exactly what’s going to happen, but it's likely that there could be partnerships involved.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I would like to ask something about that. You know not one of the companies in Asia, in Japan have had operating experience. I think universal, a former (indiscernible) had a position on the Win Board, but none of these guys have an infrastructure to operate or to operate integrated resort/casinos?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: We went through this fervor for partners during the Macao, the Singapore tendering period and everybody fought whenever they can to line up the best of partners they thought could be made available. Now the partners will say they like to be partners, they think all I have to do is put up some money with you and their partner. They don’t understand how this industry is regulating. When they have to set put up a stack of application papers with personal histories of every member, their Board of Directors, of everyone of their subsidiaries. I think their appetite to be partners, that is to satisfy the other jurisdictions in which companies like ours are licensed. They may have to prove that they’re worthy in Singapore and in Nevada and when they look at the papers they’re going to have to file, I think they’re going to do an about face and march in the other direction.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great, thanks. Thank you everyone.
Michael Alan Leven: Another thing I want to add Shaun in that situation, in the meetings in Japan we’re in a very favorite position, essentially about 22% of our non-gaming business in Singapore Marina Bay Sands has Japanese components to it, the visitors or meetings or conventions. We are very well known there and Marina Bay Sands is often talked as the model for what the integrated resort facility in Tokyo or Osaka would be like. So we’re in a very leadership position as far as having the opportunity.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Thank you, Mike. That’s actually really helpful.
Operator: Your next question is from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Your line is open.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Hi, good afternoon. Rob you touched on this a bit before, but I wanted to get more granular, the mass win per table per day obviously continues to impress and you have surpassed the prior goal that you set to 12,000 win per table per day goal. And I see you shifted the chart a little bit in the presentation. So just wondering what’s the next benchmark there, what’s your timing to get there? And if you could just walk us through some efforts you’re making at the properties other than Sands Cotai Central to get to your next benchmark?
Robert G. Goldstein: So in the whole portfolio Felicia, which you’re talking about?
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes.
Robert G. Goldstein: Well obviously results have been excellent -- if our table game optimization in Macao, we’re really pleased with that. We dropped our rolling tables from 125 in Q2 of ’13 to about 402 currently. Yet we’ve increased our role, so we’re maximizing the role on the VIP side. We are very pleased about that. We are getting more utilization of the game, so obviously it's great. But the real story, as you know, resides in the mass side and I think the real story there is we've got about 1,100 tables. As you noted, we've exceeded our – our stated goal is 12,000 per day. The question now is how much far can we get and I think the real answer is right in the thoughts that we have about 9,000 keys on Cotai in addition to the infrastructural improvements in addition to the fact that our focus on that business is both and all throughout the mass portfolio. Not just the premium mass, the super premium on the pure mass, mass, I think there is where our advantage is well placed. No one else can compete on the pure mass side, so about 300 games right now. We're doing about 8,000 to 9,000 a day. As we grow that segment for all the premium mass and Dragon mass from 5 and 6, I don't know if we get to 13,000, 14,000, 15,000, 16,000, I believe we can. People were skeptical. We said we can grow from – we doubled Sands Cotai from 6 to 13. Venetian is a juggernaut, probably the most successful that's in the world today, 500 plus mass table games in excess of 12,000. Can we ramp the entire portfolio 14,000, 15,000, I believe we will. I can't say a timeframe, I can't say it is next two quarters, I can't say it's '14 or '15 but there's no reason to believe as we penetrate beyond Guangdong, as sleeping has become the biggest driver of gaming, we have that unique advantage with all those sleeping rooms. And as the infrastructure improvements, the cultural propensity to gamble, it all works in our favor. Our team there – Chris and I were there last week, the focus is completely on this segment and all three tiers of segments. So we're in the belief we can grow it. I don't want to put a timetable to mind. We brought 12,000. It was a pretty aggressive goal. It turns out we passed that. Next stop 13,000, 14,000, 15,000. Couldn't be more pleased with our progress, couldn't be more pleased with our ability to grow our Rolling win as well as our mass and we also believe there's one more hidden advantage, that is our real estate in both SCC and Venetian enables us to put more ETGs on the floor to talk to that table customer. We can't say the limits we're posting now. So we're in a very, very favored position. We feel very confident there's big growth ahead for us.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Thanks, Rob. That's really helpful. And just as a follow-on, Rob, do you foresee the opening of the new resort on Venation having any kind of benefit in Macau this year?
Robert G. Goldstein: I do. I believe Venation is an extraordinary positive for us in Cotai. It affords more sleeping opportunities, more visitations. It's a one-off development for all Cotai. But again with our 1,500 gaming tables we're more advantaged. So all casinos are not equal. Those with more retail, more sleeping rooms, more gaming positions are more equal and we are more equal at Venation and SCC. So as the market brings more customers that benefits us dramatically. So I think it's widely positive for us, yes.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. Thank you for the color.
Operator: Next question is from Steve Wieczynski with Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: Good afternoon, guys. So, Rob, you talked about – it was Singapore with that VIP market being pretty tough at this point. I'm trying to go out and identify more of those customers inside that region. Can you dive into that a little bit more? And then maybe what kind of conversations have you had with the government in terms of eventually allowing that junket structure to come into play there?
Robert G. Goldstein: Well, the junket structure, Steve, is not on the table. Let's be clear about that. We've not had conversations. We wait and listen to the government's advices and frankly that's not in discussion at all. So we breakout the Rolling versus non-Rolling, let's be real clear, we are really pleased where our non-Rolling business is going. We ramped to 4.6 again, came back in that dramatic low [ph] about six quarters ago. Couldn't be more pleased with what our team has done over there just developing the Jakarta based, Malaysian based, Japan based customer. We're seeing a real growth there on the premium side both slot and table. We're not seeing as much pure mass play. That play is disappearing frankly both Singapore and both us and RWS saw that low as a result of the government's approach. Going back to the premium side, look, we're very disappointed we can't seem to "play lucky" for the last year and half or so. We have total confidence with the best people on the ground looking at it and we will return to a 2.7, 3.0 range. However, I must caution you I don't believe there is going to be significant loan growth in Singapore in the foreseeable future. It's going to remain a pretty much flat market in my opinion. It's Mainland Chinese driven. We were maintaining our 60 billion or so year roll. We want to hope we get our (indiscernible) back to a good place. We want to focus on margins to grow a better yield, but really the growth is going to be in non-Rolling segments for us. The new opportunity to make money in Singapore resides in the non-Singaporean based premium, custom both slot and table.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thanks. And the second question, I know it's not an overly important market for you guys, but with Vegas your numbers there were pretty strong and what's your outlook into 2014 just in terms of that group and convention business?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Our 2014 convention business is in very good shape, actually for Vegas. The convention business is really the best market we have at the moment. Rates are moving up a little bit in the convention area which is good. So I think you can expect a good convention here, probably one of the best here in Vegas.
Steven Wieczynski - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank: Hi, guys. Good afternoon. Just really quickly on the Venetian and on margins there, it seems like this is the second quarter where commissions were a little bit higher on the VIP side than I would have anticipated and that obviously weighed on the margin a little bit despite clearly the higher margin mass ramping nicely at that property and across the portfolio. Could you guys shed a little bit of light on maybe what's going on, on the VIP side and the commission numbers specifically?
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes, I must say Carlo, to be honest with you any time you start to run for the $2 billion run rate, I'll take a lesser margin. We're now ramping that place. It's headed for 500 million a quarter, so we delivered it. We're really pleased with the numbers and I think to your point, the mass table is only the driver there. I'll say that the mix of business to Venetian both premium – we were mixing premium direct as well as VIP piece and the mix sometimes ends up affecting margins as the commission is paid. As you know, we had a structure there. It is both win based and volume based. So it's purely in the mix. There's nothing I'll sync [ph] with it. We made a lot of money in both the junket side this quarter as well as VIP premium direct. We feel very comfortable we're heading there, but again we can't – at the Venetian you can't argue those results. It might be the first property in history to post $2 billion of EBITDA. So the mix made from quarter-to-quarter vastly and may affect our margins vis-à-vis the growing segment. But I think in the idea that the margin at Venetian was up 37%, 38%, I feel pretty good about that.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank: Great, Rob, that's helpful. And then if you don't mind just following up and that you mentioned a little bit of the premium mass and if we were to think about that in the old adage that you guys have talked about – obviously the power of that mass revenue dollar relative to VIP, as we layer in more of that premium mass business, should we be thinking about that relationship of mass revenue relative to VIP to EBITDA dollars any differently?
Robert G. Goldstein: You're talking Venetian now, right?
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank: Across the Macau portfolio also.
Robert G. Goldstein: Okay. No, I think we believe we're going to trade in the 45%, 46% margin across the portfolio on the non-Rolling segment. Clearly we have this ridiculous advantage of having lots of pure mass games run as much as 50 point margin on them but the blend will be in the mid 40s, probably higher than most. To your point we'll trade lower through the mass but still are seeing that reside in the 41%, 42%, 43%. The beauty of our portfolio is we're not super premium mass or premium mass dependent. We have lots of pure mass and that's where the margin will keep kicking up. So I believe we can grow our yield to hopefully, as a reference earlier to Felicia $14,000, $15,000, $16,000 a day blended and maintain a 44%, 45%, 46%. The Venetian story I think what's happened there, what has happened so favorably is we always have the mass business there. We started to develop with our premium mass and that's where I think it goes to it in the Venetian specifically. As we drive home that premium mass customer, use our (indiscernible), our room product, again I believe the Venetian is going to hit a $500 million quarter one of these days because the blend of that business, that's the only property in Macau based on all cylinders, all three portions of the mass segment, the junkets, the retail, it's a traffic machine, as Sheldon referenced, and it's got all the cylinders working. That is a juggernaut. And there is no reason in my mind that can't be a $2 billion store on a run rate sometime this year or next. But I'm very confident in maintain margin and keep growing our yield per table.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank: Great, thank you. And then just one quick follow-up on Marina Bay Sands. And I know that Sheldon commented earlier on it. But when you look at the life to date at this property, I think there’s something worth 185 billion of total VIP enrollments coming through, and I want to say life to date hold that the property is about 8% below that theoretical level. Is there anything structural about your customers there or maybe it's betting patters, maybe it's tie, there’s things like that, that maybe should influence a lower hold. I remember being told one time particularly some jurisdictions play ties more and that rise hold up. But in this instance do you guys think there is anything structural there that we should think about or is it just a string of kind of less than fortunate luck?
Robert G. Goldstein: I spent hours last week in Singapore. We hired a number of experts to look at our mix of business and they, we pay people a lot of money to tell us what we already believe and that is structurally it's sound and it should be in the range of 2.7 to 3. I’m as frustrated than anybody, as a manager who is paid to create EBITDA, I found it very frustrating. I sat for four hour lecture from three very smart people. What they told me is you’re going to hold 2.7 to 3 and the only thing I can tell you Carlo, and I will tell you this. One, highly concentrated, the one mistake we made in Singapore is we should have built it inside of Mainland China with the border like L. But you don’t have as much pure volume as you have Macau. Two, you got people bet USD 1 million at hand, that’s creates volatility that is frustrating but valid. There, pairs and tie betting what you know drives the margin or Baccarat business. Some of our better customers don’t bet pairs and ties, we wish they would. But they are betting it less and that’s a wise gambling choice and so that’s impacting it somewhat. Having said that any aggregate, three very smart experts along with Andrew McDonald sat there and lectured me and I listened very carefully and I walked away saying, trust me, we should be holding 2.7 to 3, be patient and keep taking all the action. And that’s all I can tell you. There’s nothing structurally wrong. We have to keep our head down, keep bringing the business, be margin focused and watch the return go better today. We saw this year’s ago. When I was young we used to watch Caesar’s Place go through this. Here’s a very, very volatile highly concentrated very high bet. We got over a 100 guys who bet huge amounts of money each quarter. One of these days we’ll give you guys a 4% quarter and all this will go away. Unfortunately this is not that quarter. So bear with us and watch Singapore perform.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes for sure, Rob. Thank you very much. That was really helpful.
Operator: The next question is from Cameron McKnight with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Cameron McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Good afternoon, thanks. A question perhaps for Rob; and just a follow-on from Carlo’s first question. On the premium mass side of the market in Macau, as premium masses are turned that, we’re hearing a lot of operators hear them talk about now. Are you seeing any signs that, that segment is becoming any more competitive on the fringes?
Robert G. Goldstein: Yeah, surprisingly I am not. It's a great question. It's a very valid one. I asked that of adding the team all the time and in fact they were not seeing it. The market is so fluffy and so rich that everyone is participating. I’m fearful about the margin erosion, but thus far we haven't seen that. The customer still seems more focused on the environment. We played some wonderful environments to gambling, obviously service, obviously room product. I was at the Four Seasons last week watching rooms full of these guys betting huge amounts of money, and I was mesmerized by the amount of people there the whole week betting huge amounts of money, having fun. I don’t see it. So fortunately the markets remain rational. There is so much good business in Macau it's such a staggering market that it’s very appealing to any operator. So far, I have seen non this cleanest I have seen in other markets in the last 35 years. So the answer respectfully is no. We're seeing lots more business and maintaining margins.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: That’s a very interesting question. There were two indicators that provide a predictable prognostication. It's tough to prognosticate, particularly about the future. The first one is, we run from 1.3 night’s average stay to 2.1 in less than a year. What does that mean? The second item, what it means is the second item which is that people who’re traveling from further away and we have an upside potential of that when the Hong Kong-Macau-Zhuhai Bridge opens in 2016 and that we see now more and more people that are coming from further away and when they do, they bring more money and a higher gaming budget. So it's evident by the 2.1 night’s average stay and the infrastructure is bearing fruit that people are coming for a longer stay and when they do that they bring more money and when you do that you increase the premium as on a predictable basis. You’ve hear Rob mention that we’re a Dragon Master. The Dragon Master is what somebody had a nightmare and called, he called the space that we’re building in Lot 5 a premium mass space.
Robert G. Goldstein: I suppose that’s a good name, Dragon Master.
Michael Alan Leven: (Indiscernible).
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Would you go for a (indiscernible). So those are the indications. The expansion of the infrastructure to bring people from further away and the promise of more of that. Do you know when you open that bridge, 180 cities will be serviced by the airport that’s only 20 minutes from you, serviced by over a 100 airlines. So, as people -- somebody before asked the question about, is it going to be too crowded when everybody opens up. As I said, I think it was [Jon Oh] [ph]. We’re in a supply driven industry. And we could see by the indications that the future looks much by that and it's predictable and reliable than it is today.
Cameron McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: That’s great, thanks. And Sheldon as a follow-on with the bridge opening in 2016 and linking Macau to Hong Kong International Airport. Do you think that will really and perhaps finally give Macau a leg up in the convention and exhibition business versus say for example Hong Kong which is far more accessible for international travelers?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Yes. It's accessible only because of the airport.
Cameron McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yeah.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: And if that airport essentially is right in the middle between Hong Kong and Macau, then it will substantially increase the viability of the convention and exhibition market.
Robert G. Goldstein: That Cameron, that’s the biggest objection now from big groups and big conventions in terms of having to fly into Hong Kong and take a boat. When that objection gets removed with our MICE capability in the Cotai Central as well as at the Venetian, we stand in the major position to benefit from that MICE activity which is mid-week business which is the opportunity area a significant improvement continually.
Cameron McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great. Thanks very much.
Robert G. Goldstein: You’re welcome.
Operator: The next question is from Robin Farley with UBS. Your line is open.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great, thanks. I wonder if you could comment a little bit more on Singapore. I know you mentioned that you expected to say that USD 60 billion level, but just looking at Q4 and I guess it's the lowest volume in the last two years and how you get comfortable that that’s in the range of normal and that there are still USD 20 billion quarters coming that related to a number of events held that makes you comfortable that ’13 is not where it's moving towards rather, but it's going to stay at that USD 60 billion a year?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Robin it's something closer to convertibility on the Yuan and inflation. They’re both going to continue to an increasing gross role.
Robert G. Goldstein: I think those factors, coupled with the fact that -- you’re right, it’s a light quarter compared to the 18.2 in the first quarter last year or even the 14.4 we did Q2 of this year. I guess my answer is Robin, its super concentrated and two more guys, three more guys, four more guys show up, it's a billion dollars of role. I wouldn’t take too much stock and the fact it's a light quarter, yes you’re right. But we can easily do 70 million, 80 million which puts right back a normalized run rate of 60 million. I think 50 a quarter blended for the year is a realistic estimate. (Indiscernible) off by here and there, a quarter it was up to 18 and down to 12, yes I could. But I think in the end of the day it's -- if you want to be super conservative, drop it to 55, 60 blended for the year, I think you’re very safe. I’m more focused on the margins and the whole percentage right now because I don’t think a significant growth beyond that right now. But to your point it was a weak quarter and there’s no denying that, but we had 18.2 quarter a year-ago and I wouldn’t be surprised to see the first quarter pop that number again. It doesn’t take a lot. We’ve got some special events coming on the horizon. David Beckham shows up, it makes a difference. So I’m not that concerned that we can pop the numbers in Singapore. I’m more concerned we can hang on to the money and we can maintain a margin to drive our EBITDA back to 1.6, 1.7 run rate.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. Thanks. And then I think can you give a little more color on kind of the approval process for the apartments in Cotai. It sounds like you’re going to be actively under construction there and just if there is any approval needed for the sales?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: No, we -- you’re going to (indiscernible). No, we’ve gotten there okay from the government of Macao to proceed with the St. Regis Tower. We have gotten okay to monetize the -- through the co-op basis for the four seasons. However, they have not have any experience with the legal infrastructure and we’re sending in to the counsel of the community, the general counsel of Macao, we’re sending in knowledge and experience from the major co-op market in the world, that’s New York City. We are having the law firms acquaint them with the structure. So their lack of familiarity with the structure is holding back their okays for little things. But we expect in the near future that should resolve itself. And they knew that I wasn’t going to build the St. Regis until I got the okay for the four seasons and now we’re building the St. Regis and we will have it ready before the end of ’15 at or about the time we’re going to have the Parisian open. And again, we’re just adding to our -- to the most precious commodity there and that is the room supply.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Harry Curtis with Nomura. Your line is open.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Hi. Just a quick question for either Sheldon or Rob. You talk a bit about the license renewal, the concession renewal process that initial discussions in Macao could begin in 2015. How do you expect that to go?
Michael Alan Leven: Hey Harry, its Mike. I will answer for the -- since you didn’t ask me. The answer is simply secretary [Tam] [ph] made that statement about six or seven months ago about 2015. We had no further information whatsoever as to whether it will start, whether -- where it will go or what have you. And you hear rumors all the time, but basically there is absolutely no factual information coming out of the secretary or anybody else at this point.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: There are some thoughts that …
Michael Alan Leven: (Indiscernible), sorry.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: That’s okay. There are some thoughts that an additional license could be issued or two, do you buy that?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: No. There is no reason to buy or not buy actually. I mean at this point of time, it wouldn’t look to us that there would be anything and you don’t know -- you really don’t know and for anybody in your end or ours to make a speculation. The only thing we know is that more emphasis is going to be put on integrated resort type facilities with more non-gaming facilities for operators. You’re seeing some of the guys talk about that in the new buildings as we build. And that’s the one, that the government continues to talk about putting more emphasis on Macao for that kind of situation. That’s the only really factual situation we know.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And just my last question is, are there any direct investment opportunities for your company on Hengqin?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: There has been conversations about direct investment you see that Pansy Ho and some of Galaxy working in that area. We’ve had some conversations about leasing some space for office space things of that kind, but no direct financial, no direct conversation about anything where there was actually a financial investment other than that.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. That’s it from me. Thank you.
Michael Alan Leven: Thanks, Harry.
Operator: There are no further questions. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today’s call. This concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-18 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. Briggs - Vice President of Investor Relations Sheldon Gary Adelson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Chairman of Las Vegas Sands LLC, Chairman of Sands China Ltd and Chief Executive Officer of Las Vegas Sands LLC Robert G. Goldstein - Executive Vice President and President of Global Gaming Operations Michael Alan Leven - President, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, Director and Chairman of Advisory Committee
Analysts: Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Toni, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corporation Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Daniel Briggs, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Daniel J. Briggs: Thank you. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, please let me remind you that today's conference will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of federal securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption Forward-looking Statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income and hold-normalized adjusted net income, adjusted diluted earnings per share and hold-normalized, adjusted diluted earnings per share and adjusted property EBITDA and hold-normalized adjusted property EBITDA, all of which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. We also want to inform you that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website for your use. We may refer to those slides during the Q&A portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Thank you, Dan. Looks like we have so many adjustments, our adjustments have given birth to other adjustments. Good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining us today. We are extremely pleased with our record financial results, which continue to reflect strong execution of our strategic objectives. We delivered outstanding growth in revenue, cash flow, net income and earnings per share this quarter, with our adjusted diluted earnings per share up 78.3% to $0.82 per share. Hold-normalized diluted earnings per share increased 47.2% to reach $0.78 per share. Take that you guys who underestimated us. Importantly, the power of our unique convention-based, Integrated Resort business model, which truly sets us apart in the industry, is increasingly being reflected in our financial results. Looking back to the 2-year period ending December 31, 2012, and out of the largest 100 U.S. public companies, we were the 11th fastest in net revenue growth, the ninth fastest in EBITDA growth, the eighth fastest in net income growth and #3 out of 100 in earnings per share growth. Looking ahead, we are confident that our business model gives us a sustainable competitive advantage in the Integrated Resort industry as we seek new development opportunities. We are the leaders in the industry and our unique convention-based business model, coupled with our financial strength and focus on operational excellence, will contribute to our growth in the years ahead. The highlights of the quarter, from my perspective, are as follows: First, we delivered another record quarter in Macau, where we are growing faster than the market, in both the mass and VIP segments. Second, the confidence we have in our business and the reliability and predictability of our cash flows has allowed us to raise our recurring dividend for the 2014 calendar year to $2 per share, an increase of 42.9%, compared to the $1.40 recurring dividend we will have paid this year. Yay dividend! And third, we returned nearly $300 million of capital to shareholders this quarter through stock repurchases. I guess $299 million is close enough to say $300 million. Our financial results continue to reflect the strong performance of our 4 principal strategic objectives. Please allow me to remind you of those objectives and to what they do, and our execution against them. Number one, maximize organic growth from our property portfolio; objective number two, deliver additional growth by making new investments in our current markets; objective number three, identify and nurture new Integrated Resort development opportunities in geographic areas outside of our current markets; objective number four, continue to increase the return of capital to shareholders. So focusing on organic growth, adjusted property EBITDA across our Macau property portfolio grew 60.8% to reach a record USD 784.3 million. Our mass table win in Macau for the quarter was up 61.2% to reach a record USD 1.06 billion in a market that grew approximately 38% in the quarter. So our growth was 61% faster than the Macau market in the most important and most profitable segment in Macau. The VIP business is also experiencing [ph] growth, with our Rolling Volume increasing 26% to reach a record USD 45.4 billion. That represents VIP market share of approximately 18.2% of Macau market Rolling Volume, compared to 15.5% one year ago. Our growth in VIP revenue for the quarter was nearly 2/3 faster than the Macau market. The Venetian Macao delivered another strong quarter, and due to our market-leading investments in non-gaming operations, continues to lead the Macau market in visitation and business and leisure tourism appeal. Our fundamental multi-tiered Integrated Resort development strategy, which features convention, exhibition, hotel, retail and entertainment offerings, helped delivered 16.7 million visits in the quarter to our property portfolio, including nearly 8 million visits to the Venetian Macao. EBITDA at the Venetian Macao increased to USD 357 million. The Venetian's Non-Rolling chip drop increased 75.8% to reach a property record USD 2.01 billion. The Four Seasons Macau delivered a property record $112.9 million in EBITDA, an increase of over 107% compared to the third quarter of 2012. Rolling Volume per table per day increased 48%, while mass table wins increased 113%. Sands Cotai Central, our latest and largest property on the Cotai Strip, continues its steady ramp and delivered a property record $224 million in EBITDA this quarter. No property in the history of Macau has reached that level of profitability so quickly. It looks to me like it's kind of close to a run rate of $1 billion. Sands Cotai Central is rapidly approaching becoming the third property in our portfolio to produce more than $1 billion of EBITDA per year and we look forward to it soon joining The Venetian Macao and Marina Bay Sands in Singapore with that distinction. We welcomed over 4.5 million visitors to Sands Cotai Central during the quarter, as our investments in non-gaming amenities have contributed meaningfully to both the tourism appeal and financial success of the property. Looking ahead in Macau, we look forward to generating growth in our Cotai Strip properties across all segments, as tens of billions of dollars of infrastructure investments in Macau, Guangdong Province and Southern China enable more people to more easily reach Macau. These infrastructure investments includes the world's most expensive and extensive high-speed rail system, a $10 billion bridge directly connecting Macau and Zhuhai with Hong Kong, and more than $20 billion of investments in the Special Economic Zone of Hengqin Island, which is adjacent to Macau and Guangdong Province, essentially adjacent to Cotai. The infrastructure expansion will be kept up by the opening of the Hong Kong-Macau-Zhuhai Bridge, which is currently scheduled for completion in 2016. The bridge will allow passengers arriving by plane at the Hong Kong International Airport to reach Macau in as little as 20 minutes, which is faster than the time it takes to reach Hong Kong. It's really a phenomenon. How many cities get the opportunity to adopt and bring as close to your city as almost as close as the airport of your city, to bring in a substantial portion of Chinese residents that cannot get to Macau because of the size of the airport and the number of airlines servicing. They have over 100 airlines servicing Hong Kong. So all you have to do is come out of the Hong Kong airport, where the side of the bridge is located on Lantau Island. Turn one way, and you go to Macau in 20 minutes. You turn the other way, you go to Hong Kong in 45, that is, Hong Kong Island. The Hong Kong International Airport served over 56 million passengers in 2012, and was the world's 12th visited airport last year. The airport provides service through more than 100 airlines, to more than 180 cities around the globe, including 44 in Mainland China. If Macau is looking to attract many times the visitors that it has today, nobody could have picked a better situation as to be close to a fully mature, major international. So in the future, Macau will be conveniently served by 2 airports, including one of the most important in the world, not just one. Now I want to turn to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. We produced EBITDA of $374 million this quarter, which was up over 43% compared to the $261 million we generated in the same quarter 1 year ago. Rolling Volumes were stronger compared to the quarter last year, and we have 2.85% against that volume, compared to 1.79% last year. In addition, our hotel business reflected strong growth, with ADR increasing to USD 401, with occupancy approaching 100%. That means like between 99 and 100. Let's turn to strategic objective #2, development growth in our current markets. Construction continues at The Parisian Macau, our fifth property on the Cotai Strip and our sixth in Macau overall. Based on our current schedule, and subject to timely government approval that may be required, we are targeting a late 2015 opening of our latest Integrated Resort, so no change in that targeted opening date. However, I talked to our head of development yesterday and he said there was some opportunity to potentially -- not committing to it -- to potentially pick up, pick up, up to a couple of months in schedule, and he told me yesterday that we, of 3, out of a couple thousand pylons [ph], we have 3 pylons [ph] left to go. We already have a lot of pile caps in and we're starting the structure above the pile caps. So very pleased with the progress we're making on that, on the Parisian. Moving onto strategic objective #3, the development of Integrated Resorts in new markets in geographic areas. In Asia, activity levels in Japan have increased and we are pursuing the potential for IR development in this promising market, with great enthusiasm [indiscernible]. Korea has also shown increased activity and we are looking forward to potential development opportunities. With respect to our European development in Madrid, there are a number of various steps left in the development process. Any investment would be subject to the receipt of government approvals and the finalization of the grants and incentives package that would enable investment and provide the environment [indiscernible]. Finally, let's review strategic objective #4, the return of capital to shareholders. Yay return of capital! We have now returned more than USD 5 billion of cash to our shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases over the last 21 months, including nearly $4.4 billion to Las Vegas Sands shareholders and over $700 million to the non-LVS shareholders in Sands China. That $5 billion includes nearly USD 600 million returned to LVS shareholders this quarter alone, through dividends and stock repurchases. As I mentioned before, we raised our recurring dividend to $2 per share for the 2014 calendar year, an increase of 42.9%. We have every intention of increasing the recurring dividend at Las Vegas Sands in the years ahead, as our business and cash flows continue to improve. We have $1.65 billion remaining under the current stock repurchase authorization, and in the future, we expect to repurchase at least $75 million of stock per month. We look forward to continuing to utilize the program to return capital to shareholders and to enhance long-term shareholder returns. Before moving to your questions, please allow me to share with you the reasons we believe our leadership in Integrated Resort development and operation will be sustainable in the future. First, we have a convention-based business model that is unique in the Integrated Resort industry. That expertise sets us apart from others and positions us extremely well to win the most promising future growth and development opportunities. There is hardly a city or country in the world that doesn't want more tourism and convention- and exhibition-driven business. We are the dominant specialist in that. Second, we are long-term strategic developers in our business. When we developed the Cotai Strip, we were building for the future market. The market that will develop with the emergence of the Asian middle class and the completion of the major infrastructure projects that provides them greater access to the [indiscernible]. Our focus on building non-gaming amenities, dining, retailing, entertainment, convention and exhibition facilities as vital components of our Integrated Resort properties, is another example of our long-term strategic vision. We have invested the most in Macau in non-gaming offerings, with 25% of our EBITDA generated from hotel, retail, convention and exhibition businesses, and those non-gaming investments benefit us in both financial returns and is differentiating us from other companies as we pursue new development opportunities. A third point that will contribute to the sustainability of our business is that we have the industry's most experienced leadership team, with the proven ability to execute our strategy. Fourth, we run our operations efficiently. We generate the industry's highest profit margins. We are focused on maximizing cash flow and delivering for our shareholders on the bottom line. Let me emphasize one final important point. The scale of our business and the strength, reliability and predictability of our cash flows allow us to return capital to shareholders while maintaining balance sheet strength and the ability to develop large, iconic projects that will generate great utility for our host markets and outstanding return for our shareholders. It's my job, together with our outstanding management team, to make sure we stay disciplined and continue to execute strategies that will both extend our industry leadership in current and new markets, and generate strong growth and outstanding return for our shareholders through the years ahead. I couldn't be more confident about our continued success. With that, let me turn the call over to the operator to begin the Q&A session.
Daniel J. Briggs: Operator, we're ready for the first question, please.
Operator: Okay. Your first question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: [indiscernible] taking my question. Guys, I think that the key focus I'd like to ask about is probably on the margin side here. So it looks like 3 of your 4 properties in Macau did above 30% EBITDA margin this quarter and I think the big surprises were both Sands Cotai Central and the Four Seasons. So I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about what you were doing to continue to drive, I think, mass market growth, in particular, at those properties and how you're able to kind of yield up, maybe the hotel rooms, what you guys are learning about that that's allowing you to deliver such strong margins there.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: [indiscernible] good luck.
Robert G. Goldstein: Shaun, it's Rob. Obviously, we're pleased at SCC, the numbers. It'll end up being the third property in the LVS portfolio to exceed $1 billion of annual EBITDA in the future. But we believe there's considerable room to grow the business. SCC, as you know, has almost 6,000 hotel rooms on Cotai, and at this point, there's 200 less mass table games at SCC versus The Venetian. So in the spring, we open up our premium mass offering of 75 more games. So we believe the story at SCC is just beginning. It's in its infancy from my perspective. We believe the potential growth there is material for a lot of reasons. But in answer to your question, we're obviously happy with our win-per-unit. The margin driver there is the mass table business and that has grown immeasurably. We're almost at the industry lead there in Cotai, and yet we only have less than 300 games. So the margins at SCC are predicable and when you have a focus like we do and a room base, and as you know, the most important predictor of gaming habit is where you sleep, and most people sleep with us because we have the most rooms. So I think Sands Cotai Central, although we're very, very pleased with the performance this quarter, it has a lot of room to grow, well beyond the current number. You referenced Four Seasons, and again, we're pleased with Four Seasons. After the re-segmentation, our junket performance there is exceptional, it always has been. But I think also for the first time, we're getting strong results out of the premium mass segment. We have over 60 games or so there now, not sure about the exact number. But the key at Four Seasons is to get the proper mix between junket. We are very strong proponents of both segments, the junket mix and the mass table mix or premium mass table mix. Four Seasons is highly desirable for consumer in Cotai. And again, we've got that right this quarter, but to get to our goal of $500-plus million of annualized EBITDA, we've got to keep working on our mix and keep working on that, use the rooms and the team there is very focused on that. So we're very pleased with both SCC and Four Seasons, but we think both stories are in the infancy, and there's considerable growth in the future for those properties.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And I guess just one follow-up, we've gotten a few questions on Singapore as well. In that property, obviously, normalized hold for the first time in a number of quarters is encouraging. But a couple of questions on operating expenses there being up a little bit, both sequentially and year-on-year. Could you comment if there's anything either in there that was maybe dragging on margin just this quarter or just any one-time items? That would be helpful.
Robert G. Goldstein: Well, I think you know that our focus in Singapore has migrated over to the foreign visitations, and that includes more rooms to the premium mass customer who comes to that property. We're still running 60%-plus margins in that segment. We're delighted with our progress there. As you know, we've spoken in previous calls about the challenge in Singapore, vis-a-vis visitation of locals. Our team there is very focused on driving our foreign visitation. We're up over 46% year-on-year in that segment. That segment does require sleeping rooms. The casinos pay for those rooms, so that is somewhat -- the hotel benefit, so its a yin and yang on that. But the truth is that we want to keep driving more foreign visitation, premium mass. As you know, we're at 4 or 5 a day. Our goal is to get to 5 million a day. That's where the growth resides in Singapore for us. So it may drive a few points of margin here and there, but at the end of the day, if we get that number to 5 million a day, the overall EBITDA in that property will accelerate quite a bit.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Shaun, I'm sure you know that we all love you, but we also love the other girls at the dance.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I will yield the floor.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: You better yield the floor. We'd like to keep the questions to 2 per person. You could come back again later if we have more time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Can we just stay on Singapore for a minute then, Rob? Just to continue along that line, what was the cash RevPAR then or your cash ADR, however you want to give us that number. And was there an increase in commissions that you paid there as well? Because, according to our calculations, it looks like there might be.
Robert G. Goldstein: The commissions on the VIP are consistent with -- were not escalating commissions, they remained the same. The Rolling Volume was $13.75. As for RevPAR, I think RevPAR was pretty close to the $400 number because of the -- Mr. Adelson said we were all virtually full, and we had a $401 U.S. average rate, so RevPAR was almost at the $400 level.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So just trying to understand the comment, your answer to Shaun's question. So in terms of giving more rooms to the premium mass segment, you're trying to attract more of the foreign visitor, just sounded like maybe you were giving more rooms away. So just again, how is that?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Yes, we are. That's the issue.
Robert G. Goldstein: You're exactly right. The market was driven by local and now we're moving towards more of a foreign visitation market and to get our casino win, the premium mass, beyond the 4.2, 4.4, 4.5 a day, our focus has been on foreign visitation, which obviously acquires fly-in customers and rooms. So we're buying more rooms from the hotel and that may have an adverse effect, a point or 2 in the margins.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So the ADR that you're reporting is a cash ADR and not just the kind of casino-related ADR?
Unknown Executive: There's no material difference in the reported ADR and the cash ADR, no.
Robert G. Goldstein: Actually, we paid more in the casino segment than any other segment there is. We pay the highest rates to the hotel from the casino side.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Did that all count as one question?
Robert G. Goldstein: That's it. You're done. Over and out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions, more from a corporate perspective, can you discuss the search for the CFO and where you stand? And also the same on the FCPA investigation, whether we could get a resolution on that sometime soon?
Unknown Executive: Yes. Steven, at the present time, the search for the CFO has not actually begun. We continue to talk about when that will take place. Probably not -- if at all -- not until the end of the year or the beginning of next year. At this time of the year, it's not really a good time. We're moving along the same way we've been organized for the last 4 months. And as far as FCPA, there's nothing new to report. That investigation continues to go on and there's no real indication as far as when that will be completed.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Then my second question, Rob, you said that international play is up 60%. Where is it actually? Did you say the number, what percentage is now, international?
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes. I said, in Singapore our foreign visitation, premium mass, is up 46%, in that segment. The driver of our success in Singapore, in the premium mass segment, is foreign visitation. Because, as you know, we have challenges in local visitation. So the growth there is material. I didn't reference this, but we're thrilled to see the non-Guangdong visitation into Macau actually bypassing Guangdong visitation. So with our room base, that's a very positive thing for us. They stay longer, come from further away and require sleeping rooms. So Sheldon's 9,000 sleeping rooms in Cotai turned out to be a pretty good idea. And as that accelerates and the infrastructural improvements continue, I think we'll see more demand for those rooms. So that foreign visitation, from non-Guangdong, is the Macau driver for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just in terms of the capital returns. In your original remarks, you mentioned that you expect to buy back at least $75 million of stock a month. Is that an annual target, so you'll do $900 million a year or more or are you really going to do it -- you have a minimum monthly commitment? And are you still planning to take advantage of volatility in your stock price?
Michael Alan Leven: I don't think, Tom, this is Michael. We're not going to be opportunistic. We're committing to buy a minimum of $75 million worth of stock a month. And if it does become an opportunity to buy it at lower price, we can put in more money if we wish. But at this point our commitment is to buy $75 million a month until the $1.6 billion that's available under our agreement to buy $2 billion is used.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's helpful. And then should we assume that you're not going to pay a special dividend at the end of the year, given the buybacks and the increase recurring?
Michael Alan Leven: There hasn't been a discussion at this point, about a special dividend. That'll be discussed towards the end of the year. At this point, we can't really answer that question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Big picture, just thinking about Japan and other Asian opportunities out there. Could you guys talk a little bit about how you would frame them over time, in terms of how you're thinking about CapEx, maybe some of the differences in building in a market such as Japan or Tokyo relative to your experiences in Singapore and Macau?
Michael Alan Leven: Sure. Carlos, it's Mike. Japan would obviously be the most expensive investment we've ever made from a single property standpoint. The estimates range anywhere from $6 billion in Tokyo and up. There's been some comments, recently, about construction costs going up in Japan because of the Olympics. So it's likely to potentially run higher than that. In Korea, we would not expect to spend that kind of money at all, would probably be less than the Singapore property and significantly less than Japan. In countries like Vietnam, we'd expect lower construction cost there because labor and construction are both lower. And if, per chance, Taiwan would take place, it will probably look like something like Korea. So we're pretty well in touch, through our development department, in every one of those places to understanding the exact economics involved from a construction standpoint. What we don't know in Japan is what the tax rates will be or in any of these other countries at this point. So we can't estimate the bottom line. But we can, in fact, estimate not only construction, but cost of operation, which we're doing all the time.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then just one quick one, it's not a very big or material number, but I did notice next year's CapEx, you guys have a $215 million investment in current properties. Are there any special projects that you guys are thinking about?
Michael Alan Leven: Yes. Our CapEx, on an annual basis, for the products we have today, represents close to $500 million annually. That CapEx is divided into property maintenance, which essentially is keeping the products where they are, and a combination of other investments which involve profit opportunities that we find within the properties to upgrade. The present plans are to spend approximately that money on an annual basis.
Unknown Executive: And, Carlo, the red in that Slide on page 24, the $250 million, is Theater Box 5 [ph] and Four Seasons. So that's what that money is designed to pay for.
Michael Alan Leven: New development money represents other money on top of the maintenance CapEx.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cameron McKnight with Wells Fargo.
Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Question for Rob, first of all, labor has been a big talking point. Can you comment on the labor restrictions that relate to dealers in Macau?
Michael Alan Leven: I'll answer that question. Rob only cares about how much is being played at the tables. I take care of the labor with Chris. The answer to that question is, that from a dealer standpoint, there will be Macanese dealers and Macanese croupiers. That's what the government wants and that's what we intend to do. All the comments that have gone on in the last month about that have caused a lot of uproar in the local community in Macau. I don't think anybody, including us, is prepared to venture away from those rules at all, and the government assures us that we'll have enough people available at the time when we have more tables and more situations, and we will follow the rules directly on that area.
Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then as a follow-up, as we think about capacity and the projects that are being built over the next 5 years, what do you think is more important in driving EBITDA? Is it hotel rooms or is it tables?
Robert G. Goldstein: It'd be both, right?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: You're talking about in Macau?
Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: In Macau, yes.
Robert G. Goldstein: Okay, both are very important. Let's be clear, you can't do one without the other. The key to our success has been this room concentration. I think, again, going back 2 years ago when we built these large projects and people were questioning the approach, but today we look at the relative table versus room relationship, it's obviously clear that we have a huge advantage by all those sleeping rooms. So tables, you have to have the tables, and obviously, that's an issue in Macau. But never forget how important the sleeping rooms are, and with the table caps, tables are more valuable than ever, but the sleeping room equivalent -- that sleeping room piece of the puzzle is evident every day as we go forward. And our success in Macau, we keep growing our table games, our mass tables are over 1,000 now, but we can do that because we have the sleeping rooms to drive that revenue. So they're related beyond anyone's comprehension years ago.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: There's a big coincidence of events, we have a huge multi-tens of billions of train infrastructure built or being built, bringing in more people. We have, in 3 years or less, the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau airport opening up, that will give Macau essentially a very mature, very highly-patronized international airport. It's a very, very unique position. So the more people come in and the table cap sit, the more win per table per day we're going to experience. So we could see it's already happening. So we can go from say, $11,000 or $12,000 [indiscernible] $13,000 per table in mass. It will go up to $13,000, $14,000, $15,000, $17,000, $20,000. It could go higher. So with the limit on table caps and just more people coming in, we're going to have a lot more win per day.
Robert G. Goldstein: The other thing I'll just mention, on top of Sheldon's comments, one more thing. The size of the facility, there's obviously a table cap and obviously sleeping rooms are a challenge for the market, but The Venetian and our larger buildings, the SCC, afford us the ability to add more ETG units and capitalize on the huge size of these buildings. And a lot of [indiscernible] capacity, so that's another opportunity for us to keep adding more ETGs and growing our business that way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: A couple of quick questions, following up on Japan. Could you just give us an update on your views of the legislation and what the likely outcome will be as far as the ownership structure?
Michael Alan Leven: Harry, as far as the ownership structure, we do not have any news at all, about partnerships or what have you, at this point. There's been some rumors in the market about having a Japanese partner, all the way to Japanese majority that I've seen in print, but there's nothing that our people on the ground know about any significant, really, indication as to what the Japanese ownership, if any, would be at this particular point in time. On the legislation, you probably know the same things we know. They're talking about, by December, having the first phase of the legislation done. Our best knowledge, today is, we're not sure. It could be December, it could be January. All the press has been favorable, but Japan has been trying this for many, many years and it's not really -- we really just can't predict when that legislation will happen. And then there's talk about a year to 2 after the legislation, lots of talk now, about 1 year, before a final decision. But once again, that is not known either. So at this point, we're optimistic. I think everyone is optimistic that Japan will do something, but at the end of the day, I don't think anybody is able to really predict it.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: They're focusing on -- this is Sheldon. They're focusing on 2 things. One, the Integrated Resort model out of Singapore. They're focusing on the social protections, like perhaps the $100 admission fee, a levy; and secondly, they're focusing on conventions. There's no company in the world that has the convention experience like we do. Anybody, any journalist, any analyst, anybody in the politics, in government, says that the frontrunner by far in the close position is Las Vegas Sands Corporation, because we're the experts in both of what they're looking for. They're looking to create tourism. Our Integrated Resorts, in the first 24 months, increased tourism in Singapore by 41%. They generally acknowledge, we have changed Las Vegas with our business model and convention base. We changed Macau, everybody in the government would acknowledge that. We've changed Singapore, and we can easily change any other city in which we have a MICE focus, MICE-based business model. So everybody says we're in the close [ph] position there. We hope we're in the close [ph] position. I think that we may have a -- caught between a rock and a hard place, meaning we think that Tokyo wants us and Osaka wants us. So we've notified both governments, we're happy to accommodate them.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: You mentioned, in your comments, government approvals are still needed for The Parisian project. Can you just kind of highlight whether the kind of major approvals that are still needed for that to open in late 2015?
Unknown Executive: I think she's asking what approvals we may need before we open in 2015.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Actually, I don't think I mentioned it, no.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: In your opening comments you mentioned government approval, so you're saying you don't expect any additional approvals needed?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: You always need building permits. So we always put in a caveat when we talk about a schedule, assuming building permits come on a timely basis, and in Macau, they have come on a timely basis. But I'd rather issue a caveat to say, subject to the government acting the way they've always acted, giving us building permits on a timely basis. If I said that, but frankly, I don't recall that. But there is no specific approvals. We know that they're planning to give out tables and the last thing I heard was everybody's not going to be as happy with the table allocation as everybody would like to be, and that's -- we'll have to live with that, we think we're in a better position. Our competitors aren't going to do any better than we have. And we have -- since everybody, all 6 concessionaires, the primary concessionaires and the sub-concessionaires, which we're one, has the opportunity. Everybody's put in for the same number of tables for this, and if they keep the table cap at exactly where they are, we'll get them and we hope we'll get enough tables. And we'll take the lower-performing tables from other properties, which I think the government is counting on for everybody. There'll be no advantage except we're putting up almost as many rooms as the average of the other 5 concessionaires -- the average of 2 of them, because they're averaging 1,500 to 1,700. And we're in the process of building the St. Regis, and we're putting another 400, 500 rooms there, which is the fourth building on Sands Cotai Central. We don't see any obstacles there.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: The other question was...
Unknown Executive: We're having a hard time hearing you. Could you speak into the phone?
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Sure. The other question was about your reserves levels in Singapore. It looks like as a percent of accounts receivable it's as high as it's ever been there. So just wondering what's going on with collections leading you to be so conservative with reserves.
Robert G. Goldstein: Robin, it's Rob. We've always aspired to get a higher percentage of our $1.1 billion in Singapore, reserved in the 30s and beyond. So we're very pleased where prices are going. As you know, we're at 32% on $1,119,000,000. Comfortable with it. I think we're being conservative and are going to keep that approach because they make sense for us. As you know it's a challenging -- collecting money in Singapore has always been something essentially, we [indiscernible]. We feel it's difficult, we're in Singapore. It's difficult because we are dealing with mostly Mainland Chinese customers. So we feel good about the reserve and we feel good about the level of collections we have accelerated.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Briggs - Vice President of Investor Relations Sheldon Adelson - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer Robert Goldstein - Executive Vice President, President - Global Gaming Operations Michael Leven - President, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, Director
Analysts: Shaun Kelley - Bank of America Joe Greff - JPMorgan Cameron McKnight - Wells Fargo Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Ian Weissman - ISI Group
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Las Vegas Sands Corp second quarter 2013 conference call. I will now turn the conference over to Daniel Briggs.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of federal securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption, forward-looking statements, for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income and hold-adjusted adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS and hold-adjusted adjusted diluted EPS, adjusted property EBITDA and hold-adjusted adjusted property EBITDA, all which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. We also want to inform you that we have posted supplementary earnings slide in our investor relations website for your use. Finally, for those of you would like to participate in the Q&A session, we would ask that you keep one question and then one follow-up question. With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Sheldon Adelson.
Sheldon Adelson: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. We are extremely pleased with our financial results, which continue to reflect our outstanding strategic positioning, strong execution and position of leadership in integrated resort development and operations. We delivered strong growth in revenue, cash flow and earnings per share, with hold-adjusted diluted earnings per share increasing 41.2% to reach $0.72 per share. Our results continue to reflect strong execution against our core principal strategic objectives. We are more confidence than ever that successful execution against these strategic objectives will both extend our industry leadership and maximize shareholder value. I will provide a brief progress report on those four objectives before we move to your questions. Our strategic objectives are, first, maximizing organic growth from our property portfolio. Second, deliver additional growth by making new investments in our current markets. Third, identify and nurture new integrated resort development opportunities in geographic areas outside our current markets. Fourth, continue to increase the return of capital to shareholders. I like that last one --It's a personal favorite of mine. Focusing on organic growth, we again delivered an all time record performance in Macao where our industry leading investments and the unrivaled scale of our properties have again enabled us to deliver robust market leading growth in the world's largest and most profitable gaming market. We welcomed a record 14.6 million visits to our Macao properties in the quarter, an increase of 40% compared to the second quarter of 2012. Adjusted EBITDA across our Macao property portfolio expanded 53.2% to reach a record $657.2 million. Our mass table win in Macao for the quarter was up a whoppy 61.1% to a record $930 million. Our growth in the quarter was twice as fast as the Macao market in the most important and most profitable segment in Macao. Also impressive is our growing volume growth in Macao, which is up 25.7% this quarter to a record $42 billion. That represents VIP market share of approximately 17.4% of Macao market rolling value compared to just 14.8% one year ago. Our growth for the quarter was nearly 2.5 times faster in the Macao market in the VIP segment. The Venetian Macao delivered the strongest quarter in the property's history. The Venetian Macao leads the Macao market in visitation, business and leisure tourism field, and last but not least the generation of EBITDA, which reached property record $361 million in the quarter. The Venetian's higher rolling chip drop increased 56.1% to reach a market leading property record of $1.59 billion for the quarter. Sands Cotai Central continues it's steady growth with strong growth on display across the board. Our mass table, slot and ETG win per day increased over 158% this quarter compared to the period last year, reaching over $3.51 million per day. Visitation at Sands Cotai Central exceeded 40,000 visits per day during the quarter, an increase of over 142% compared to the year ago period. EBITDA generation is also improving meaningfully and despite low hold reached $146 million for the quarter. Had we held normally at Sands Cotai Central, the property would have generated approximately $170 million in adjusted property EBITDA during the quarter. Now turning to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. Rolling volume was up over 24% compared to last year's second quarter, reaching $14.4 billion. On a hold-adjusted basis, we have reduced EBITDA $396 million this quarter and Marina Bay Sands which was up about 6% compared to the same quarter last year. Turning to our U.S. operations. Hold-adjusted, adjusted property EBITDA was up nearly 8% in Las Vegas and grew nearly 10% in at Bethlehem. We are pleased to be generating growth in both the largest gaming market in the U.S., Las Vegas and the fastest selling gaming market in the U.S., Bethlehem. Now let's turn to strategic objective number two, development growth in our current markets. The Parisian Macao, our fifth integrated reserve property at the Cotai Strip and our sixth in Macao overall is now under construction. Piling work is now well underway and the substructure work in the podium and hotel tower areas has commenced. Based on our current construction schedule, subject to timely government approvals, we are targeting the opening of The Parisian Macao for late 2015. We are extremely enthusiastic about The Parisian which we would be themed, aspirational destination integrated resort, featuring replicas of iconic Parisian landmarks including a 50% scale replica of the Eiffel Tower. The Parisian's offering have been designed to appeal to a wide range of customers visits including the business and leisure traveler or families that is visiting the Macao's attraction for the very first time. The dining, shopping and entertainment offerings of the Parisian reflects a seamlessly managed and work experience and our ten plus years of integrated resort development and operation in Macao. The Parisian Macao will be seamlessly integrated with our other Cotai Strip properties, the Venetian Macao, the Four Seasons Macao, Plaza Casino and Sands Cotai Central, increasing the property portfolio's clinical mass in business and - leisure tourist appeal, while enhancing the total return of our Cotai Strip portfolio. We are also advancing our plans to sell shares in a coop fashion to prospective buyers of Four Seasons-branded Apartments in the Apart-hotel on the Cotai Strip. On June 5, 2013, the latest approval in the development process was published in Macao's official gazette. The eventual sale of Apart-hotel units has always been a fundamental component of our Cotai Strip development strategy of monetization of non-core assets. Moving on a strategic objective number three. The development of integrated resorts in new markets and geographic areas. In Asia, activity levels in Japan have increased. We are pursuing the potential for Integrated Resort development with great enthusiasm and optimism. Korea has also shown increased activity and we are looking forward to the potential development of it. We have also been investigating opportunities in other parts of the world. With respect to Madrid, there are a variety of steps left in development process. Any investment would be subject to receipt of government approvals and the finalization of any grants and incentive package that would enable investment as well as success in a competitive tender process. High divested interest, and pursuing low and highest value projects that will maximize shareholder returns. As the company's largest shareholder, my interests are aligned with yours. Finally, let's review to the strategic objective number four. The return of capital to shareholders. We have now returned nearly $4.5 billion of cash to our shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases over the last 18 months, including over $3.7 billion to Las Vegas Sands shareholders and nearly $700 million to the non-LVS shareholders of Sands China. It is gratifying that we have built our businesses and expanded our cash flows to the degree that we are able to return to shareholders substantial sums while retaining a strong balance sheet and ample liquidity to fund future growth opportunities. We have every intention of increasing the returned dividend at both Las Vegas Sands and Sands China in the quarters ahead as our business and cash flows continue to grow. We are also pleased that the Board of Directors of Las Vegas Sands authorized on June 05, 2013 a $2 billion stock repurchase program. The stock repurchase program will complement our previously established recurring dividend programs at Las Vegas Sands and Sands China. They will provide another avenue to the company to return capital to shareholders. I am pleased to report that we are able to complete the establishment of the program during the quarter to repurchase 883,000 shares of stock at an average cost of $0.52 per share, returning nearly $47 million to shareholders. We believe the repurchase program will enable the company to enhance shareholder returns in the future. In summary, we are executing on all four of our strategic objectives. I also wanted to point out that our leadership team is doing an outstanding job across the board. With our industry leading outstanding strategic position, strong operating momentum and a disciplined and experienced leadership team we have in place to execute our strategy. I couldn't be more confident about our continued success in the future. With that, let me turn the call over to the operator to begin our Q&A session.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question is from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America: Just wondering if maybe you could start with either, Rob or Sheldon giving a little bit more color on the ramp up that you are seeing at Sands Cotai Central? It seems like the VIP side is very strong there. You saw some pretty big sequential growth in mass as well, but we did notice like the hotel occupancies dipped from last quarter. So how do you see the hotel side ramping up and what you are seeing kind of out of the player behavior there that would be really helpful?
Rob Goldstein: Sure, Shaun. It's Rob. I will just discuss the gaming issue for a second. We are really pleased where SCC is going. The big driver obviously was mass tables. We grew from $30 million Q2 of 2012 to $114 million this quarter, so a terrific growth there. We are seeing obviously the VIP segment is leading our portfolio, so very positive there. Sheldon referenced in his opening remarks like a whole percentage which is actually evident across the whole group of segments in SCC. We actually hope to adjust with that $170 million. We have always felt this is $1 billion property. We think that run rate will reach you some point I am not sure this year, but certainly in '14, so very, very pleased what's going, the cross traffic between SCC Venetian continues to build. And, I think SCC that we have always said, it's built for the best market segment in Macao, that's in the mass market. That mass market segment is fueled by sleeping rooms. We got 6,000 keys in Venetian, 9,000 keys to Venetian and SCC. Really bright days ahead in the gaining piece of this building. Really we are pleased especially about mass ramp there. And across the portfolio, our mass ramp grew, it went from 577 last year across all four properties to 920 this year, so I think the staggering growth in Macao continues and we are the leaders in the mass segment. We are approaching $4 billion of top line and so we are very pleased where SCC is going, very pleased with our future. I think the rooms drive it as more retail occupancy, that will help the gaming piece as well.
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America: Then I guess my follow up would be, to maybe switch gears, just on the strategic side. You did get another approval for moving ahead with the Four Seasons co-op sales. Could you just talk a little bit about possible milestones behind that? Then also what that might mean for development of the Sands or perhaps the last set of kind of the fourth tower over there at Sands Cotai Central, that would be really helpful?
Sheldon Adelson: That fourth tower is the St. Regis and that's of combination of a few hundred rooms, about 450 to 500 rooms, plus about 300 apartments. The government has informed us that once the precedent is set with the Apart-Hotel, by the way, the St. Regis we have been sitting with an approval to go forward with the St. Regis. But, since we didn't have the approval to sell the apartments on the co-op or any other scheme, we decided not to go, but we still have the building permit. So I don't know what you mean by milestones leading up to that.
Shaun Kelley - Bank of America: I guess what I am getting at is, kind of what's next can you guys begin to premarket condos at the Four Seasons right now, or do you need any additional approvals before you can do that?
Sheldon Adelson: No. We are all set. We are lining up the project management and the sales teams and we don't need any further approval in terms of line up. There were some minor things like to resolve such as how many apartments are going to be put in the rental pool or in the alternative how many apartments will be held aside to rent. Those are minor negotiating points that we have to finalize with the government. However as far as being able to sell them, we have that approval and it's been decided.
Operator: Your next question is from Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: Hello, everyone. Obviously a big topic of late for all of us on this call has been concerns about slowing macro picture Mainland China and whether or not that's going to have some sort of impact in Macao. It doesn't appear to have any impact on results in the 2Q in Macao or Singapore for that matter. Can you talk about what you are seeing more recently if there is any change in consumer behavior, any kind of impact, any changes in junket liquidity and I will keep this as broad as that and I have a follow up. Thank you.
Sheldon Adelson: Let me tell you the consumer behavior is going in the right direction as far as we are concerned. There were more people coming and spending more money. The macro view about China is not affecting the visitation to Macao. If anything, the visitation is increasing, but not if anything. I can't give you projection, but let me leave it at that. If anything, any there is impact, the visitation is increasing. But this has been going on since for nine years since 2004 since we started. Every time some journalist decides to place something in the market writes an article typically without having the authority from the Central government to state about how many visits on an individual or how many individual IVS's, individual visit schemes. Everybody starts to scratch their head and wonder if there is anything to it. To our knowledge, if there is anything to a macro slowdown in China, it is not affecting Macao as far as we concerned. It's just the opposite of what people are suggesting.
Rob Goldstein: And to amplify Sheldon's comments, if you turn to page 11 in the investor deck. This slide illustrates SCL's year-on-year growth in the most important segment in Macao, mass table gains, SCL's growing 60% in the last year to $920 million from $577 million year a ago in this segment and the margin is still mid-40s, 45, 46, 47. It's just a staggering market and this segment is the growth engine. This segment has grown from $2 billion in 2005 to $13 billion this year in Macao. We have 1,000 games on the floor currently, doing $10,200 per day. Upside in this segments coming from the organic growth of the Macao market, specifically in Cotai. Our ability to leverage our hotel and retail asset base in Macao and Cotai and particularly to drive much higher win per unit, we are just in a unique position to improve dramatically and see SCL's math table grow to $4 billion or $5 billion or $6 billion use ahead. We are in a very fortunate place in a very strong market and I think the numbers speak for themselves. That slide, to me, is staggering and the profit margins equally staggering. So this is the story of Macao and the consumption on the math table just grows and grows and grows.
Shaun Kelley - Banc of America Securities - Merrill Lynch: Excellent, and then my follow up is you started buying back stock at the end of the 2Q. Have you bought anything since the quarter ended here in July? Also on this topic of share repurchase, can you review your strategy with regard repurchases? Is it more problematic consistent or is it more episodic depending on the valuation depending to movements in the stock price?
Sheldon Adelson: Fact of the matter, it's opportunistic buying. If we see the stock price down below where we think it should be, we are going to buy. But once we start to buy we don't know whether not people know we are buying or we don't know but the stock seems, as soon as we step in, the stock seems to go up. We can't state what we have done so far this quarter because that would be selected disclosure.
Operator: Your next question is from Cameron McKnight with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Cameron McKnight - Wells Fargo: First question, can you talk to the whole percentage in Singapore. This has been the third quarter in a row where hold has been a little bit lower than expected. We have had number of questions from folks just asking about that. So if you could address that, that will be great? Then I have the follow up.
Rob Goldstein: Sure, you are right. This is actually the fifth quarter we have been under where we would like to be at but still like to be as we opened the property, whole percentage is about 2.65 and in the aggregate, if add our competitors, the market is about 2.9. No mysteries here. We have had a lot of amazing play. We are running at a run rate of $16 billion plus for the first time ever in this year. I am very encouraged by it. I have no concerns whatsoever. We take very large bets there. The swings are dramatic. The market is very concentrated. I have no explanation, expect in the end, the math always wins out. Across our portfolio worldwide, when you add up what we do here in Las Vegas and Macao and Singapore, numbers are just where we are expect them to be, in north of 2.85 in the rolling segment. So a total confidence in our team, total confidence that nothing untoward, very confident that at the end, math will prevail. So no concerns there at all.
Sheldon Adelson: So just like the cards don't know how much money is being bet on them. The law of averages is not impacted by anybody who is questioning whether the average were above average or below average. It always stands that the law of averages, like the law of physics, doesn't change. Over the long-term, the numbers tend to be 2.85. That's why they call it a theoretical average. To reach the average you have to have some periods below and some periods above. Then all ends up at 2.85.
Rob Goldstein: We did have a couple of exceptionally strong quarters back in late '11, early '12. We held 3.5, 3.6, but it's been a disappointing run but one of these quarter it will breakout and hold 4.2 and then it will go back to 2.85s and no concern.
Cameron McKnight - Wells Fargo: Right, got it, and then another follow up, Rob. We are hearing on the ground in Macao that some operators have been increasing the amount of credit they are extending to junket operators. Can you talked to the overall credit environment in Macao and also the VIP market there and conditions there.
Rob Goldstein: Yes, in the VIP market, the numbers speaking for themselves. The market has not been the growth engine in the past. We continue to believe it's not driven by credit. It's driven by lack of back end demand by the consumer. We are happy to extend the credit because our credit track record in Macao has been excellent. The fact is when demanded, they were will extend the credit. I don't think it's a credit driven issue in Macao. The operators will give credit. Its demand driven by the consumer. We would be really positive about it. We are happy to participate. We are very happy we are growing in that segment in the last couple of years but from our purposes, the VIP issue is all about consumer demand. If demand is there, we will extend the credit. Our junket partners will extend the credit. But that story has been overwhelmed by the extreme growth in the mass side of the business. So as much as we want to keep this thing growing our junket business, our year and this quarter is dictated by the ridiculously strong returns in mass tables.
Sheldon Adelson: Our junket business is better for us than the once time junket business. But the VIP business is better for us in Singapore. One, because of the tax rates. Number two, because the junket reps themselves don't limit the amounts of bets that the players can make. So we can accept the very large bets from millions Singapore dollars but the junket reps in Macao have too many customers and they don't want to take that risk because if everybody bets a $1 million a hand and a hand, as you probably know, unless somebody twist the cards takes about 30 to 60 seconds. So we would rather see that high-end business and fortunately there is no bets. We are paying high commissions to the players, but the tax rates help make up for that. So we would like to see more of that business, the $1 million hand business down in Singapore but we are not doing anything to push it down there. It just happens to go there.
Operator: Your next question is Felicia Hendrix with Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Rob, I wanted to talk about your mass table yields in Macao a bit. You have been increasing the number of mass tables and your mass table win per day has been going up. In the quarter, it was flattish, which is pretty impressive. So I just wanted you to speak to what you are doing to drive those strong results? And then I have a follow up.
Rob Goldstein: It is flattish in the win per unit basis but in the aggregate it's growing up because obviously we have more tables on the floor. It's pretty simple. It's yield management. We are looking at our junket yield versus mass table yield. The story, as you know, Felicia, this industry just doesn't have any place where you can make $10,000, $11,000, $12,000 win per unit per day. It's beyond comprehension for me. When I go to Macao, it's shockingly strong and growing across the entire market. So we are simply, as managers, looking to get the most yield we can at the table. There is always junket performance, in part will stay will junket. It's an important segment but the reason we are moving more tables to the mass floor is evident to you by looking at our numbers. We increased over 1,000 mass tables. We may go 1,100 mass tables. We will just riding the wave. When you realize what's happening in mass tables, to think about the fact that wins per units in the market is growing to as high as $12,000, $13,000 at 45% margin. How do you not do or don't? It's the only intelligent thing we do as managers is not to yield up. We do it in Pennsylvania. We try to do it Las Vegas where it's possible. But no place is like Macao. As you all know, it's just extraordinary and we are very fortunate. Because, we may be somewhat over represent one segment and we will adjust accordingly, so I am not concerned about our win per unit. You are right. It grew 10 to 10.1, but the aggregate win is up significantly. We keep adding more and we will keep doing it, because we believe that mass table business as long as it's 20% 30% growth, we are the biggest beneficiaries. The primary growth resides on Cotai. That's our biggest representation of tables. When you see the kind of numbers we are getting out of Venetian SCC, it's very, very gratifying, so that's our direction as managers want to yield up we will keep doing that.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Great. Then just moving then to the slot side, kind of similar conversation for the numbers of the slots in ETGs have been declining and the slot win per day as well, so as long if could discuss that?
Rob Goldstein: Yes. Exactly. We keep changing the mix there and we are big fans of slot ETG. I mean, the margins are breathtaking, 50-plus percent. I would like to see that business grow across the board, not just for our company, but Macao is somewhat flattish and that growth is somewhat surprising to me. But I think, as you know, as you yield up on mass table games, you are pushing a segment of the market that a consumer can't participate in. I think the real value to our slot ETG program, especially ETG is that it offers a place for the customers, not betting 2,000 Hong Kong that were placed at the table so to speak. So we are complete believers and we have. I think, one of the things we did very well, when Sheldon built, Indonesian people were shocked with the sheer size of the building. But in the end, it was a great trade, because that real estate now which I felt that was waste of space, can now deploy a massive ETG slot strategy enables us, to be honest with you, a lot of customers are pushed out of market and table yields are pushed up, the number is so high on the minimum bet that looking for alternative and that's what ETGs do. I am surprised, they are not growing faster in our portfolio, but we have a lot of confidence. It's a great segment. I still believe that they will do $1 billion a slot ETG in the aggregate across our portfolio, so not as exciting as mass tables for this quarter, but still a very nice segment to be in and one we are very committed to.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank: Guys, good afternoon. Just as you look at kind of the cadence of share in the market, as the mass market continues to grow, obviously your presence in that market should be a net benefit with respect to share. But over the last few quarters here, as Sands Cotai Central ramped, we have kind of seen a flat line at about 21% and I know you guys are trying to optimize that. Is there anything here on the come in the future where you think there is some low-hanging fruit and opportunity to start to take a bigger share of the wallet over there?
Rob Goldstein: Yes, I do. I think we are in the whole position to just that. If you look at our ramp this quarter, you think about growing some five something, nine something year-on-year. In what business the wallet grows 60% or 45% margin? Yet, to your point Carlo, we are exactly positioned to do that, because we are on Cotai. I mean, we developed Cotai with the idea it's a mass market machine, hotel rooms, fabulous retail opportunities. So, to your point, I think we have a lot of growth ahead of us. I think $4 billion, $5 billion, $6 billion. Who knows how high it goes, but we are positioned very well, because we have the tables, we have the sleeping rooms, we have the retail. We have the whole show and no reason why we think we can't keep yielding up materially. I think SCC is going to be a big surprise while people as it goes beyond a $1 billion of annualized EBITDA. I think, Venetian has upside potential, we struggled at the Four Season to get there we are going to get there in terms of the right yield per table, but our story is about ridiculous growth in mass tables. It's primary a Cotai story. We are the biggest Cotai provider. So I think our story is just beginning. We are in the infancy of this growth. This is not the story. It's just start to be told now. Cotai this never could have happened in our Cotai. You don't have the physical space to build these big places you are stalking the pencil. The vision here a decade ago to build Cotai is now really being fulfilled. The vision is really starting to occur where I think our properties are going to grow and grow in this critical segment.
Sheldon Adelson: Carlo, just to clarify what Rob said. You are talking about mass the whole way and we have gone a year from 24.3% of the mass market per table to 29.9%, so that's where we were focused on, not the revenue number that includes 10%, 11% to 12% margin business. We are always going to be focused on that piece.
Rob Goldstein: You got to remember that SJM, that maintains the leadership and gross gaming revenue has 19 what I have called sublicense casinos. 19! So, they are each picking up a piece of business and they are just sub licenses that have been there for many years that the government allowed Stanley Ho and now SJM to sublicense their license and their ability to operate casinos to 19, 20 of the people and yet they are owning 2 or 3 percentage points ahead of us. We are operating five casinos. If you separate 5 and 6, and the Plaza, the Venetian and the Sands, so there is only five. They are operating over 20 some odd casinos.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank: Yes. Sure. That's not forgotten. So, thank you guys. That's really helpful. Then just quickly on the Four Seasons. I know Rob you mentioned it a little bit there. Obviously the mass hold was lot lower this quarter than it has been running, but on better drop in volume. Is there anything structurally there that changed maybe that would make us think about it differently going forward?
Rob Goldstein: No. Nothing at all. Let's not go into the whole cage drop issue. It's not we are talking about, but the Four Season is work in progress. We are not happy where we are at right now, but we can do a lot better. We repositioned that. We are in transition period. I think, Carlo, I think we all know that. As we move more into this premium mass business, I think numbers will get better and whole percentage will be what's going to be and we know with that kind of volume whole percentage pretty much stays flattish when it's all said and done.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank: Thanks guys. Thank you
Sheldon Adelson: I think it's 300 apartments at the four seasons. That will bring us a lot of direct premium or premium direct at the high end, because anybody spending several million dollars from it is going to play the Four Seasons. They will be direct play or they will be premium mass, so that's one element that's going to contribute to an increased growth and increased EBITDA number.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank: Appreciate the color guys, thank you.
Sheldon Adelson: I would just like to emphasize, we have never been an aggregate of gross gaming revenue. Now, I know you have to start somewhere, but everybody is, you got to start off at the top line somewhere, but we went up with the bottom line is the most important thing. And, every single quarter since 2004, we have done more than anybody else in Macao, and we continue to do more and nobody is even close to us. You could bring in a lot of these guys that are doing a lot of business, not only doing it because they are trying to be competitive with us and they are trying to increase their gross gaming revenue, so they think that that's the bottom line. I never saw anybody about to deposit in the bank, gross gaming revenue, only net profit. That teller doesn't take (Inaudible).
Operator: Your next question is from Steven Kent.
Sheldon Adelson: He didn't listen to me.
Rob Goldstein: Hey, Steve.
Sheldon Adelson: Carlo, I am going to get insulted.
Operator: Mr. Kent, your line is open.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Yes. So, two quick questions. One, as much as people focus on the whole percentage for Singapore, the volumes have been very, very strong especially at the high end. I was just wondering if you could give us some indications as to what's driving maybe some of that incremental volume, because at point there was a question about that. Also, on that same, on Singapore, the slot play also volume was very, very high and whether there are some early thoughts from that that might be part of your strategy in other parts of the world? Then one final thing, CFO search, if you could just give us an update on that?
Sheldon Adelson: I will just tell you that the fact that we are taken up to a $1 million bet is exhibiting to a very good top line rolling number. That doesn't mean every bet is $1 million.. Some guys just want to have the right to bet them, if they want to bet. It's a matter of ego. They boast to their friends. Oh, I can play as many as hand if I want to. The CFO search, we have retained, I think an executive search firm and we are looking, so far as I know. Mike is involved with them. Mike?
Michael Leven: Yes, I am here. Can you hear me?
Sheldon Adelson: Yes, we can hear great. Did you hear the question?
Michael Leven: Can you explain please?
Sheldon Adelson: CFO?
Michael Leven: Yes, we are in the process of the final selection of search. We have done all our specifications where we are doing our alternatives and doing specific situations as to how the job should be really put together. In the meantime, our team is doing very well and as you Ken is still there. So we are in good shape there. We expect that we will have something happening in the next three or four months.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Sheldon, just on the Singapore, the amount of volume there. Besides the propensity for people to make big bets, what I guess I was asking was, were you seeing more people from different parts of the world because, again, that was one of the strategic focuses to going into deeper into Southeast Asia to bring more and more customers into Singapore. Are you starting to see that?
Rob Goldstein: Hi, Steve. It's Rob. Frankly, the answer is that it remains the same sources. That being, we have always said, it's concentrated. It's certainly mainly in China. It is the primary driver, Hong Kong, while still bringing PRs, primary residents in Singapore are important as well, Indonesia. The region hasn't changed all that. We still see some business in Tokyo and Korea. But the principal drivers in the last two quarters have been a, Mainland China/Hong Kong, b, primary residents living in Singapore or maybe Chinese nationals and then c, Indonesia. Again this remains a highly concentrated market. I don't think you will see a whole lot of difference in terms of previous quarters and I think it will remain highly concentrated and hopefully we will growth it. We are pleased to see ourselves getting into the $60 billion annualized run rate area. But the challenges remain the same. Sheldon referenced the high nature of the betting. We take the highest bets in the world there. Our team is committed to keep trying. But I can't tell you if something would change from the last year fundamentally in terms of that. You referenced to slot ETG. I think you know the story there. Everyone knows that the government is more restrictive vis-à-vis Singaporean local play. We are outsourcing. I should say, we are growing our business outside of Singapore, both premium mass, primarily table, slot to a lesser degree. The slots have been challenging because primarily slot business in any market is regional. It depends on the region we are in. Less visitation by Singaporeans has been more than offset by increased visitation by non-Singaporeans, Indonesians, Malaysians, Chinese, et cetera have helped our business there. We remain confident that there is growth ahead of us in the win unit per days and the mass table non-rolling as well as slot ETG. But we are kind of flattish this quarter. Overall the blends around 4 to 5 remain unchanged. We would love to get back to a our ambition two years ago was to approach 5 million a day we haven't seen growth Q-on-Q. But we are lacking last year's second quarter of 12 to pull back by the government. So we grow our business outside of Singapore, remain confident there is some growth there as well.
Operator: Your next question is from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley: You talked earlier about the improvement in visitation to Macao that's played out past few months. What's your view on what's diving the increase and do you think it's sustainable? There appears to have been a number of infrastructure improvements. For the past couple of months, it also had easy comps. So just want to hear your thoughts on it. Thank you.
Sheldon Adelson: I will start off with the comments on infrastructure. There are more high speed trains coming from Guangzhou and there is more and more trains that are coming from the North from Fujian Province. The further out the tactical reach with the high-speed rails, the more visitation, again, and there is more and more infrastructure coming in. They will be able to move around with the light rail system a lot faster. I understand that, well, we were talking at length about this yesterday. Once the bridge, the Hong Kong–Zhuhai–Macao Bridge opens in three years, hopefully earlier, it's going to be Katie bar the door. It's going to be incredible numbers of visitation, because instead of having just the Macao airport, you get the Hong Kong airport that's already handling 50 million, give or take, passengers a year, you are getting. So if somebody says, okay, I can either go to Hong Kong Island which takes 45 minutes or I go to Macao which takes 20 to 25 minutes. So once I leave the Airport, I go to the right, I am going to Macao. I go left, I am going to Hong Kong. When that opens, its like I said, Katie bar the door. It's going to be incredible. It's the infrastructure that is holding up a significant increase in potential new tenants.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley: Then, I mean, last year there were around 28 million visitors to the market and you said the past two quarters you had around 14 million visitors to your Cotai properties. Do you have numbers around where you think that will go maybe in 2016 when the new supply opens? Thanks.
Sheldon Adelson: I don't think that anybody could say. It depends how many trains they put on the high speed rails. How far out they are going to go. The people can travel what used to be eight hours is now two or three hours. And people go for one night stays in Macao, instead of going eight hours in each direction and take quite a while to travel. I don't think anybody could read that crystal ball. But one thing I feel very confident and that's why we are building another luxury. We are building The Parisian to over 3,000 homes. Because I don't see any reason to limit the number of people that are visiting. We are talking about Macao having two airports. The Macao Airport and the Hong Kong Airport. As a matter of fact, it would be just as quicker to get into Macao than Hong Kong. They say that they are talking about 45 million visitors, I think, to Hong Kong and we had 28 million visitors last year. But based upon our comps and our properties, on a same store basis, we are looking at significant increases in attendance. I can't get into much further but when I said significant, it's more than 5% or 10%. A lot more.
Operator: Your next question is from Harry Curtis with Nomura Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities: Can you give us any updated thoughts on development in Japan or casino legislation in Japan given the LDP's recent victory.
Sheldon Adelson: Listen, we have been lobbing there for five years. We have had a very strong presence there. We know everything that's going on. The restoration party headed up by Hashimoto in Osaka who was ultimately Governor of the State of Osaka and Mayor of the city of Osaka, going back and forth and Ishihara the former Mayor of the Tokyo Metropolitan Government and/or just Tokyo. It's kind of like the city and the states, like New York, New York. They wanted to submit the bill in June but they didn't have the clout. They didn't have the number of votes to carry it. Right now it appears as though November is the anticipated date that the bill will be submitted. The problem with the bill was good news or bad news. The good news is, they are finally going to submit the bill to legalize focusing on gaming. Secondly, the bad news is, it is going to take a couple of years. The other guys wanted to do it but didn't have women on it. Now it looks as though two years is the outside limit. It could get done a lot sooner. It's not that the various candidate cities have to wait two years, but it has to be done within two years, so we don't have any more inside information.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities: Okay. Then let's move onto the second, which is kind of the genesis of LVS Vegas. Most of the metrics there were better. Slot table and RevPAR. Is there a better tone there, or do you think it's a head fake?
Rob Goldstein: Good quarter, bud.
Sheldon Adelson: I don't know. Listen, as long as President Obama doesn't say, you can't take taxypayer’s money and go to the Super Bowl, to Las Vegas. We stand a chance of going back up again. I don't know if that if anybody could say that's had a significant turn for the better or significant turn for the worst. I think it's just noted.
Sheldon Adelson: Harry, I think you know it's a challenging place in terms of it's got to grow 80 RF to improve. Obviously, non-gaming side, that's going to be the challenge this time and that will come first out of the convention segment. We think that will look open for a turn there in '14. On the gaming side, truth is we are very dependent on high end premium Asian players who come here. Although we participated, we have done very well in that segment. We are really happy doing it. The entire town doesn't share equally in that. On the gaming side, slot mass tables continue to be mediocre. The premium segment is very strong on the Asian side, but we have to tell Las Vegas today I wouldn't call the head fake as much as it's just a challenging market that will slowly get better, but I would look for rapid improvements next few quarters.
Sheldon Adelson: I think the issue, Harry, is that there are two companies that own about 20-some odd properties on the Strip on the strip or just off the Strip, and they really controlled the run rates. We had, during our growth here, so first decade. We had the highest grossing hotel room income for almost even for a small-to-medium size and the Venetian proved itself as the most profitable hotel ever. Now, we have two major holding operating companies. Seasons and MGM, both of which have significant debt and they don't have a big way to pay them off. Season's just got $22 billion, $24 billion. I guess their income just barely pays their debt service, so maybe it (inaudible). So they are trying to fill up all their rooms and get all bodies in to play the slots and to play in their casino. I don't necessarily blame them. I suppose if I were in that position, I might do the same thing. They need bodies in their casinos and they need bodies in their beds and the only way to get them is to buy the business by reducing the price and that brings down, my friend Steve and I wins and our a higher end properties, where they are either cutting us by large amounts. Of course, they don't have the quality. Well the Bellagio was good property. They don't have the numbers of rooms that we have at the high end of the market, so obviously if people want to bit of property. They will pay more for us. But they are trying to the second, that that we hear is their room pricing and trying reduce fee, trying to fill up their properties, so they could do something, that will pay off their excessive debt and they don't have the business model, we do, to sell off non-core assets and pay down all our debt. Vis-à-vis totally debt free, so that is the opportunity that we have and others don’t have and as long as they are in that position. They’re going to keep the run rates down. Hopefully they get out of it.
Daniel Briggs: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Yes, sir. Your final question today is from Ian Weissman with ISI Group. Please go ahead with your question.
Ian Weissman - ISI Group: Yes. Good afternoon. You guys gave timing on the opening of the Parisian. Was there any update on the table allocation and any concern about competing with four or five other projects going at the same time and labor shortages and getting those projects built on time?
Sheldon Adelson: Well, the government would not have given building permit to shift. They didn't think that they could allow the labor. And, right now there is been no change in our estimate. As a matter of fact, we moved a little fast because we are practicing to follow on trades practice like you do in building high rises. As soon you are finishd, the stroke, you come in with the MEP and you go through the flows et cetera, et cetera, and then you have one trade following the other, sequentially. We are doing that in the pilings. We have both board pilings and driven pilings, and what we are doing is taking corner of the pilings and we are putting the piling caps on as each of the pilings are completed. So, we are starting off the server foundation. You put the pile caps on and then you start the structure on top of that, so we are taking advantage of the opportunities to keep the fire labor that we had and trying to get it done even quicker.
Ian Weissman - ISI Group: That's helpful.
Sheldon Adelson: There is no news on cable allocation. We have always been, every company I have ever run in my lifetime, I have always been competitive. And, I could touch wood except my table is not wooden. But it's now a stone.
Ian Weissman - ISI Group: That's helpful. One last question. Just given the enormous success of the mall at the Marina Bay Sands, and it's a sort of in the early stages of the cycle of the mall. Maybe you could talk a little bit about the re-leasing spreads as the leases are coming due or you are turning tenants over. What type of line up lift that you are you getting?
Sheldon Adelson: I don't think I can answer that. I am not sure. Last time I have talked to our Head of Leasing, he was optimistic that, because the people who wanted more space, they want multi-level space. Like she now started up with two or three floors and put large identification, large signage and there are other tenants doing that, prouder and the other tenants. The Crystal Palace, or Crystal Pavilions was moving the ton is doing like over a $120 million sales, $120 million to $140 million. It's one of their best shops in the entire chain. So, our retail is going very well. I am certain that, look, we are gaining a base rent plus percentages and there are other developers that get base rent plus a 2 or 3 percentage on top of it, but they charge very high bets. We charge up to 18 percentage rate, so whether we get it new or we get it by increasing upon when leases expire. It doesn't make an average, because we are getting the percentage. It's we are doing very well. I am very happy we could sell them off. Look, their tone was the entire cost not just the mortgage.
Ian Weissman - ISI Group: Okay, Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Briggs - Vice President, IR Sheldon Adelson - Chairman and CEO Rob Goldstein - Executive Vice President and President, Global Gaming Operations Mike Leven - President and COO Ken Kay - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Joe Greff - J.P. Morgan Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley Shaun Kelley - Banc of America Securities Jon Oh - CLSA Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs Robin Farley - UBS
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Dia, and I will be the conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corp. First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I'll now turn the conference over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal Securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in these forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption forward-looking statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income, adjusted diluted earnings per share, adjusted property EBITDA and hold adjusted property EBITDA, hold adjusted, adjusted diluted earnings per share which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. We also want to inform you that we have posted supplementary earnings materials on our Investor Relations website for your use. With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Mr. Sheldon G. Adelson.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. (Inaudible) on your questions in a few minutes, we are obviously pleased with the all-time record quarterly financial results. Those results reflect strong revenue and cash flow growth and as I mentioned in our previous calls, the continued execution of our four strategic objectives to maximize shareholder value.  I would like to provide a progress report on those objectives now. One, maximize organic growth from our property portfolio. Two, additional growth by making new investments in our current markets to enhance growth. Two, identify new IR development opportunities in geographic areas outside of our current markets, and four, this is a good one. Increase the return on capital to shareholders.  First, organic growth. I will highlight our all-time record performance in Macao where industry leading investments and unrivaled scale of our properties have again enabled us to deliver growth -- market leading growth in the world’s largest and world’s profitability gaming market. Our mass table win in Macao for the quarter was up about 63.2% to record $863 million. A nine digit of capital investments in Macao were targeted to and designed to serve the mass table from the very beginning and have allowed us to live Macao market at EBITDA generation since we entered the market way back in 2004. Our market leading hotel, retail, convention, group meeting and entertainment office will allow us to continue to lead the Macao market in both revenues of mass gaming and an EBITDA generation for the foreseeable future. Also there is a rolling growth in Macao which was up 24.9% this quarter to record $41 billion. That represents VIP market share of approximately 17.4%, the Macao market growing projects, compared to just 12.6% one year ago. That’s a 38% increase of growing project.  Sands Cotai Central continues its steady ramp with both domestic slot businesses reflecting meaningful growth this quarter. We welcome a record $14 million business to our Macao properties in the quarter. If you annualize that, that means we are bringing in almost two visits for every official visit to Macao. So we get approximately 60 minute. If we get 60 minute visits in our properties, that means that we’re getting two visits each for each assuming 28 to 30 visitors to Macao. So each Macao visit is we’re experiencing two visits.  A fully enclosed pedestrian walkway with escalators and moving sidewalks has successfully interconnected our two Cotai properties enabling customers to move constantly moving between our properties and allowing them to enjoy the full array of amenities on properties throughout our entire property portfolio. That means you can go between almost 9000 rooms without (inaudible). It’s probably the only pedestrian bridge we are building sidewalls and air conditioned anyway. Interconnection of our properties contributing to enhanced financial performance today and as the hotel (inaudible) Sands Cotai Central because more productive and our Cotai Strip offerings continue to evolve. That interconnectivity should contribute meaningfully to our financial performance.  Now we are turning to base in Singapore, organic growth was again on display in our results, the record $18.2 billion in (inaudible) was up over 42% compared to last year and was the highest quarterly volume in the history of the Singapore market. If we helped 2.85% against that rolling items, we would have produced the EBITDA of $451 million this year at Marina Bay Sands. That is the strongest total financial performance in the history of the company. Again the growth was also displayed in our mass table room which was up 7% as visitors to Singapore continue to expand. Growth was also on display in our hotel revenues which were up 10% and our retail revenues which expanded 7%.  Let’s turn to strategic objective number two. Venetian Macao, (inaudible) Cotai Strip and our fifth in Macao overall is finally under construction. Construction is underway with add another interconnected integrated resort properties to our portfolio of the Cotai Strip. The highland construction is now underway and the podium and hotelco. Based on our construction schedule and subject to timely government approvals we’re still targeting the opening of the Venetian for late 2015. We’ve also submitted plans to the Macao government for the development of the 2 million square foot (inaudible) retail bar, just south of Sands Cotai Central and the east side of the Cotai Strip.  Moreover feature over 900,000 square feet of value oriented destination shopping event. As is specifically in the mass market, we commend the Macao (inaudible) carries the growth in the mass market and (inaudible) is the development of mass market targeted on gaming and primarily such as the proposed tropical dot retail.  Moving on to strategic objectives in our portfolio, (inaudible) integrated resorts of new markets and geographic areas. As you all know we are committed to identify new development opportunities (inaudible) and we are -- in that region. We have also made investigating office in the other parts. As we have previously discussed, in December of last year the government of the region passed legislation that outlined the regulatory framework to enable it to (inaudible). There are a variety of spec plus on development persons which continues to move them. Any investment would be (inaudible) receive government approvals and the finalization of the grants and incentive package that would enable investment as well as success in competitive enterprises. And this company largest shareholder. Our interests are aligned with yours. I have a vested interest that pursuing only the highest value projects that will maximize shareholder returns. Now to strategic objective number four, the return of capital to shareholders. We have now returned $4 billion of cash to our shareholders through dividends over the last five quarters, including nearly $3.4 billion to Las Vegas Sands shareholders and nearly $600 million to the non-LVS shareholders of Sands China. It is gratifying that we’ve now built our businesses and expanded their cash flows to the degree that we are able to return substantial funds to shareholders. We are retaining both a strong balance sheet and sufficient liquidity to fund future growth assets. We have very intention to increasing the return of dividend at both, Las Vegas Sands and Sands China in the quarters ahead and where business and cash flows continue to consistently grow. We will also consider -- seriously consider other avenues to return capital to shareholders in the future, including special dividends and the implementation of a stock repurchase program. Before moving to your questions, I want to highlight that our retail mall business in Asia continues to grow. We expect that growth to continue this year and to accelerate in the future, as we re-merchandised the mall in both Macau and Sands Bethlehem. Eventual sale of monetization of those assets will provide enhanced financial flexibility, including the potential to increase the return of capital to shareholders in the future. With our outstanding strategic position, we had strong operating momentum and the discipline of experienced leadership team we have in place to execute our strategy. I couldn’t be more optimistic about the future. Again, return of capital. With that, let me turn the call over to Mike to begin the Q&A session
Mike Leven: Thank you, Sheldon. Good afternoon, everybody. Operator, may we please have the first question?
Daniel Briggs: While the operator calls for questions, let me just ask everyone to keep your questions to one question and one follow-up to allow everybody to have an opportunity to participate. Thanks.
Operator: The first question will come from Joe Greff with J.P. Morgan.
Joe Greff - J.P. Morgan: Good afternoon, everybody. Question for all of you, maybe specifically for Rob. Singapore mass table and flat lines today showed a nice sequential on year-on-year uptick. I know you have been talking about getting the mass position correctly. Can you talk about what the drivers were for that performance and whether it’s the new hires that you’ve put in that market, whether you would be marketing differently with the help of the overall market? What specifically are you doing and how sustainable is that?
Robert Goldstein: Yeah, Joe. As you know, Singapore basically had it. It measures up for the first quarter of the previous year. We are back to a run rate of 4.6. The answer is two fold. On the slot segment, we continue to show weakness and that’s because slots were primarily driven by local market, which is not recovery. On the table side, we are growing again and that’s because the programs in place, both to accelerate new customers for building and also reactivate interesting database. So we are seeing a tale of two stores there. I think -- so we continue to see table growth. We are hoping to see more growth in the slot side as well, but they were back in a positive place in Singapore. And those important segments would be non-rolling and slot and ETG segment. And we are seeing some results to come out of the database reacting bigger -- reactivation of the database. They were seeing new customers as well. So we are happy to see it. We hope it continues and the team is adding people by the day. There should be 20 hires by the end of the year and I think we will see real growth in our segment in the quarters ahead.
Joe Greff - J.P. Morgan: Excellent. And then as my follow-up. Sheldon, would love to get your thoughts and recent views on some of the goings-on in Japan with respect to IR legislation, how real does it feel now versus some of the fits and starts that we have seen in the past?
Sheldon Adelson: Not sure, if you want to add some data for us.
Robert Goldstein: Thank you, Sheldon. There is a lot noise about Japan about 100 people in the legislature wanting to get legislation as early as November. The most recent conversations we’ve had, was that it looks like when it might appear. As of this morning there was another article that said that if the legislation passed it’s a one to two year process to get it ready to go in terms of selection of those particular companies in the news has been really us getting as two of the leaders in terms of looking at that marketplace. We hope it could move faster but essentially Japan, it’s a little more active than it has been because of the November situation although there is some talk -- there was some talk from Osaka about the possibility of moving that legislation up to summer. But that’s the knowledge today from the group is November looks like the time for the first legislation. 
Operator: The next question will come from Thomas Allen with Morgan Stanley. 
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley: On Sands Cotai Central, you can generally ramp up property as I think saying that you couldn’t do (inaudible) Venetian and just on the margins, I guess they are a little lighter than we had expected. Can you talk about how they should ramp? 
Rob Goldstein: I think to answer your question, I think it’s -- the Venetian obviously I think is performing the market, it’s ramping to 1.5 billion and I think that’s a little bit ambitious for SEC today’s current situation. However it does have -- it’s a different product -- you don’t have the teaming, there is teaming, nor the retail component, which I think is a primary drivers of foot traffic in Venetian, so record opening the market, how important -- Venetian gets disproportionate share of patient for the teaming traffic and retail and food offerings. Having said that obviously the biggest advantage that Cotai Central has is the room product and the diversity and size of rooms. So I believe it will ramp it. Two things have to happen, at Cotai, the Venetian comes from primarily mass tables and all three segments both these super three mass and pretty mass, mass tables that Sands Cotai has not gotten the kind of number that we do at the Venetian. They will ramp as the rooms filled, as you get more promotional and aggressive on that but clearly there is mass of opportunity prone to a number of -- it’s respectable but it could be a lot higher one unit per day.  The junket segment is the highest performing on our portfolio and (inaudible) get close to the Venetian numbers, it gets better and it gets smaller per quarter. The whole key of the Sands Cotai as I said the story is going to be still in the rooms, taking advantage of that 6000 key opportunities, the cross-over etc. At every comp is that SEC is a billion dollar EBITDA property in future. I don’t know they have reached the kind of numbers that Venetian is going to get to because they should keep growing, it looks to me it would grow a billion, 1.4 billion, 1.5 billion, 1.6 billion, it’s a phenomenal property and it sits on all cylinders. So SEC I do think is a $1 billion property and the primary driver will be that mass table segment. If we get that payment to 11,000, 12,000 Venetian does, will be $1 billion, and that’s the answer, I am not sure.
Sheldon Adelson: It’s Sheldon, on the (inaudible) but I can see head of the business. We are building and spending a few bucks on local store, what was formerly expected to be a theater, I think there is a lot of 40,000 square foot footprint and it was going to enlarge, we put the premium as dramatically since we originally branded property, Central does -- because that was the one we stopped and if you remember, in the middle of the -- or advent of the financial crisis, and that we decided not to (inaudible). So there was some premium mass market identified with such (inaudible) categories. Before we get less of cash, that is we are tools. However we are putting it on another similar 80 similar tables, pushing a 100% tables with taken (inaudible), we are not -- they are putting their under performing tables you got to use and increase revenue. So we are going to put -- as poll expanded this year, we got CapEx equivalent and that is going take about 10 months or so, maybe a little more, 10 and 12 months, and we really I think have stay...
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley: Correct. Yeah
Sheldon Adelson: So we’ve got about 10, 11 months here to go. And the delay in that is that we never put in, because we didn’t know when we are going to put in, we never put in pilings underneath that space. So we got to get the piling machine that we are already building and then put them to work and the excavation in piling machine, so that will take an extra period. So there is a lot of potential upside, filling up the rooms, getting more mass market, creating the capacity and putting the tables to recognize. I don’t know it will get to, where the Venetian is but as, he said the Venetian is in unique property, but I think it get to where the Venetian was before.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley: I agree.
Sheldon Adelson: And who knows what will happen over the long-term.
Rob Goldstein: Sheldon comment is great, because it reflect the, we want to be in the great, of course, it is.
Sheldon Adelson: Okay.
Rob Goldstein: Right. It’s an obvious.
Sheldon Adelson: That’s why you get the big bucks.
Rob Goldstein: So I think you should know the opportunities in the segment you reference the super premium and premium but also in the mass, mass will makes us unique at our company, is that, other people don’t have that capacity to grow, a mass, mass tables of Venetian are just extraordinary performers and we can get there, SEC is doing some very good things to have that property.
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Then just a quick follow up on the mass and premium mass in Macao, one of your competitor talked about how on the mass side they were seeing more customers purchasing chips at the cage instead of at the table, are you seeing something similar, I noticed high hold at the Venetian in the first quarter, was that kind of driving that? Thanks.
Rob Goldstein: Well, interesting question you raise because I heard the call on, I think the answer is simple, the cage drop is phenomenon we are experiencing in Macao, in most jurisdiction our cage drop, it’s about 25% of our drop and we certainly can give this numbers as well as the party entire drop program. We hold about 25% to 26% since we opened SCL, about 23%, 24% mass play at MBS. Case drop component we are clear about that that mostly impact the super premium and premium mass because you can’t buy renminbi back to the table, you can’t cash in renminbi at the table. It’s again foreign restriction. You have to buy the cage and that’s why that phenomenon happens. Also you can’t process the money easily to the small denomination so its cage function logistically works better that way. Having said that, we are very confident that across the entire portfolio we handle about probably this year about $14 billion, $15 billion consolidated, we hold about 25%, 26% of that. So we know the whole percentage. We know, where the customers buy the chips be it cage or tables on two sources. What we can’t take existing about is the customers move money between property or a segment. While Steve was referencing the difficulties knowing which segment they are losing and that affects that whole percent. But in the aggregate we do not know what that and it’s not confusion for us or anybody else in the marketplace. So the nice thing is as we keep growing drop we are getting to a point where can hold 25%, 26%, 27%, again it appears to be growing to business we can see us getting $4 billion of topline of this next year. So it’s a phenomenon because of the foreign exchange situation and the size of those.
Sheldon Adelson: And we are going to, our intent to continue ramping up in all property because they are going to wake up from sleeping and we're going to crack the whip on them.
Rob Goldstein: Right. Right. Good idea. Who is next? Did that answers your question
Thomas Allen - Morgan Stanley: Yeah. That was great. Thank you.
Rob Goldstein: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Shaun Kelley.
Shaun Kelley - Banc of America Securities: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. I guess my first question would be maybe a little bit around the three [region] I think, in the prepared remarks, Sheldon mentioned that, you are still targeting late 2015 opening, but I noticed on the CapEx schedule you actually brought down your target CapEx for this year. So could you just give us an update on if you broken ground, are you driving piles on the property kind of where that, I guess where the status of that project fits right now?
Sheldon Adelson: Well, I had a conversation with Mike Leven, Head of Development, yesterday, continues to be more and more impressive as time goes on. And Ed Cooper, who is a descendent of Cooper friend and Hollis, he says he's related to that. We said yesterday that the final challenge than we are at May 1, in June we are going to start the piling caps which is really think of it as the foundation, it’s like a mass foundation like we did this Venetian and we did the mass foundation in Vegas. And that’s -- think of it as the foundation -- we are not doing it on a gradual basis from one end to the other. And as soon as we finish in enough time lengths, we are putting (Inaudible) on it. As soon as we finish the bio-caps, we are going to start the structure. So it’s -- that was quite a bit of surprise to me, yesterday. And the two different types of power cap, there is forth concrete, we put a lot of concrete in it and then there is driven piles. There is no stone in the cast. So they are moving along on the tiles. And the date to open is 15th, I am cracking the list, trying to get the middle of 15. So we are not looking at always every way, (inaudible) always a shorter period, always shorter period.  Every month we don’t know but it’s the fruits of investment, we are losing, we could lose 15 million a month to start upward. So if we spend an extra 15 minutes you will accelerate the project, how many more months that we open faster, we get a big return out of those. 
Shaun Kelley - Banc of America Securities: And then I guess my follow up would be I guess also in the prepared remarks you talked a little bit about return on capital. So I guess the question that kind of comes to mind we get it from a lot of investors, I think once you see your competitors peers out the apple and it couldn’t happen those, $17 billion bond offering to help us capital to shareholders. So how do you guys think about target leverage and would be willing to put a timeline around next steps on the return on the capital initiatives.  But I am not prepared to show, it turns out the guys are adapt to cater but the early selective just closer. I can’t be honest that because I think this was not selected this quarter and so we are very actively considering it. It is on the table, we had lately discussed in the board meeting about it. We have a very positive attitude of doing this. It’s not -- we are not the -- but we are in that final stretch.
Rob Goldstein: I am not sure but we can talk to our capital markets guys -- 
Sheldon Adelson: I think we are at the point where we are discovering should we have a fixed amount for 10 years or should we have a flooding amount and buy off 50% of what we fixed the rates. So if we are at that point, we are getting close to it.
Operator: The next question will come from Jon Oh with CLSA.
Jon Oh - CLSA: I will start off with in Macao, could you give us some anecdotal updates on the visitation and spending trends from your customers, especially in the high end level, especially post the political position in China in March, what have we seen and what are you expecting in this golden week in May?
Rob Goldstein: I think Jon, one of the things we -- all the noise from the government seemed to be impacting what’s happening to what you see that in the first quarter. And I think what’s happened is the numbers from Macao come out I guess every week or so. We haven’t seen any impact whatsoever on any of the noise about the government. I think visitation is public, the amount of money that each person is spending seems to be more. The rooms have helped us. I think the Cotai Strip has helped everybody. So there has been no negative impact that we’ve seen so far this year. And I don’t see what the government has been saying that has really impacted us. Rob, may have other details on that but we have a big spread of market in all of our properties from the low limits to the high limits. And they all seem to be getting their appropriate share of the marketplace.
Rob Goldstein: John, it’s Rob. I think the number speak themselves in terms of the VIP demand or lack of demand in the marketplace. You can see that for yourself. I think our strength resides in mass and slot and ETG market. And I think those segments are growing very crazy and that couple of infrastructures are very, very strong story for us. So as we have 1000 tables opened and 5000 slot and ETG, and as I think our growth is tied for sure to be mass demand and our mass demand is staggering. As for VIP, time will tell. And we’re waiting to see how it plays out. But our opportunity, I think is in the mass and slot and ETG market short term. And we’ll ride, wave and see how the -- what the government, how that works out. But we’re very, very pleased with our growth. And it’s an important segment for us in profitability.
Jon Oh - CLSA: Great. That’s helpful. And if I can just ask for a follow-up on Singapore, you’ve seen two sequential quarters now where Rolling Chip, I believe is above $16 billion. But I can’t help in noticing also that it’s been four quarters in a row where you’ve been holding light at Singapore. Could you give us some sense of what’s actually going on in the VIP space? Are we going to be experiencing less volatility in Rolling Chip? And should we at some point expect some normalization of whole -- I know, it’s very difficult question but four quarters in a row, what’s actually happening in there?
Mike Leven: Customers keep winning and so a deep analysis. Very candidly, it’s frustrating for us because these volumes are terrific. It’s a mathematic-driven model, isn’t it? And in the end, we let people bet $1 million a hand. Sometimes they get lucky, sometimes we get lucky but it’s been disappointing because you normalize it and we fully believe will normalize. Our team has looked at it every which way you can over there. And one of these quarters, in fact, one of these years will hold 3-2-3-3. We have absolutely no concern about that whatsoever. We’ve been through this before. Last year in Las Vegas we held -- abysmally going to change these. People say oh my God, the Chinese people are winning and there is some capital gains than we held something like 45% next quarter. So we’re very pleased with our growth in Singapore. Again, it’s a very cash-driven market. One quarter shouldn’t be a predictor of the next quarter but we’re very happy with getting $18.2 billion, our best quarter ever. So I’m very pleased on that. And we’re also complete believer in the mathematical indications on the game. So no trepidation concern whatsoever. It will normalize and be what should be by the end of the year.
Sheldon Adelson: I don’t know, John. It’s Sheldon. I don’t know whether or not, our overall strategic approach to the Singapore market has an effect on it. Maybe you could figure it out. We think bets up to a billion Singapore dollars.
Mike Leven: We’re crazy just like that.
Sheldon Adelson: A billion.
Mike Leven: No, a million.
Sheldon Adelson: Guys who have change of a billion will pick that too. We -- that's what I said everybody when I get solicitation calls for charities. I say have you got a change of a billion. If you do, contribute. The point is I don’t know since nobody has ever done this before. Nobody has ever figured out the mathematics. If we think a billion -- a million dollar bet, a lot of million bets, now certainly not everybody does it and not every better will bet a million in every end. But it may have a direct impact on the percentage. Nobody has figured that out yet.
Rob Goldstein:  We are holding to stick to lifetime, John and I think when it’s all said and done, it will be over 280 at the end of this year and next. It’s going to turnaround as it’s always does. Las Vegas is doing this for long time. At Las Vegas, we’ve been working for 13 years. We hope about 25%, 26% on the high end of that rate. I assume it’s normalizing, will be just fine in Singapore.
Sheldon Adelson: It is the most profitable building in the history of buildings. Not even the pyramids or any monumental but…
Rob Goldstein: In a rolling program?
Daniel Briggs: Anything else, John?
Jon Oh - CLSA: All right. That’s great. Congratulations. Thank you.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks John.
Operator: The next question will come from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Just seeing on Singapore for a moment, on the VIP side, is there any way to tell what percentage of strong growth was generated by newly acquired players and also just wondering where they are from, are they still mainly Chinese?
Rob Goldstein: Majority of business comes out of Singaporean, Chinese or mainland Chinese, yes, majority, over probably 70% is mainland or Chinese people who bought a second home or POS in Singapore. However we get a lot of players of Indonesia, some very strong business out of Indonesia and some great business out of Malaysia as well. So it’s still predominantly mainland coupled with the POS. 
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: No, I recognize that -- I know that you have been on a program to obviously grow that base of players, so just wondering if you are seeing some more diversification.
Rob Goldstein: We are seeing diversification primarily in the non-rolling segment, biggest growth of new customers have been in non-rolling segment. We have seen new business out of Indonesia, mainland for sure. But again I caution is that it’s still a very concentrated market for rolling segment. The diversification and growth under the new customers is primarily resides in the non-rolling segment.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And so I guess to the predictability question that’s just going forward in terms of -- main concentrated number on the VIP, correct?
Rob Goldstein: Yes, the main concentrated and again I would caution you that 18 next quarter, I mean 22 and we did that a couple of years ago, because it’s not an easy predictor. We could see us $19 million, would also be $13 million. Citing the figures first quarter always is pretty strong. I think that’s as much as we said upfront.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And then switching gears quickly to Macao, your growth in the mass table win was impressive, I am sure we are going to see that continue to grow, you’ve configured of course, given that base per se, just wondering how competitive is the market right now in the mass table side, are you seeing any of your competitors getting more aggressive?
Rob Goldstein: I think it’s competitive, obviously it’s three segments there. Our strength is on pure mass which is -- we have because of our table size and capacity I think we dominate that segment. Pre-mass and super pre-mass are obviously very competitive. I don’t think it’s become unreasonable or overly incentive, we find it, still a very high margin 38, 39% margin business for us. So I don’t think it’s unreasonable. Any time you see a business growing adapted strongly with those ridiculous year on year comparisons, you are going to see competitive, very smart people, and Macao worked very hard, I think the (inaudible) people especially in Galaxy, MGN, all compete with that segment. However we have not seen unreasonable incenting and have not seen a -- we still -- I haven’t spent a lot of money in that segment and let’s be clear it is a growth engine in Macao because it makes you large EBITDA.  So our goal is to re-segment the Four Seasons gain more, with 14,002 for people in the Four Seasons. We want to re-segment that, be lot more aggressive in that mass table market and I see pretty mass table market. We want to grow our business especially the SCC, with real estate business out of Venetian, the number of tables, I mean we could see -- we could win $1 billion in the future out of the mass tables alone with the Venetian is extraordinary. I am also pleased downturn, the fancy, take a new approach downtown and I think to make $100 million a place to approach its 10th anniversary is pretty extraordinary too. But there is work ahead of us. We are not -- it’s happening 10,200, for table appears that I believe there is material upside this company and years ahead Macao in the mass table segment. 
Operator: The next question will come from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank. 
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank: Sheldon, obviously you outlined a couple strategies for capital deployments in your remarks earlier. But the one thing that you didn’t mention and as I looked through your release for a couple of quarters in a row, now you guys have just done a nice job breaking out the details of some of your Macao obviously be retail opportunities etc. Has there been a lot of thoughts, within maybe some strategic decision making around them as a source of capital?
Sheldon Adelson: Yes, there has been. We don’t say to look at opportunities. The problem with that is we keep growing more than what we expect. We really haven’t stabilized because we continue to enjoy robust growth. And we certainly don’t want to sell it if we could get through 30, 35% growth potential of what we expect to the final year, it’s just doing very well and I am not sure that we could ever stabilize and slowdown the growth to the point where it stabilize until we open all the retails, so we have the Parisian retail, we have the Tropical Garden retail, that standalone mall which is the government is very excited about because they want our gaming development. It’s almost three times the size of the Parisian mall. So we’ll have quite a bit of retail connected without leaving an air-condition space. We just opened up I don’t know either it’s 16 mall retail shops of multiple levels in Sands Cotai Central, it’s still there, we can convert that almost any day that we want but there is no reason to sell it, one if we don’t need the money, and two it continues to grow at a much greater rate than what we can expect in a short-term after ramp (inaudible) and reinvesting the money. So we -- I think this I haven’t added up lately but there was $8 billion to $10 billion of profits coming out of the sale of the malls that is a very, very strong collaboration of the original business model that jumped up a long time ago. The problem with some of our competitors is somebody at Mandalay bay tried to copy our business model and convention-based market but they never got to retail of that. The retail and the partners, the retail itself because really pay the cost of our core assets of the hotel casino and luxury suites and entertainment. So (inaudible) where we continue to grow more than what we can reinvest the money too.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank: That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Sheldon Adelson: Welcome.
Operator: The next question will come from Steve Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Hi. Good afternoon. I am just looking at your slide on 18 of 41 where it says our focus on Singapore: increasing visitation to Singapore, which will drive growth at MBS and then identifying high value customers throughout the region and bringing them to MBS. I just want to be clear on the first point, increasing visitation to Singapore, is that just a broad tourism initiative that you are going to embrace and especially on the mass side where you’re seeing those customers coming from and are you putting your sales force into some of the East Asian countries to get that traction? But I just try to understand sort of what those that focus on Singapore and what you are really trying to do, is it mass, is it abroad, tourism push, is it sending your own people out into some of the Southeast Asian countries to get people into your casinos?
Rob Goldstein: Well, Steve from the gaming side it’s clearly a very clear focus on the premium mass gaming customers and the goal here from our respective is to build team and we’ll go with that team everyday of people that went to JP, Malaysia, Indonesia, Jakarta, Tokyo, Thailand and Vietnam, and find better premium customers and bring them to MBS to gamble it’s pretty black and white. The same way that. We saw that business grow terrifically from the opening in Singapore and then it fell off as the -- as was illustrated by the government. So our goal is to build that business back up and that’s why we’ve $4.6 million and then our goal is get back to even higher run rate. So clearly we want to go to the tourist side as opposed to Singaporean gambling and I think its payoff and we have descent number from the quarter, we have growth opportunity, our goal is to build a big sales team which does not focus only going directly rather premium customers. So that’s definitely direction. Okay. On the call.
Sheldon Adelson: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: The next question will come from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS: Thanks, yeah. Can you quantify definition that with Paiza renovation kind of what percentage of your VIP tables were kind of out of service in Q1 and maybe also in Q2 just to get a sense of that and is that what attributes I guess small decline in Venetian while this was tied into the Paiza renovations.
Rob Goldstein: Okay. The last second part we lost, second part of that question.
Robin Farley - UBS: Sorry. Did you, I think, the disruption from the Paiza renovation that also impacted things on the slot side at Venetian as well the declines there?
Mike Leven: Obviously, any time you have renovations, it doesn't help. But I still think on the Venetian -- Venetian and Macao, for the quarter we still did 320 wins per unit per day which I think is acceptable from our perspective. It’s not -- we were 357 in the previous quarter but that we held a bit later. So we’re pleased that wherever slots are at and ETGs. And our entire mass and table mix as well. So we’re happy with that. As far as VIP table, obviously we traded down a bit there in the volume. Disruption in terms of the renovation, it's to some extent, yeah but still 30,000 wins per deal per day, we’re happy with that, very happy with our normalized profit which was very, very strong. And again, overall take on the Venetian is any time you have renovation, there's some disruption in visitation. But overall, we just think Venetian. Again VIP tables, rolling volume was excellent, 30,000 win per day. Our mass table is incredibly strong with a lot of tables on the floor. The land is very good. I think we’re very pleased with decent settings. I think Venetian are brilliant (inaudible). So, yes some disruption but overall not material.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. Great. And I don’t think you guys have commented about the order routines that was announced. And I wonder, if you could just, sort of, given a color on how quickly you think you have onboard as a new auditor?
Ken Kay: Yeah. It’s Kenneth. There’s really not much to talk about there. It’s pretty straightforward. As I talked about before, no disagreements, no reportable events behind us and we’re very engaged in the process of selecting a new firm. And I would think within the next 30 days or so, we should be able to announce new firm.
Robin Farley - UBS: And did you say in the next 30 days?
Ken Kay: Approximately.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. Great. And then just last only, is this the first write-off had in Singapore. I just --I don’t recall, previous one when I just -- a little color on that.
Ken Kay: Yeah.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. Any color around that or..?
Rob Goldstein: No. I think as we go through the kind of typical ageing in the collection process, we get to the point where some of them are uncollectible either as the bankruptcy situations are, players being deceased and such and so when we get to the end of the road, there is actually no possibility of our pursuit of collection for those reasons, we end up just writing off the balance.
Robin Farley - UBS: Would this serve a cumulative with them or was it primarily just driven by one write-off?
Rob Goldstein: No, we feel we got through it, all of the accounts and so. It wouldn’t have been one that would have just been those that had got to the point where we saw that there was actually no possibility that we can just charge that amount against the reserve.
Ken Kay: It’s pretty typical in any market say in Las Vegas, say in Macau. At some point, people pass away or are bankrupt and they are not going to pay you quite. We write that off. I don’t think it’s And all this are typical. As Singapore matures, you have more of this.
Rob Goldstein: And those are direct filing the long. This is on page 28 of the debt. It’s on our website and the number is $11 million that was written off.
Robin Farley - UBS: $11 million, I was asking. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we’ve reached the end of allotted time for the Q&A portion of today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-30 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. Briggs - Vice President of Investor Relations Sheldon Gary Adelson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Chairman of Las Vegas Sands Llc, Chairman of Sands China Ltd and Chief Executive Officer of Las Vegas Sands Llc Michael Alan Leven - President, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, Director, Chairman of Advisory Committee, Acting Chief Executive Officer of Sands China Ltd, President of Las Vegas Sands LLC and Chief Operating Officer of Las Vegas Sands LLC Robert G. Goldstein - Executive Vice President and President of Global Gaming Operations Kenneth J. Kay - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Dustin, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corp. Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I'll now hand the call over to our host, Mr. Daniel Briggs, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Daniel J. Briggs: Thank you. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal Securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption forward-looking statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS, adjusted property EBITDA and hold adjusted property EBITDA, which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. We also want to inform you that we have posted supplementary earnings slides in our Investor Relations website for your use. With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Mr. Sheldon G. Adelson.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Thanks, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Joining me on the call today are Mike, Rob, Chris and Ken and we look forward to addressing your questions in just a few minutes. Well, we had a record quarter. On a hold adjusted basis, we generated $1.1 billion in EBITDA and $0.63 of earnings per share. But first, I would like to provide a progress report and execution of our 4 principal strategic objectives: One, deliver organic growth from our existing property portfolio; two, deliver additional growth through new investments in our current markets; three, identify new Integrated Resort development opportunities in geographic areas outside of our current markets of Macau, Singapore, Las Vegas and Pennsylvania; and four, increase the return of capital to shareholders. I like that one. First -- first, organic growth. I will highlight our record performance in Macau, where our industry-leading scale and infrastructure investments enable us to deliver robust market-leading growth in the world's largest and most profitable gaming market. For the quarter, our market share growth gaming revenue in Macau was 21.1%, up from 15.5% last year. That's a 36% growth in [indiscernible]. Rolling volume was up 37.1% this quarter to a record $39 billion. That represents VIP market share of approximately 18% of rolling volume for the quarter, compared to just 12.8% 1 year ago. That's a 40% increase in market share growth rolling volume. Equally impressive is our strong growth and momentum in the last market in Macau. Due to its higher-margin structure, this segment is far more important to our future cash flow and bottom line results. That doesn't mean that we're going to ignore the VIP or any other segment, but we just want to point out that this is -- got a very, very robust potential. Our mass table win in Macau for the quarter was up a whopping 52.6%, or more than USD 769 million, another company record. Our unrivaled strength in this segment allows us to lead the pack in EBITDA generation in the Macau market to date, as we always have. Looking ahead, our revenues and our portfolio of Integrated Resorts on the Cotai Strip in Macau, featuring dining, retail, entertainment and the hotel room capacity so vital to serving the mass gaming segment, uniquely position us to deliver strong cash flow growth in Macau. Our mass table game productivity again improved meaningfully this quarter, with win per mass table per day across our portfolio of properties expanding by over 33% to reach a record USD 9,716 per day. Our mass win per table per day was a record at every property in our portfolio, with the Four Seasons increasing 68% and The Venetian Macao increasing 47.8%. Wow, I'm full of figures today. Sands Cotai Central continues in February, with the mass table and slot businesses each reflecting meaningful growth this quarter. Total mass wins per day, which includes revenue per mass table games, electronic table games and slot machines, increased by 65.4% compared to the quarter ended September 30. We welcomed over 15 million visitors to our Cotai Strip properties in the fourth quarter, including over -- this is whopping, over 5 million in the month of December alone. When you annualize that, we're coming to twice -- now, every visitor to Macau came in at least twice. We recently opened a fully enclosed climate controlled, pedestrian walkway with escalators and moving sideways to promote greater interaction of and accessibility between our Cotai Strip property. The pedestrian walkway links Sands Cotai Central and its almost 6,000 hotel rooms on the east side at the Cotai Strip, with The Venetian Macao and Four Seasons on the west side, promoting easier access between all our Cotai Strip properties. And as additional amenities mature, including the 2,100 new Sheraton hotel rooms and the additional gaming capacity that came online earlier this week, and as the massive infrastructure projects are going toward China, making it easier for more people residing outside Guangdong province to efficiently and conveniently reach Macau. We believe our interconnected Cotai Strip properties will comprise an ideal platform for growth in the world's largest and most profitable gaming market. Stepping back to the opening of the pedestrian crossway between the east side of the strip and the west side of the strip, we have, as expected, increased the retail sales in the first week or 2, the first couple of weeks of, I think, almost the whole first month by about 45% on the second floor of the Four Seasons. It's also increased the first level, and we significantly increased the retail sales on Cotai Central on the first, second and third quarters. Turning to [indiscernible], which provides additional value for the stores, when we get to the point of monetization of our retail assets. Turning to the Marina Bay Sands in Singapore, the USD 16.5 billion enrolled is the second highest quarterly total on record and missed setting the property record by only a slim margin. If we held 2.85% against that rolling volume, we would've produced EBITDA of $406 million this quarter at Marina Bay Sands. Let's turn to strategic objective #2, development growth in our gaming markets. In Macau, we will also develop The Parisian, which will be our fourth Integrated Resort property on the Cotai Strip in Macau. The Parisian will add another interconnected Integrated Resort property to our portfolio on the Cotai Strip. We've received the requisite government approvals and we've now started construction of The Parisian. Our site preparation work is now underway. We're targeting the open of The Parisian for late 2015. Let's turn to strategic objective #3, the government of Integrated Resorts in new markets and geographic areas. We're committed to identifying and executing our new development opportunities in Asia. And as we've had teams on the ground for some time in Japan, Korea and Vietnam. And we will continue to work on these promising markets. We've also been investigating our facilities also around the globe, including Europe, North America and South America. In December, the government of the region of Madrid passed legislation that outlines a regulatory framework to enable Integrated Resort development in the Madrid region. There are a variety of step floods in the development process, which continues to move forward. As we've said in the past we will only pursue projects with EBITDA returns in excess of 20% on investment. As the company's largest shareholder, I naturally have a vested interest of pursuing only the highest [indiscernible] projects that will maximize shareholder returns. Your interests and my interests are aligned. Turning to strategic objective #4, return on capital to shareholders. The board and I were pleased to be able to return nearly $3.1 billion of cash to our shareholders through dividends in 2012. This gratified that we have now built our business in cash flows and strengthened our balance sheet with the belief that we were able to return such substantial sums, while retaining sufficient liquidity to fund our promising future growth opportunities. We have every intention of increasing the recurring dividend in the years ahead, hopefully in a month, and our business and cash flows steadily grow. Before moving to your questions, I want to point out an asset of the company that we will continue to highlight, our retail mall business and engine. We generated over $128 million in revenues. That's a 16.9% increase over the results from 1 year ago. Net operating income reached a record $110 million in the full year. We believe our range in retail mall assets are among the most valuable retail assets in the world and at cap rates for similar assets in Asia, could easily approach $9 billion to $10 billion in revenue. Eventual sale or monetization of those assets, which is an important component of our fundamental business strategy, will fill our coffers and allow us to greatly increase the return of capital to shareholders in the future. In closing, let me emphasize my confidence about the future of our company. With our outstanding strategic positioning and a disciplined experienced leadership team we have in place to execute our strategy, I couldn't be more optimistic about the future. So with that, let me turn the call over to Mike to begin the Q&A session.
Michael Alan Leven: Thank you, Sheldon. Operator, may we please have the first question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to see if I could start by asking about Singapore. It looks like the volumes there were very strong. Could you give us any color about just the trend that you guys saw across the quarter, how Western new year looked and just kind of what you guys saw at the rebound, particularly on the VIP side that drove that big number?
Robert G. Goldstein: Shaun, it's Rob Goldstein. We -- obviously a good quarter on the volume side, as far as the rolling segment. I would caution you that it's a very concentrated market. We're not sitting next to mainland China and so again remains concentrated, but we're seeing -- obviously, happy with the results in terms of the volume. More important, from my perspective, is the mass -- the non-Rolling and the slot ETG number was, I think, a nice balance from the bottom. Our high was 4.6 a day. We were north of 4.4 a day and we see recovery there, which I think that's more -- to me, it's more important, to us a long-term opportunity. That represents $1.1 billion of departmental income annualized. So to me, the rolling volumes will continue to vacillate. We could see some real growth, or we could see diminishing -- depends on the players that visit that quarter. But to me, the critical part of Singapore was the bounce-back up to a number above 4.4 a day. And I hope we can trend back up. As we've mentioned previously, we have a sales team and a strategy in place to address the premium mass, because we drive that premium mass from a tourist perspective and not be -- depend on local Singaporeans, I think, will bode very, very well in the future, in Singapore. Clearly, a $400 million normalized quarter is a damn good quarter. We're very happy with the numbers.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And just one more knit on that, the $400 million does not adjust for the $24 million, so we would probably add that back on a recurring basis as well, correct?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: That's correct.
Robert G. Goldstein: That's correct.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And then switching over to Macau, obviously, some really impressive property level margin numbers. I think that the question that we're getting from folks is just, as we look forward here, you guys look like you're really starting to take some share, just any sense you can give to us about how you're kind of seeing customer behavior maybe starting to look at things more like bookings as we think about Chinese New Year and looking a little bit ahead here given just how strong the rebound seems to have been in December and into January?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Even our new property we opened 2 days ago is 100% full for the new Sheraton Towers of 2,100 rooms approximately. It is completely booked for China and all the properties are booked.
Robert G. Goldstein: Shaun, we should take share. We've got the best products there to take share because we have the most rooms, the most gaming space and look, we're in a very fortunate position, having enormous exposure in Macau, and we should take share. At our retail, our footprint, both in Cotai and the peninsula, we're in a very privileged position. So yes, we're very happy in the quarter, but we think the best is ahead of us. Look, it's an extraordinary market from any perspective, the best in the world. We've got the most exposure there as far as gaming positions, retail space, sleeping rooms. So to Sheldon's point, it just keeps getting better. As you know, the greatest predictor of a mass gamers place to gamble is where he sleeps and in our case, with all these new rooms, we are in position -- we should be taking share and doing very, very well in the future, and we're very fortunate, obviously, at not just the mass, but the premium mass going our way as well. So we feel very bullish about what we did last quarter in Macau.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: [indiscernible] everybody, except the homeless.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. I guess the last one for me would be just a big picture strategic question, but you did bring up the -- in your prepared comments, the retail space. Could you -- any timeline or any sense of timing you guys could give to us about how you're thinking about that? I mean, I think generically, we've heard in the past that you did want to get Cotai Central probably ramped up a bit further on the retail side before you looked, to do, maybe, something more strategic. But any color or glimpse you guys could give to us on that?
Michael Alan Leven: Shaun, we've made no decision in terms of the timeline for a retail disposal. I think as ramp ups take place both in Singapore and Macau, they're always under consideration. We are getting our work done organizationally for when the time comes so that we'll be prepared for whatever disposal matter will take place. But there's no real indication now. We have still a long way to go in terms of building that business and we're seeing very significant increases in retail still in Macau. And of course, the other thing is that we are planning to do an additional shopping center in Macau, which is subject to government approval. Those plans are being submitted as we speak. So there's a long way to go before we'd actually put it on the marketplace.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: That piece of land that we're talking about, putting up a standalone retail mall, a big one, with over 800,000 net regular square feet, and potentially another 300,000-plus in The Parisian net. The only question, at least in my mind right now, is whether or not we'll see a change in the cap rates coming up in front of us, because that would motivate us to move quicker, or should we wait until we put up the new mall in The Parisian before we sell all the retail in Macau. We can also make a deal that we sell the current retail, the Four Seasons, the Grand Canal shops and shops in Cotai Central. And then with an understanding that somebody else will buy -- somebody will buy with a predetermined cap rate and a certain EBITDA number. The new mall, by the way, we already own the land to the mall, already own it. And we don't have to worry about getting a new piece of land.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I have a couple of Singapore questions put a little bit differently. Rob, you mentioned Singapore Rolling Chip is still a concentrated area. Is it getting less concentrated by looking at either geographic sources or number of players? And the big volume increase relative to what we're expecting on the Rolling Chip, is that more players or is that more wagering per player? And then I have a couple of follow-ups on mass and credit.
Robert G. Goldstein: It all remains unchanged. It's -- again, you're down in a different part of the world. We're really dependent on mainland Chinese, Indonesians and Malaysians, as well as PRs from Singapore. But I would say that it's a very concentrated market, and unfortunately, I don't see that growing as quickly on the spread of customers. We want to see it grow, that's our intent. That's our design of our program. But frankly, no, I don't see a lot of change quarter-on-quarter to tell you otherwise. I do see a changing on the premium mass segment. I think we're seeing significant movement. I think our team there is starting to unearth some opportunities outside of -- we want to move to a more tourist-based segment in the mass, premium mass, and again, I think, that's where I think there's real growth potential to add more customers, add a more desirable mix of people.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that partially answered my second question on Singapore. Looking at the slide...
Robert G. Goldstein: As you know, Joe, I'll be redundant here, is that, that segment, from my perspective, that's where the real -- because of the margins and all that, the opportunities there are much more material to us than the Rolling segment.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Did you guys see a tangible benefit in the fourth quarter from some of the new hires that are trying to target that higher frequency premium mass gamer?
Robert G. Goldstein: I wouldn't say we saw a tangible benefit. I think we're starting to see it in the first quarter. I think we'll see it progressing throughout this year. Frankly, we're doing 2 things, we're revisiting our database in the premium mass, but also opening offices in -- and I think you'll see that progressively in 2013. I do think there's real opportunity to grow this segment materially as we get into '13 and '14. I think this is a very good move for us. It's very fortunate we're doing this and I think that's where our big upside in the short term is.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got it. In the slide deck, on the slide deck on your website, you have the slide regarding Singapore and credit collections. One thing there maybe you could help to answer, is the aging of those credit collections. Are you seeing improvements there, i.e., or are you seeing the older credit outstanding starts to come down? Or is it the relatively newer issued credit that's in that collections number more recently?
Robert G. Goldstein: It's a mixed bag. I mean, I don't think it's -- I wouldn't characterize it either way. There are some aging issues in Singapore, because when we found that market like Las Vegas, is that customers will go somewhere else, that they want to wait longer to pay. So it's a longer cycle than we ever anticipated. On the other hand, we collected $377 million in the fourth quarter, which is up significantly than the previous 2 quarters. I feel our balance is pretty good right now with our receivable mix versus our -- we've taken the balance again in terms of -- or near for us, reserves have grown significantly, but now we're at a point where we feel much more comfortable. I wouldn't characterize, I'd be clear at this, Singapore is the most challenging credit market from a perspective of, a, highly concentrated; b, very little legal help in the region to collect; and c, there's no junket buffer. So as I said in the past, I remain optimistic but cautious. You're giving away a lot of credit to a smaller number of people and you don't have the legal remedies you have here in the U.S. It still remains a challenge. I don't want to represent that it's easy, it's not, but we're seeing nice collections. We keep ramping them up. I think we're in a much more balanced place vis-à-vis questions and are -- what we've done in the last 12 months. I think it was the right approach.
Kenneth J. Kay: And the one thing I'd add to that is, we've issued a big number in terms of credit drop, almost $13 billion. We've collected almost $12 billion of that. So when you think of it in terms of kind of size of issue, as we talked about in the past, any collection issues we have are really specific to isolated accounts as opposed to systemic problems across the portfolio. And our receivable balance now, if you back out the open programs, it's about almost 30% of -- the reserve is almost about 30% of the receivable balance. I think we're in pretty good shape as we talked about before. That number will continue to grow a little bit, but we're getting up there where it will get to that 35% or so, which we think will be about a stabilized reserve percentage in relation to receivable balance. So...
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Would you say on average that you're seeing collections on average shorter to collect and are you seeing the average aging come down as well, or has it been pretty consistent?
Kenneth J. Kay: No, I think that collections have been very consistent. I think that the issue with regard to the aging is just those kind of -- those isolated accounts that are problems. So those obviously age out until we get collections on that. But the vast majority of it is pretty consistent from a collections standpoint. And if you look out kind of going back over the last, I don't want to call it 8 to 10 quarters, when you get out about 6 months and you look back in terms of our collections, we collect about 95% to 97% of the amounts that are outstanding. So it's those things that are in essence problems that end up aging longer. But I don't think it's really the bulk of the accounts. The bulk of the accounts are collected within, in essence, that first 6 months. The majority of them are even shorter than that, but after 6 months, we're about in 95% to 97% collected.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. And then switching over to Macau, and this will be my final question, you referenced in the fourth quarter, at The Venetian Macau, there's some renovation disruption from the work that you're doing at Paiza club, do you think you were able to kind of capture that business at your other properties, or were you able to -- are you able to quantify the net impact there? And in fact, what may have been even a stronger quarter in Macau absent those 29 fewer active rolling tables.
Robert G. Goldstein: I think it's hard to quantify, Joe. The one nice thing, though, now -- I haven't been there this month. The one nice thing about it is that you can now access across that bridge right into Four Seasons, right next [indiscernible]. So I think you get a lot more access. So people are comfortable with The Venetian, they couldn't find a place to play. I think we have a hard time quantifying. But anytime -- you can see the numbers we're doing, The Venetian is the most potent product in Macau. It's hitting on all cylinders, all gaming segments, lodging, retail. The scale and the theme they are building just translates well in the market. And no matter where the Macau market goes, the Venetian will participate. So I think it's by far the most important part of our portfolio right now and I don't think that 29 tables had a major impact either way. I do think The Venetian, as it gets more tables on the floor, and these numbers coming up at the mass and the VIP, I mean the balance in The Venetian is staggering to me. It's just the most balanced product in Macau by far, and our results speak to that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First, Ken, should we no longer use for Singapore this range of hold of 2.7 to 3, which is I think historically what we've been assuming, because essentially over the past 11 periods, you've been all over that and I think it's only 1 in 11 where you've come in there. And I understand the issues, but should we just start to widen out the range? Is that how you're starting to think about the hold percentage in Singapore? Or will at some point start to narrow down? And then second question, $24 million property tax assessment. I'm sorry if I've missed that. What is that for in Singapore? And then finally, expansion, in particular, the hotel stock, at some point you've talked about trying to do something with that?
Kenneth J. Kay: Well, let me just talk to the normalization. I'm sure Rob will want to comment on that and the property tax and then I'll turn it over to Rob. But I think that 2.7 to 3 range is still inappropriate. The kind of range that -- for Singapore and when we normalize, we use the midpoint of the range. With regards to the property tax, the issues that we've got to -- basically at the very end of the year, we got an additional assessment from the government of about $24 million. At least 1/3 of that pertains to 2011. The balance pertains to 2012. We're still going through that to see what it pertains to, but certainly, the balance of the $13 million that's specific to 2012 doesn't all belong in that fourth quarter. It would have to be spread basically ratably over the year. So obviously, it was impactful to our fourth quarter numbers. And part of it, as I said before, doesn't even pertain to 2012.
Robert G. Goldstein: Steve, it's Rob. On the range, I wouldn't change a thing. Since we opened the property, I don't know if you noticed, but our life to date since the day we opened in 2010 is 2.7% and it will remain a 2.73% property. The only one thing different in Macau and Singapore is the volumes, obviously, in Macau are deeper and the player base is deeper, but when it's all said and done, we're at 2.7% even after experiencing a horrific year this year on a few small customers who still -- the math is the math is the math and in the end, those people who won some money will come back and lose it back. It isn't that complicated. I wouldn't change a thing. I would leave you a range of 2.7% to 3% because you're in the range. After all, there's -- after all the bad quarters...
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So even though the quarter's -- what you're saying then, and it's truly you're saying is that they all offset each other. So from the 2.18% to the 3.34%, so 3.58%, they all offset. And you're saying, when you add them all up, it comes out right to 2.7% or so?
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes, it's 2.7% and Macau, it's over 3%. And frankly, it's going to be -- I also I think this will be -- I think in Singapore -- here's my bet, if you have a lot of Asian people betting a lot of money for a lot of time, you're going to do just fine. In Las Vegas, we're at The Venetian, Palazzo, we've handled billions of dollars. We're holding 27% lifetime here. It's the greatest market in the world with the greatest gamers. I wouldn't worry one bit about it. The math will prove out just fine. One quarter will kind of hold 4.5% on one of these quarters and be back up to 3%. It's just the business we're in.
Michael Alan Leven: I'll take the expansion question, Steve. It's Mike. We have -- we've been talking about tower 3, putting a new VIP facility up there for some period of time. I was in Singapore just a few weeks ago and we're in the -- we did receive requests for information from the government, from certain government agencies, about putting more details on the request, which we are now submitting. But I don't expect you'll see something like that happen because there's about 1 year construction period where it would happen. As far as additional rooms are concerned and additional buildings, we've had some conversations, but nothing is quite moving forward at this point. So in terms of projections and what have you, I would not feel comfortable that you would have projections of that for some period of time. And we'll give you updates as soon as we get them, but the construction periods would be really a year to the tower and probably considerably more than that for the room addition and the building addition. Let me just add one other thing. We're investing significant capital in the building now, doing more facility work inside the casino in the Ruby room and others, redoing it, expanding it, making it better. So there are capital investments going into the building, which will expand our capabilities when inside. So those are different than the room additions that we've been talking about.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: We also -- we've also applied to the government to build another tower, the lots, the available lots, that are unused at this time and they're right abutting our [indiscernible] and we're hoping to get approval to -- we don't know how long it will take, to put in some more ballroom space, some more exhibition space and another 1,400 to 1,500 rooms, because they're running at such high room occupancy. But we don't have any sign that it's eminent. We don't have any signs that it's far away. But Singapore moves at its own pace and we'll just have to wait until they give us an okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Switching gears back to Macau, your table efficiency improved nicely in the quarter, it's obviously been a goal of yours, so that's been great to see. Just wondering if you could discuss some things that you're doing to continue to drive table efficiency in the market. And if you could, perhaps Rob, this is a question for you, just discuss your plans to improve/grow your premium mass presence in the market?
Robert G. Goldstein: Sure. Thanks for the compliment. We feel making progress. I think Ed and David have just done a terrific job and our goal over there is to make all our tables work harder. To your point, the only prop that we have that we feel very balanced with right now, despite our great results is The Venetian. I mean, the win for us, both on the premium mass, mass and the junket are just terrific. And we feel the balance is really right at the Venetian and that's why that property is just knocking the door down. But we have opportunities throughout the portfolio, both downtown and in Cotai to do a lot better, in my opinion. I think it's a segment -- we have 1,500 tables with the additional 200 tables we were given by the government this week. And so our goal is to -- we're agnostic as far as what segment we're in, the highest performing tables. Our segments get the tables. I think the growth is clear. Downtown, we think, although our 10th year of operation, the place has found a real audience especially in terms of the food program that Jeff and his team has put together downtown. We're embracing the high frequent day trip market at Guangdong. We think that we have -- we found a nice niche downtown in the peninsula and we're going to keep growing our business there. The focus there will be mass, premium mass for sure. We'll have some junket, but we're not going to compete with people downtown. We're going to focus on mass, premium mass. The Plaza is the most, I think, of all of our opportunities, that might be the greatest. Because clearly, our junket performance is very strong. What David has done there is exceptional. Where it began 2 years ago it's at now, but what has happened is we're winning $19,000 a day on the mass side and of course, that's premium mass. So if you multiply that times let's say 50 or 60 or 70 tables, there could be huge potential growth there. And David and his team are looking at that today and so we think there's big upside there to do better. Our slot win, by the way, was over $1,000 per unit per day at the Four Seasons. To me, you've got to rethink the balance there. As good as the junkets are, we're looking at that opportunity. And then of course, SEC, we're starting to really hit it there, but I think, as you -- as to our lowest performing in the portfolio in terms of the win per -- from a non-junket, but non-rolling performance, our mass tables there are the most sluggish in our group. With the new rooms opening, with the market booming, I think you'll see that improve dramatically. But like The Venetian, since SEC remain more of a mixed product with lots of variety, the big focus, obviously, is -- remains return on table. And with so much exposure in the market, we can do better. And we will do better. I think there's a clear indication that our room base, our retail base, our food offerings and the truckload of things we offer in all these properties puts us in a very unique position to do better. And that is our sole focus, Felicia, as far as Macau. We see terrific upside. We're privileged to be in the market with all that growth, and frankly, we're not tied to any one segment. We're tied to making money and productivity. And one thing I will say, there's one market we're in that almost no one else is in and that's the mass, mass. Our exposure the pure mass, not premium mass is incredibly important to us. So when you look around and see the SEC or The Venetian, we can get those places to making $8,000, $9,000, $10,000 a day on a pure mass play has been very, very important to our growth. And people right now are all focused on premium mass. We're there, but we're really focusing as well on the mass, mass. We have kind of a monopoly due to pricing and table count.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great, that's really helpful. Sheldon, you had a nice announcement recently, obviously, with the 200 incremental tables. Can you update us at all on where you are on the discussions with the government regarding procuring tables for The Parisian?
Michael Alan Leven: You want me to...
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Yes, I'll let Mike...
Michael Alan Leven: Felicia, I -- we're in constant conversation, Ed Tracy and myself have just met with the government a couple of weeks ago when I was in Asia. I think that regarding Cotai and all of the new products that are coming on Cotai, you're not going to see any real conclusion on distribution of new tables there for a number of months since. I think the government has assured us, as well as others, that they're going to operate appropriately with these hotels and casinos, which you're going to see developed, but there's no firm commitment yet as to who is going to get what. But we've been told, I've assumed the others have been told the same thing that in their own time, they will make up their mind and treat everybody adequately. That's how we're going today as we get to financing on site 3. We're in the ground now and we're going forward with the project, on the anticipation that all will be well, but it'll be some period of time before you see an absolute commitment for us, as well as others, I believe.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I think what the -- the government has -- we trust the government that they're going to treat everybody fairly. They have a -- there's been more publicity about our competitors buying their land. They make a big deal about it when they close their land. But we've owned the land since 2007. We've owned lot 20 since 2007. And so, however they treat everybody else, they're going to treat us. We're confident of that. And just like the 200 tables was allocated to us 7 years ago because we couldn't gut the financing without the assurance of tables and they kept their commitment, we're very happy over that. And I'm sure that we'll be treated the same, but sort of like in a different category, because everybody was talking about getting the land and what they're going to build. We already own the land. So we've been assured by the government, we're going to be treated like everybody else. And they seem to be giving -- they said they're going to give preference to those companies that build more non-gaming. And of course, that's our specialty. We develop that a little.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just my final question, Rob, back to Singapore. You definitely talked about mass win per day and how you're pleased with the level you have in the quarter, but I'm also assuming that you'd love to grow that. So how should we think about the kind of optimal levels there, or your goals, rather?
Robert G. Goldstein: Honestly, our goal is -- if you recall 1 year ago, was we're trending. We're at 4.6 a quarter, our goal was at 5 and it all came apart. So our goal is to get back to a -- keep growing again. I can't define where we want to get to, because I don't know how high up it really is. I have a belief that we have been given an opportunity to go after tourist-based market and not be dependent on the local market and I think there's a lot of people in Jakarta and KL and I see in the region in general that premium mass customers. I don't know how high we think about that, I just think we can do a lot better than 4.4 a day. I'm pleased we got back to that. But I think the team over there, we talked to some very good people and we're putting a management and sales team in place. I feel there's a lot of potential growth in that segment. I don't want to define it as 4.8 a day, 5 a day -- I don't know. I just believe we're going to get more out of that region we have in the past and more of that segment and that's a 65%, 75% margin a segment. So to drive Marina Bay Sands to a higher level, that's going to be the most important indicator. The most important metric is that win per unit per day, Non-Rolling tables, slot, ETG.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Two questions. One, is, with this tremendous growth you have in Asia. I wonder if you have any thoughts about some of your U.S. assets maybe being kind of non-core and just your thoughts on that topic.
Robert G. Goldstein: There is nothing, nothing new that anybody doesn't know about as far as the U.S. assets are concerned. We just continue to operate them and maximize them as best as we can.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I think that a lot of people are talking about possibility of different emerging markets coming out. We are of the opinion that a lot of the U.S. markets have been oversaturated or about to be oversaturated. And we keep our eye open, but we don't want to get -- we don't want to compete with the job that Caesars' is doing on the riverboat market and the small casino market out there. We know that we're the experts at Integrated Resorts and I think anybody we approach, the various governments understand that and what it can do for them and their tourism efforts. But there's no reason to -- we don't want to liquidate, we don't want to sell any of our assets because we don't want to sell the keys to the kingdom. Our basic differentiation beside the Integrated Resort model of a multi-disciplined resort offering is how do we fill the hotel rooms every day is because of the MICE market, the meetings, incentives, conventions and exhibitions. That is very critical to us. So we sell out any one of our properties, somebody is going to learn how to make the key to our kingdom. We don't want that to happen.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And I wonder, I know you made a reference to Japan in your opening comments. But I wondered if you could give us a little bit more color on how active are the conversations you're having in Japan and that kind of thing.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: We have people there on a constant basis. And we're constantly talking to the powers that be and to be. But as you can see, the Japanese just reelected another -- they went to the opposite party and -- from the one that was governing. And they, in the past, have been favorably inclined to doing IRs with casinos because actually there's no reason why Japan should welcome IRs with open arms. They want more tourism, and there's a great, great fantastic location there if we could get it. And I think if they got serious, very serious about it, which they may be now, because there is an interim party, about 125 members, interim party convention that's been put together to, on a non-cognizant basis to study the issue of IRs. So we're just going to have to wait. The Asians don't move as fast as we can here in Las Vegas. But we're on it. If there's anybody that's on it, anybody that's doing it and that's keeping their finger on the pulse, it's us. We know how good -- with Singapore, we know how good one of these locations could be.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Several quick follow-up questions. First, on The Parisian. There's not a lot of clarity, it sounds like, yet on the table -- on tables. But when you open in late 2015 and would there be any restrictions in view -- anything restricting you from installing slots or ETGs?
Michael Alan Leven: Not at this point, Harry. The restrictions are tables, not on slots or ETGs.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And what has been your experience in Macau just over the past 6 months on customer reception to ETGs?
Robert G. Goldstein: Harry, it's Rob. It's been terrific and it keeps getting better. We're really pleased with the ETG market there and I think the team keeps growing the balance. And to Mike's reference point, you're not as restricted as live table games, but the Asian market is very receptive. You look at our numbers in Singapore, they're unbelievable and they're getting better by the day in Macau. So I think there's no reason to think that market doesn't continue to boom. We're very bullish on ETGs.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And then just last question on Parisian, can you give us a sense of what you would expect to spend yourself for the Parisian in 2013, '14 and '15?
Michael Alan Leven: The total project costs, Harry, we're estimating, at somewhere around $2.6 billion all-in. It could range up a little bit, but that number has actually been approved by our board as for the capital cost of the building. That's including what we put in before. In terms of the investment as to how the cash will go out, probably we'll be using about $700 million roughly of SCL cash and the rest will be financed. And Ken -- Ken can speak a word about that to you.
Kenneth J. Kay: Yes, to answer your question, with regard -- 2013 is going to be probably just over about $400 million. 2014 is going to probably be right around $1 billion, maybe a little bit more.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: He isn't talking about what the financing is. I think Harry was referring to our equity portion.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Exactly, the cash outlay.
Kenneth J. Kay: Oh, I see. Well then, as Mike talked about, it's going to be around $600 million to $700 million and it should go up.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: You've just cut out.
Kenneth J. Kay: Yes -- no, $600 million to $700 million and then that, for the most part, will go out ratably, a little bit more upfront in 2013 and then the balance kind of spread over '14 and with a little bit in '15.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, and then the last question that I had is really a housekeeping item. Going back to Singapore, you made a comment that you feel like your reserves there are essentially where you think that they're appropriate. Do you think that at this point or from this point on that your actual dollar outlay for your reserve can actually decline?
Kenneth J. Kay: As I mentioned before, we're still building up on a percentage basis. We're in about 29%. I think It's about 35% or so in terms of the receivable balance. And so, yes, I do think over time, it could come down a little bit, but we're still going to be spending a fair amount each quarter, maybe a little bit less than what we've done in 2012, but it'd still be fairly close to that, because if you think about it, we're still issuing a tremendous amount of credit on an annual basis and we want to make sure that we're appropriately reserved. So we'll be booking our reserves consistent with the amount of credit that we're issuing. So if it comes down, it will be incrementally down, but it should be just marginally lower, if not the same.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cameron McKnight with Wells Fargo.
Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So a question for Rob, or perhaps Sheldon, as we think about Parisian, one thing that seems to become clearer is that more and more of these developments on Cotai are going to be much more heavily branded, and much more heavily themed. The feedback we've had on Parisian and Eiffel Tower theme has been very strong. What's your sense when you talk to customers about how that brand and theme will resonate as the property opens?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Well, we can only point to The Venetian and its property theme. It's been very well received and the Chinese people are curious, interested in foreign locations and the appearance of them. I think that the uniqueness of having an architectural icon like the -- as the Eiffel Tower, I think you've got to be very well received. People speak very optimistically about the fact that the Chinese people like it, they'll flock to it. It was challenging to get a walkway or elevator and getting it over to the -- where the restaurant is at the base of the -- about 1/3 of the way up the tower. We're trying to be as authentic as we can. We learned from building the Venetian here is that what brings the feeling of being in the thematic location is the construction and the development of the landmarks and the icons. And certainly, the Eiffel Tower is the most iconic structure in the world and we're going to do a good job on that. I think they're going to come there. Listen, it's going to be gangbusters. It'll be tremendous.
Robert G. Goldstein: I think to Sheldon's point, if you look at the scale and the theming of The Venetian, the only place that might make more sense and the only place they want to visit more perhaps than Venice is Paris. I think our research indicates that the Chinese folks want to get to Paris, just like my wife wants to get to Paris and I think you're going to find it -- I think it's a great theme, a great concept. I mean look at the Venetian performance, it's so nimble and it works on all cylinders because it's not just themed, it's got scale, it's got the food product. It works on all different levels, lodging, retail. I think what's been designed to The Parisian honestly is as good as The Venetian, maybe better, pretty extraordinary product. We feel confident that our customer feedback on the Parisian theme is exceptionally strong and positive. And to your point, I think it's a lot like Vegas was in the '90s when we built the Venetian here. There's a desire to see a theme property, a theme experience, that speaks very, very well to the mass market, as well as the high end.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: One of the -- one of our designer/architects is a Parisian. He's a very well known designer/architect in Paris and he was brought in to one of our consultants and we're using him to get some authenticity for the entire property. It's going to look very authentic and I think the Chinese people, the Asians are going to be very excited about it.
Cameron Philip Sean McKnight - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great, thanks. And a lot of that dovetails with what we're heard on the ground. And just moving on, Rob, a question that relates to your earlier comments on the mass, mass business. I mean, one thing that surprised us was the strength in slot and hotel revenues in Macau in the quarter. How should we think about growth in those 2 segments going forward?
Robert G. Goldstein: I don't know how you think about it, but I'm wildly bullish. I think that Macau, in its infancy, is what Sheldon did in the Cotai peninsula, enabled the mass. If you think about -- if it hadn't been the Cotai development, you would have been struck as being landlocked on the peninsula. I think we've had done this over at the floodgates to build these magnificent, multi-thousand room hotels that enabled the customers to have a place to sleep, a place to gamble and we're just lucky enough to have -- yes, we're a premium mass segment, yes we're junket segment, but we're kind of in a really weird place into the pure mass and to your point, having just come back from there. When you look at the pure mass, non-premium mass, it is just extraordinary, how much they're gambling and how much they're sleeping there, eating. It's a whole experience. And I think it's a -- I'm terrifically bullish on Macau and the mass business, not just the premium mass.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for questions. I'll now hand the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Thank you very much, everybody, for joining the call. As we close the call, it was a wonderful year for Las Vegas Sands Corp. I think everybody realizes that. I think this is a year where we opened close to 6,000 hotel rooms in Macau, 2 additional casinos, a variety of food and beverage restaurants, expanded our capital investments, rehabilitated our Venetian Hotel in Las Vegas, moved our Bethlehem numbers up to be one of the most successful property in Pennsylvania. I think the management team and the company's employees have done a marvelous job. I hope all of you recognize the work that they have done to get to these kinds of results. So thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may all disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. Briggs - Vice President of Investor Relations Sheldon Gary Adelson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Chairman of Las Vegas Sands Llc, Chairman of Sands China Ltd and Chief Executive Officer of Las Vegas Sands Llc Michael Alan Leven - President, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, Director, Chairman of Advisory Committee, Acting Chief Executive Officer of Sands China Ltd, President of Las Vegas Sands LLC and Chief Operating Officer of Las Vegas Sands LLC Kenneth J. Kay - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Robert G. Goldstein - Executive Vice President and President of Global Gaming Operations
Analysts: Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Amanda and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Daniel Briggs, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Daniel J. Briggs: Thank you very much. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal Securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS, and adjusted property EBITDA, which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. We also want to let you know that we have posted supplementary earnings slides on our Investor Relations website for your use. With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Mr. Sheldon G. Adelson.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. By now, you should've seen our press release and the related earnings materials, which are available on our website. Joining me in the call today are Mike, Rob, Chris and Ken. As the Founding Chairman and CEO of Las Vegas Sands and the company's chief strategist, I am focused on delivering growth and maximizing shareholder value. I think about our company assume these goals in 4 key areas: One, organic growth in existing properties; two, development of growth that's within our reach today; three, development of integrated resort locations new to Las Vegas Sands; and four, return of capital to shareholders through growing annual dividends. To address point 1, our organic growth at our existing properties, I would like to go through some highlights for the quarter in Macau, where our industry-leading scale and infrastructure investments are creating impressive results in the largest and most profitable gaming market in the world. Our quarterly results in Macau reflect company records in virtually every category, and we expect our operating momentum to continue in the quarters ahead. For the quarter, our market share of gross Gaming revenue on Macau was 19.3%, up from 14.3% last year. That is a 35% growth in market share. I just -- well, I'd also like to mention that our EBITDA numbers surpass any one of our competitors at any market share. I just want to mention that in reports that we saw this morning, our market share Gaming win in October in Macau was in excess of 20%, again, demonstrating that we're growing faster than the market as our investments and strategies produce results. Our rolling book on the third -- I'm sorry, our rolling volume was up 45.5% this quarter to a record USD 36 billion. That represents pip market share of approximately 17% of rolling volume for the quarter compared to just 11.4% one year ago. If you remember, at that time, I said we were getting back into the good graces of the junket reps, and this 49.1% increase in market share of rolling volume attests to that. Our rolling volume was up 54% during the quarter, while the general Macau market was down 1% for the same period. That is really spectacular. While everyone else is experiencing declining margins in their VIP business, we're delivering strong growth. Equally impressive is our strong organic growth and momentum in the mass table [ph] in Macau. Due to its higher margin structure, this segment is even more important to our future cash flow and bottom line results. Our non-rolling table win in Macau for the quarter was up 36.4% to more than $658.4 million, another company record. Our table productivity also improved meaningfully this quarter with win per mass table across our portfolio of properties expanding year-over-year by 26% to reach nearly USD 8,700 per table. Remember that we have the largest footprint in Macau. That's because we took -- our original strategy called for us to take certain risks and the risks worked out far beyond our expectations, except for Sheldon Adelson's expectations. I thought it was going to be a grand slam home run, and I was wrong. It was a grand slam home run, the World Series of tennis, not to mention the ping-pong and the Super Bowl. Probably [indiscernible] all of that. Our table productivity has also improved meaningfully this quarter, with win per mass table across that portfolio to $8,700. Now I'm turning to Singapore. We had a very light this quarter with Singapore at just 1.79%. That was really a low hold. And it cost us about $105 million in EBITDA during the quarter. So on a whole adjusted basis, we would have produced EBITDA at just over $365 million this quarter from Singapore, but who's counting. As Singapore continues to progress as a destination for business and leisure travel and entertainment and our marketing programs in the Asian region mature, our business at Marina Bay Sands will continue to grow. We're implementing new marketing programs to both the premium mass market and VIP markets, beefing up our sales force and investing in aircraft. The customers we are targeting with these efforts will come from the areas surrounding Singapore: Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand and the wider Southeast Asian region, as well as from Hong Kong, Taiwan, China, Japan and Korea. I think I missed Vietnam, meaning we didn't get a significant amount of business from Vietnam. [Indiscernible] development growth that is within reach today. We will generate substantial growth on our resorts in Macau at Sands Cotai Central [indiscernible] and as we are able to develop the Parisian on site fully. Turning to Sands Cotai Central, mass table and slot business -- shut my phone off, sorry. Turning to Sands Cotai Central, mass table and slot business reflected meaningful growth this quarter. Total mass win per day increased by 15% compared to the partial quarter ended June 30, and reached $1.56 million per day. We see strong operating momentum continuing in the quarters ahead, particularly as the addition of hotel, dining, shopping and entertainment amenities of Phase 2 of Sands Cotai Central begin to make their contributions. Because those amenities will open only for 11 days during the quarter, they'll had minimal impact for this quarter's revenues. As a reminder, since April of 2012, we have opened more than 3,660 new hotel rooms and 2 new casinos in Macau. In addition, we will open 2,000 new hotel rooms in January 2013. That's great. I'd also like to say that our concept of bringing in international brands is paying off handsomely. We're running at very high occupancy rates in the hotel. We're bringing in business. The people have questioned Holiday Inn, but Holiday Inn is running at extremely high rates. The Conrad has more demand than it has supplies, and the Sheridan just opened recently, last month, and we're doing splendidly at the Sheraton. We still have one more hotel to go, which will open, I suspect, within the next 90 days. The strategic advantages of the scale and critical mass of our portfolio products on the Cotai Strip, including the air-condition [ph] and people mover pedestrian bridge, which will open in December, connecting Cotai Central with the Four Seasons and The Venetian on the west side of the strip, will benefit all of our properties on Cotai and strengthen our retail mall business. As the Macau market continues to grow, we continue to plan for the not too distant future, when Sands Cotai Central will have the opportunity to produce financial results that rival those of The Venetian hotel. The Parisian Macau will add another integrated resort property to our portfolio in the Cotai Strip. We're targeting it in late '15 or earlier. We've already submitted our design plans to the Macau government and, pending government approval, we hope to begin time [ph] at work in the very near future. Point 3, development of integrated resort locations new to Las Vegas Sands. We're committed to identifying and executing our new development opportunities in Asia. We have teams working every day in these locations to pursue this goal in Japan, Korea and Vietnam. Traveling behind a little bit is Taiwan, which will take a much longer time, and we still don't have target out of those sites. We also have been investigating opportunity sets around the globe including in Europe, North America and South America. During this quarter, we advised the government of Madrid that we have selected the city of Madrid as our Euro Vegas development location as opposed to choosing Barcelona. As I have said on numerous occasions before, we will only pursue projects with returns in excess of 20%. As the company's largest shareholder, I have a divested interest in going ahead to owning the highest value projects that would maximize shareholder returns. Point 4, return of capital to shareholders through growing annual dividends. It gives me great pleasure to announce that our Board of Directors has approved an increase of our recurring quarterly dividend for 2013 by 40% to $0.35 per share per quarter or $1.40 per year. Let me add that we have every intention of increasing the dividend in the years ahead as our business and cash flows continue to grow. I can only say one thing about that, go dividends. Lastly, I wanted to point out an asset that the company has with great value for the people in the community, may not have been focusing on all the time, our retail mall business. It generated over $100 million in revenue with 84% margin in this quarter alone. That's a 16.9% increase, 16.9% increase over the result of a year ago. We believe that our retail assets are among the most valuable in the world and that cap rates for similar assets in Asia could be easily approached with 29%, million dollars [ph] in value, and that's not including additional retail we're going to put in, in Lot 3, mall retail that we put in, in Cotai Central, and as I said in my previous call, that we're approaching the government to turn the Tropical Garden into the Tropical Garden Mall of, our designs indicate, potential of 800,000. So that's a trigger we could pull at any time to fill our coffers and an important part of the fundamental business strategy. With these proceeds, we could easily work out all of our debt, easily, without building any new retail than what we have today. In closing, our financial stand and cash flow are evident in our results. As we have said in the past, our cash flows and balance sheet strength will allow us to both increase our return of cash to shareholders and retain ample liquidity to invest in future growth opportunities, both in our current markets and in other emerging jurisdictions around the globe. With our strategic positioning and a strongly experienced leadership team we have in place to execute our strategy, I couldn't be more optimistic about the future. I hope I've made my point [indiscernible] our 4 components of future growth, but let me be crystal clear. We will always be a growth company. So, Mike -- let me turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Alan Leven: Thank you, Sheldon. In the interest of time, I'll take a few minutes to add some specific additional color on our developments, the situation in Singapore, Las Vegas and Bethlehem markets. Rob will cover Macau and Ken will cover the earnings and balance sheet. Let's talk about a little more details of our development strategies and where we are as we continue to fill the pipeline with promising development opportunities around the globe. The Parisian Macau, the structure has been submitted to the Macau government. The designs are practically finished and we're ready to go, just awaiting government approval. As soon as government approval comes, we will put piles on the ground and begin the construction period, which should last a little bit more than 30 months, and hope to be opened in that property by the end of '15. We will also reveal to the public all the designs and the plans when government approval comes. In Asia, outside of Macau, in Japan, we are awaiting legislation which is supposed to be submitted in April to the Diet. After that, there will be an approval process for a year or maybe 2 as it goes through the Japanese procedures. We are looking at sites in both Osaka and Tokyo, and we continue that investigation and have people hired on the ground, working on our behalf. In Korea, we have met with government officials at the federal government level, as well as the city levels in Seoul and Busan, Korea, where we're interested in attractive sites for our business. I want to emphasize in Korea that we have not negotiated tax rates, that it's also a must that we have some kind of local play available to us in order to pursue our Korean activities, and we expect to have a situation where we have presented a Singapore type of restriction in local play so that we can, in fact, get into the Korean market. In Vietnam, we have looked at numerous sites in Vietnam, we continue to work with the government there. Our eyes are on Ho Chi Minh City and Hanoi. Progress is being made, however, there's a longer way to go there at the present time than in the other areas. We've also been on the ground in Taiwan. We are not interested in islands offshore, we are interested in the mainland in Taiwan. We haven't made much progress there, but there is some interest going forward. In Europe, our operation in Madrid for the Euro Vegas Strip continues. We continue to meet with the government. There continues to be activity in the area of grants and incentives, in the areas of the tender, the land acquisition, as well as the financing. We are expected by the government to present our plans in some detail in early January and, at that time, we will also have more information on what the legislation is that will be passed in our favor. In North America, we are working with the Ontario Gaming Commission as far as a potential downtown site in Toronto. We have decided on the location. There are lots of things in the way at this point, including the approval of the Toronto City Council. We don't know where that project is going to go at the moment, but we're ready to pursue it as soon as the project is released and our conditions are met. As Sheldon mentioned, the return on investment is critical, particularly in the North American locations. At the present time, there's lots of talk in New York, particularly in Queens. Ron Goldstein and I have had numerous meetings in that market already and we are continuing this week -- I'm sorry, next week, to go back to see if that -- we can pursue an opportunity in that particular area, once again, subject to tax rates, subject to all the other conditions that would make our products successful. In South America, we have had people on the ground in Brazil, in both São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro, looking at opportunities there. And we are -- have started initial investigations in Argentina. So we're very busy. We have a full development department working in these areas, and we expect that over the next year or 2, many of these situations will come to fruition, either fit our model or will not. And once again, I should emphasize, as Sheldon said, if it doesn't meet -- if any of these don't meet our return hurdles, we certainly will not pursue it. Let me turn to Singapore for a moment. After an unusually rapid ramp-up period, our VIP volumes and mass table business have now been stable for all of the last 4 quarters. VIP volumes had been between $11 billion at the low and $13 billion at the high in the roll in each of the last 4 quarters. Mass table revenue has also been steady at between $260 million and $280 million over the last 5 quarters. Slot revenue has decreased by 8% this quarter compared to the same quarter last year because of a decrease in local play. This concerns us and we are putting strategies in place, you'll hear some of this from Rob, in terms of how we can replace that business with additional business that we're after. Our hotel room and MICE business have performed exceptionally and are operating at near capacity. There is rarely an empty room in the Marina Bay Sands these days. Retail has also grown meaningfully and we are in the process of developing additional dining and entertainment offerings in our mall. Looking ahead, our greatest opportunity for growth lies in attracting new premium mass and VIP customers from outside Singapore. These visitors from around the region, including from Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, Mainland China, Hong Kong, as well as Japan and Korea, will provide the growth. In Las Vegas, our business has been stable. We held very well this quarter and the bright spot in Las Vegas continues to be strong growth in play from Asian visitors to Las Vegas. And we have the air capacity to continue that business. We had some group cancellations this last quarter, but the volume of group bookings for 2013 looks quite a bit stronger. Sands Bethlehem, a simple comment there, continues to grow effectively and we're quite pleased with Sands Bethlehem. As a matter of fact, during the recent storms, Sands Bethlehem's electronic capability was still on board because of the generators that we had in place, and we actually sold out in the hotel to the last 4 nights and one of the few places in Bethlehem that had power. Before I turn it over to Ken, I want to give a special thanks to Ed Tracy and his team at Sands China. In the last few months, we have opened 4,000 rooms, 3 hotels, 2 casinos, numerous food and beverage and retail facilities and meeting facilities in a situation where employment is full. Macau runs a 2% employment rate. And I want to commend those people for the great job they've done in getting us to date. Plenty of growth to come, but the openings have been superb. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Ken to take you through some of the financial situations, and look forward to your questions.
Kenneth J. Kay: Thanks, Mike. Revenue expanded 12.5% despite low hold in Singapore. Hold adjusted property EBITDA was $950.7 million, down a little less than 1% compared to the quarter last year. Our strong growth in Macau was offset by a smaller contribution from the VIP business in Singapore compared to last year. Our hold adjusted EBITDA margin of 34% remains healthy and reflects our higher market share in Macau of lower margin VIP business. We expect hold adjusted EBITDA margin to expand as our mix of mass and non-gaming revenues in Macau grows with the ramp-up of Sands Cotai Central. Hold adjusted diluted earnings per share was $0.53, down $0.06 from last year's third quarter. The decrease in earnings per share was driven by increased depreciation and amortization expense related to the opening of Sands Cotai Central, higher minority interests and increased share count. Lower EBITDA had a $0.01 unfavorable impact, but was entirely offset by the favorable impact of lower interest expense, gaming taxes and other items. Our cash balance at September 30 was $3.75 billion. Our trailing 12-month EBITDA was also $3.75 billion. And our net debt is approximately $5.7 billion. Our debt outstanding is both long-dated and cost-effective, with only approximately $100 million coming due in the remainder of 2012 and 2013, and at an average borrowing rate of approximately 2.9% this quarter. Our net debt to EBITDA on a consolidated basis is approximately 1.5x. This is a very comfortable position for us and supports the decision to increase our recurring dividend by 40% for 2013, while retaining ample resources and liquidity to pursue future growth opportunities. Looking ahead, we would be very comfortable with a net leverage ratio of up to 3x to 3.5x if we were fortunate enough to have several integrated resort projects and developments simultaneously. As those projects come online and begin to generate cash flow, the ratio would naturally decrease. So again, our strong balance sheet gives us tremendous financial flexibility. We maintain the flexibility to utilize additional strategies to enhance shareholder returns in the future. The Board focused principally on increasing the recurring dividend at the last meeting. Share buybacks and special dividends will continue to be on the potential list of future alternatives, but will be weighed against the requirements for future investments in growth. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Rob.
Robert G. Goldstein: Thanks, Ken. In Macau, we're generating exceptional growth momentum in every gaming segment, mass table, slot, ETGs, as well as VIP. We're earning $8,700 per table per day versus $6,900 in last year's numbers in the mass table segment. The additional hotel inventory of 1,800 Sheraton rooms came online in September and an additional 2,000 rooms will come on board early next year, and they should boost our growth as well. Slot and ETG volume is up 29.4% this quarter, rolling volumes are up 45.5%, while total VIP market in Macau was flat. Our mass table revenue, including stadium-style ETGs increased 48-plus percent in the quarter to reach a record $669 million. And that represents a market share of 26.4%, the most important segment in the Macau market from our perspective. When you look at mass tables, slot and ETG win, together we're winning $8.5 million a day in the third quarter across our property portfolio, which is up about 35% from a year ago. We are the market leader in mass win per day. So looking ahead, we expect the lion's share of market share growth to occur on Cotai, where the majority of the other markets, sleeping rooms, shopping, dining, entertainment amenities are located. We should be a primary beneficiary of that growth. The ramp at Sands Cotai Central is visible in our results today. Our mass table win -- our mass win per day increased 15% in this quarter compared to the April through June 30 period. Our rolling volume per day increased over 13% in the September quarter compared to the June quarter. Our hotel occupancy was also strong during the quarter, and has continued to ramp during the current fourth quarter. Operator, may we have the first question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Mark Strawn from Morgan Stanley.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Rob, you mentioned some initiatives you're undertaking both in Macau and Singapore to reaccelerate same-store growth in those markets. How was -- with same-store growth in Macau flattish and turning negative in Singapore over the last 2 Qs, where do you think that -- those kind of same-store growth rates can go over the next couple quarters? And what are the real key initiatives you're putting in place that will drive those levels?
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes. Mark, let's start with our strength. Our strength is in Macau. As we look at the portfolio now as opposed to individual properties, the way I view this, the market for us, our portfolio market versus Four Seasons versus Venetian versus Cotai, I think what's happened here is, as you know, the mass revenues are booming there in Macau. I mean, think about $8.5 million a day of 45% margin business. Pretty extraordinary. I think we'll continue to accelerate for the simple reason of capacity, hotel sleeping rooms and retail. And once that bridge is completed in December, I think we end up with a 9,000 room hotel in Cotai. I can’t imagine. We're not going to be able to do a whole lot more than continue what we're doing now, which is fill the hotel room, is fill the retail and watch the market share increase. I think David Sisk has to be singled out for his other junket segment. Where, as you know, a few short years ago, non-competitive in that segment, and now we're very comfortable with where we're going with that. But the real story in Macau, as everyone is aware of, is the mass table side and mass -- and ETGs and slots. We just see ourselves growing, gaining more share by the quarter and couldn't be more pleased we're heading there. Same-store sales, I'd rather speak to same portfolio sales, and I think they're going to be double-digit from our perspective on the mass side. Singapore is a different story. As you know, we are flat in the VIP segment the last 4 quarters. We had an exceptional year-on-year quarter last year. That business is no longer there. VIP is a challenge today versus -- or the growth story because we have seen ourselves softening up. We have increased our event side significantly starting this quarter. We'll see a very, very strong event last week and again this week. We're doing more special events to the high end, targeting the rolling customer. The obvious challenge here, as you can see it from the numbers, is on the mass slot and table side. Singapore has been a growth story at 4, 2 -- well, it started at 2, 3 a day and went as high as 4 or 5 a day since we opened. That is the challenge. I think Mike and Sheldon both referenced we have a very different approach there, and that's going to be targeting premium mass customers, not rolling customers, but $10,000, $20,000 customers from Jakarta, KL, Bangkok, Tokyo, Seoul, et cetera. We're putting a team on the ground, incentives on the ground to try to drive more of that premium mass customer into Singapore, more tourist-driven. And we think it's going to be very successful. We have started that a few months ago. We're willing to put a lot of boots on the ground and our belief is that's the growth in Singapore in the near future.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That was helpful. One follow-up on Macau. Any update on when you think you'll get the additional tables at Cotai Central? And if and when you get those, do you plan to move tables back to the existing properties there?
Robert G. Goldstein: Mike just came back and we believes January is the right date for the additional tables on Cotai. What we can think of doing, I think Ed and Dave and that team is -- every day is examining the highest yield per table, be it Cotai or Venetian. We have a good problem. We have a lot of business over there and even downtown, even on the old Sands, continues to be some pretty good numbers. So our goal is to maximize yield per table, profitability per table regardless of the hotel it's in. And as you see Cotai ramping up, our dilemma, it's a wonderful dilemma, is can we get to $10 million, $11 million, $12 million a day with table ETG win. So our goal is not to identify a property, but whatever -- wherever that table performs best, that's where we'll go.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Greff from JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just one follow-up question on Singapore. How much of the declines in rolling chip volume in Singapore would you say is intentional or by design just as a proactive way of maybe managing credit risk and being careful, with the extension of credit, versus it being more of a demand-related issue?
Robert G. Goldstein: So unfortunately or fortunate, depending on your perspective, we're not managing it to go down, but we'll try to manage it up. And we just -- the demand on the back edge, consumer demand was soft or has stayed in the $11 billion, $12 billion per quarter range. I'd love to see it go back to $16 billion. Obviously, we're managing our reserve more aggressively, looking at our aging of our accounts, but it wasn't by design that the demand was soft. It was by customer demand, or lack thereof. We'd love to go back to a $15 billion -- our goal is to get back to $15 billion, $16 billion all quarters and collect the money as well, but it wasn't -- it was consumer demand.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: When you look back at the third quarter by month and maybe what you've seen so far in the 4Q, would you say that year-over-year trend that's negative on a year-over-year basis, that it stabilized or has it bottomed? Are you seeing any degree of improvement or stabilization?
Robert G. Goldstein: I think it stayed pretty flat. I mean, look at 2Q, 2 of '12, we get $11.5 billion, $11.8 billion this time. We had an exceptional third quarter '11 at $16.7 billion, but unfortunately or fortunately, depends on your perspective, Singapore, it looks like a $45 billion to $50 billion annualized roll market at this time. I mentioned earlier, we want to be much more aggressive on the event side, doing some very strong special events to drive that, but -- and be margin conscious as well. We don't fear the credit side. We just would like to see more demand with the right kinds of customers. So though our bigger challenge, very candidly, is to make sure that premium mass growth returns again. That's the margin 65-plus percent we'd like to get back to, and that's the segment where we're focusing on as far as we think there's short-term appreciation, I hope.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: This is Sheldon, Joe. What I want to say is that the VIP market out of China is reputedly slowing down in Macau, although we're not experiencing that. But again, we have a pretty big footprint in Macau. I think the same thing is happening in Singapore, that the Chinese are averse to uncertainty. And they don't know what's going to happen when the new government comes in either this month or next month, but before the end of the year. And so their issue of uncertainty will be resolved and people will go back to their normal lives. I for one, having discussed this with the Chinese people and their behavior, everybody says -- everybody I talked to says the same thing, they lie low where there's uncertainty. And they become more high profile when the uncertainty is lifted. All right? And the only uncertainty that people can look at is from their own internal view points in the PRC [ph], how is the new government going to treat them. And once those issues have moved into the more certain column, I think we'll see a lot more VIP business coming back.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. Sheldon, the last few conference calls, you've spoken more and more about retail mall profitability, and we've seen some improving trends there. What are your thoughts on -- I guess this will relate more to Macau, but what are your current thoughts on monetizing that, whether selling part of it or spinning out part of it via an equity spin? How do you look at monetizing? Because you do look at these very low cap rates and you're probably not getting that equity value currently. And if you were to monetize it, you certainly could demonstrate those low cap rates out there. That's all for me.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: When I look at that, Joe, I do. It's a very drooling, enticing and stimulating matter. I mean, I've been saying that our business model is unlike any other business model in any portion of the hospitality or retail business, ever. Build these non-core assets, we sell them, we pay for the entire cost. We've got about $9 billion to $10 billion today, and I'm not going to sell Macau until we finish the bridge, which is next month, in December, and we let it -- the cross traffic. It's a unique bridge. It's not like the bridges in Las Vegas, where they're outdoors that are exposed to the weather. This is fully covered, fully enclosed, fully air-conditioned and fully equipped with people movers, moving sidewalks. People in Macau, they're just going to go up there just for the experience of going on -- over the bridge on moving sidewalks. So we'll see how that impacts. If it does impact it well, I think we could probably reach another billion or maybe more. But we're looking at whether or not we should turn that over now, or we -- I mean, in terms of monetizing it, or we should wait until we get the approval for the Tropical Mall, and we put the -- a new retail and luxury [ph]. So we're still in the midst of that. In any event, this is a good time, it is a good cap rate. I remember the time there wasn't a good cap rate. And we just haven't -- we haven't focused on that so much because, from my standpoint, I focus on development and strategy. And so I came up with the idea to do the 800,000 square-foot mall. That will add a couple or a few more billion in dollars. So it won't hurt to just keeping development. So all we know is that, that money is out there to be gotten without any interest, so it feels very good [indiscernible].
Michael Alan Leven: We also have 26 more stores opening in the Four Seasons, 43 more stores opening at 5 [ph] in Cotai Central and, as Sheldon said, the potential of an 800,000 square-foot, 300-store mall next to the Sheraton on the Tropical Garden space. So there's a lot more retail to mature for us to essentially maximize that retail facility. And the 20 -- the new stores in The Venetian -- or in the Four Seasons will open in November of this year, actually next month.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shaun Kelley from Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to ask a little bit more about the ramp-up at Cotai Central. It looks like obviously from the market share statistics, that some of us see that the debut so far, since September 20th, has been -- looks like it's starting to be a little bit more successful. Rob, could you give us a little bit of your thoughts in terms of how you guys are getting to utilize some of the hotel rooms? How you feel about the gaming side, is it mass or is it VIP that you're attracting into phase 2? And then lastly, what you think about margins at that property? Because they were down a little bit sequentially, but I imagine they can be a lot higher over time.
Robert G. Goldstein: I guess, from the way I look at the properties, first of all, we're very happy with the junket segment there. Couldn't be happier with what's happening at the junket side. The team there, that segment is cruising very, very well. And we -- to be blunt about it, we're surprised at how well it does, so quickly out of the box. We have growth opportunity. That's our weakest performer right now on the mass table side, and part of the reason why is The Venetian is so damn strong. And so is, of course, the Four Seasons, although much smaller offering at the tables. But I think our growth potential, both from a margin and EBITDA perspective, emanates from the ramp as we use more hotel rooms, the retail gets opened, as we get up to a $10,000 -- our goal is $10,000 win per unit per day like The Venetian did this quarter. When we get there, you're going to see the Sands Cotai Central, I believe it's the ultimate mass product, built for that market. What they've done there in the junket segment surprises me, how well it's doing. So if they get the mass table up to $10,000 a day, get all the ETGs pumped up, that's where the growth opportunities are for the Sands Cotai Central to start pushing up against The Venetian in '13 and '14. The margins will move with the mass. To be honest, a 10%, 11% junket segment is still challenging on the margin side. The ETGs in that building, along with the slots, it had a slow start. It's all coming together. And as we get the mass -- the premium mass side cranking, and we get all the rooms opened in early first quarter of next year and that bridge gets complete, I don't think there's any reason to doubt that this property should be a $1 billion property down the road. I feel wildly confident. It's the right property for the market in Macau today, lots of sleeping rooms, lots of retail, lots of food, a great gaming floor. I feel -- well, we always felt confident that the Sands Cotai Central will rival Venetian once it's fully operational.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's really helpful, Rob. And then I guess secondarily, I'd just like to ask a little bit about the dividend announcement. So we've obviously gotten very good feedback, and it looks like, depending upon where the stock opens tomorrow, it'd be right around a 3% yield. Ken, could you talk a little bit about just what you'd be comfortable with in terms of a payout ratio over time? And just any additional color on how much we can think about potentially increasing that, would possible double-digit percentage increases be on the table in the future? That will be helpful for investors.
Kenneth J. Kay: A little bit of a loaded question there, I appreciate that. So I think what I can tell you is when we went through the deliberations on the dividend, we were really trying to focus in on kind of rightsizing the dividend and getting it to around a 3% yield, which is what you articulated. And that's really where the lion's share of the discussion focused in on. I think, depending on what conditions are going forward, our focus is obviously on increasing that over time. As far as what the percentage of the increase is, it really is a function of what we feel is the rightsized dividend at that point in time that, that decision is made. But that's the way we look at it, more so than really on the payout ratio because we've also got to take into account kind of what the horizon looks like in investments and future growth. And so we have to factor that in and make sure we're in a balanced situation. But for right now, the right size of the dividend we felt was at 3%, and that's what we generated the increase of 40% to get to.
Operator: Your next question comes from Felicia Hendrix of Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Rob, you guys have given us a lot of detail, and we really appreciate that. And clearly, the quarter was affected by hold. And even adjusting for that, though, in the provision in Singapore, you did come in a little bit below our property EBITDA forecast. So I'm just wondering, on a hold-adjusted basis, were there any properties -- you talked about Sands Cotai, what's going on there, but were there any other properties where you might have expected to see better flow-through?
Robert G. Goldstein: So you're talking, not in Singapore, but in Macau?
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Well, just -- no, in general.
Robert G. Goldstein: Obviously, I mean the Sands Cotai numbers are good but they can be better. Again, the margins are hurting a bit due to the premium mass or lack of premium mass, but I think The Venetian did very, very well. The Four Seasons, it's a junket-driven property, so it's always got that challenge. But, no, I think the Sands downtown was great. Obviously, the large reserve in MBS hurts, but that's just a recognition of the aging in some of the accounts. But no, overall, I think it's all there to see. We've laid it all out for you, so I can't add much color to that.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then actually, you just touched on something else. What was the percentage of direct play at the Four Seasons in the quarter versus last year at this time, in the third quarter?
Robert G. Goldstein: Direct play being defined as direct junket play or, I mean, as our direct business?
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Your direct business.
Robert G. Goldstein: Let's take a look here. We were -- let's see. We were down a bit. We were growing volume this quarter of 1.461 versus 1.507. We held light, 2.69 versus last year's -- excuse me, I'm looking at Q2. So Q3 '11, we were 1.570 versus 1.461 on the rolling volume. We held 4.39 last year versus 2.6...
Sheldon Gary Adelson: She's looking for the difference between the junket business and the premium direct business.
Robert G. Goldstein: Is that right? I'm trying to give you -- the premium direct or the junket?
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes. What percentage of your overall VIP play was your direct-generated play?
Robert G. Goldstein: The overall business? It's mostly 7.5 rolling on the VIP junket versus 1.461 on direct. So the lion's share obviously, the VIP market.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: At the present. It's much higher at The Venetian.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was just asking at the Four Seasons.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes. It's 7.5 versus 1.4, and we held last -- the hold is obviously in 3Q '11 we held 2 versus 2.56 this year.
Kenneth J. Kay: It was about 16% in terms of the premium direct percentage.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And Ken, what was it last year?
Robert G. Goldstein: Hold on a second, I'll tell you. 72 million versus -- 72 -- it won 52 million for third quarter '11.
Kenneth J. Kay: Just about 37%.
Robert G. Goldstein: Versus 69 million [indiscernible].
Kenneth J. Kay: It was about 37%.
Robert G. Goldstein: Our growth has been out of the junket segment.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes. That's correct. I've just been trying to figure out where the disparity was with our numbers. And then is it -- Sheldon, is it a little too early regarding The Parisian to talk about the incremental number of tables you think you might get there?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Well, I can only quote what the government has said publicly. I don't want to talk about what they say privately. We've asked for the minimum that we think we need to open La Paris [ph] but then I see other people are getting them all. The government has said that they -- they've indicated publicly that they will give more tables to the people who are building more non-gaming. They're not going to allow the total space to -- the matrix to come down to 25% casino and 75% non-gaming. They want it down to 10% or less, which means that the guys who were going to build casino and hotel and a couple of restaurants, they're not going to get very many tables. They only have like 2,000 tables to give out. I don't think it would be surprising for them to say, the guys who build 25% or more of casino will get the same number of tables as people who build 10% or less. Our business model says that we build -- actually we have the largest casino in the world in the Venetian Macau, and it's only 4.5% of the total amount of space. And all of our plans for all of the lots on the Cotai Strip would have amounted to, if we were able to build them all, 2.5% of total. So we're setting the precedent on how they're going to do it. So in our case, I'm pretty sure that if the government follows what it said publicly, that we'll get at least the number of tables we ask for. I've since increased that, because -- publicly, I've increased it to 500 but we can live with 450, because the other guy is saying, "Oh, Sands says they only want 600 and NPL says they want 500," but they're not going to build the entertainment, the shopping, the MICE space in particular. And as you know, we focus a lot on MICE space. So they want people that -- they're going to give the tables to the people, they say, that are contributing more to the leisure business travel objectives.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Oh from CLSA.
Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Rob, if you could just give us a quick sense of your strategy in Macau in the premium mass market segment. Could you quantify for us how big is your opportunity today? Maybe give us a sense of how much of your mass market today would you classify as premium mass market? And maybe give us a roadmap as to how much bigger you think you could be, specifically for Cotai Central?
Robert G. Goldstein: I think -- let's be honest.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: The objective is to make money.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes. That's a simple one. Jon, the way we view this is we're in a different place than anybody else because we have 3 distinct segments. We've got super premium, which tables winning $20,000 plus a day, probably that's less than 5% of the portfolio; 15% would probably be devoted to, what I call, premium mass; and the lion's share, the bulk, would be in the pure mass business. But we're in a unique place. To be frank, we've got more capacity than anybody else by a lot. We've got more sleeping rooms, more retail, more food. So the way I view this is it's probably the single greatest opportunity I've ever seen in any market anywhere. I can see a day when, if we're able to do this 8.5, how big does it get? Depends on obviously -- we're going to grow faster than anybody because we've got the capacity and the sleeping rooms to grow. Our buildings are built for mass, premium mass, super mass. We're very focused on it. We think we've done a terrific job of upping the junket segment, but our focus and our profit margins obviously reside in this segment. I think one of the unique things in our buildings is that we can talk to the customer who's not betting just HKD 1,000 a day, we can talk to people betting less, we can offer them things no one else can offer. So we've got a multifaceted strategy to all 3 segments, but our biggest single opportunity obviously is in those tables that we can drop minimums down and get that customer. We think ETGs are a very important part of that. How big can it get? Jon, I don't know. I read your reports and I believe you, we can get very, very big, and I think you're right. I think the growth opportunities are enormous for us because we're in the sweetest part of the market where the margins are 45%, 48%. I don't -- I see a day when we can -- on the ETG slots side, surpass $1 billion not too far down the road. I think mass tables can be staggering, I really do. I mean, the market in the mass tables all are as dumbstruck at how well it's done. But the biggest beneficiary is this company, and that's where our focus is. And how big can it be, I don't know. I like to believe that you're right and it'll grow double-digit for the foreseeable next 2 years, and we're the biggest beneficiary. That's our biggest opportunity by far.
Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Do you currently have any space allocated within Cotai Central for you to allocate specifically for premium mass, or is that just jumbled within the whole overall mass floor?
Robert G. Goldstein: No, we have -- we're reallocating space now, Jon, up on the top floor, as well as rethinking the floor. Ed and David are very adept in the strategy to rethink Cotai and Sands Cotai with additional new rooms and spaces. We are rethinking as we speak. Because that's where the opportunity for Cotai to be a $1 billion property resides.
Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: All right. And just last one for me, for Ken, I guess...
Robert G. Goldstein: Jon, hang on. Sheldon wants to make a comment.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: That's a very big space that we want to reallocate [indiscernible]. We've got plenty of room, I think it's 70,000.
Robert G. Goldstein: Theater box. Sheldon is referencing a theater box 5 in Sands Cotai Central. It's over 80,000...
Sheldon Gary Adelson: We have the same box in what was lot 6, which is now the Sheraton lot. We could turn that into mass gaming, mass premium.
Robert G. Goldstein: We're rethinking the floor, Jon, every which way we can including the 39th floor of the current building, including Sheldon referenced the theater spaces. We have -- yes, we have opportunity, and we recognize it's got to be the right physical space to make it really sing to $10,000, $15,000 per table per day. And I do think with the bridge connecting 9,000 keys, all that retail, I don't think $10,000 a day across the portfolio is that ambitious. I think it's very achievable for us.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Well, one marketing move we're going to make is Poretta [ph]. The situation is fluid, it's dynamic. We'll try out new things, what used to be our limit is now our limit, diamond, ruby and is now being retitled premium mass.
Robert G. Goldstein: If you look at our space in The Venetian, that's -- what Sheldon is referencing, that premium, that mass play in The Venetian, ruby, diamond has been exemplary from the day we opened it. It is an extraordinary success story. Look at The Venetian doing $10,000-plus per table per day currently. Where does it go? I don't know. It could be $11,000, $12,000 a day.
Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. A question for Ken, the $1.40 of dividends from LVS, that's a 40% increase in pay out, but you have not really made any commitments with -- on Sands China dividends of 58% Hong Kong for every 6 months. How should we go about thinking about that? How are you sourcing that incremental $0.40 per share payout? Are you taking that from Singapore? And if you are, could you help us think about how should we model the tax implications of that?
Kenneth J. Kay: Yes, sure. A couple of questions in there. The Sands China Board will need to make a determination as far as what the dividend will be coming out of them for 2013, and that decision hasn't been made yet. But I think if you just look at it from a cash flow standpoint, I think the way that -- I'm kind of thinking about funding the LVS dividend, which is about $1.2 million, a little bit less -- I'm sorry, $1.2 billion. So it's probably close to about $1 billion coming out of Sands China Limited, and that would be net, right, of the minority interest fees that would get paid out. So that $1 billion would be flowing up approximately from them. And then the balance would be sourced from either cash from Marina Bay Sands or cash that we have either in the U.S. restricted group or at the parent level. So that's kind of the way we're thinking about it, although no final determination has been made relative to that. And then it's all, really, any money that we bring up from Sands China Limited or from Marina Bay Sands is very tax efficient because we would be offsetting any taxes that would be owed on the repatriation of dividends with foreign tax credits that are generated in our Asian activities. And so for all intents and purposes, that money comes up on a tax-free basis.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Jon, this is Sheldon. Obviously, we're going to have to get some money out of SCL, and we've got to share it proportionately. And so we've got -- to the extent that we upstream any amount of money -- we just got the okay from the Board day before yesterday, so we haven't talked with the SCL board, but obviously we're going to have to share the good fortune. And by the way, we're happy about that. We get 70.3% of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent from Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Could you just discuss the new development opportunities? Maybe, Mike, you could speak to what you're envisioning in New York. And then when you talk about the opportunity in Madrid, I guess I'm intrigued because on your slides, you go through 6 steps that you're looking for, but the bottom one is that you'd need to see some changes in the economic conditions. And that almost seems secondary now when I'm looking at the slides versus just a few months ago when that seemed to be more paramount.
Michael Alan Leven: Well, I think, Steve, the economic conditions really during the course of these -- the meetings with the Spanish government and the course of our meetings here, if something were to deteriorate significantly in terms of the euro or what have you, that's just a caveat that we're watching that. This is a process that will go on for a number of months as we go through the process of legislations, final site selection, the tender, land acquisition, et cetera. But if something turns dramatically negative in the short term, that's simply something that we would look at, and we want everybody to know that we'll be making a judgment on that basis. So I think that's on the chart just to keep aware that something could happen. We feel good about looking at the investment at the present time and looking at the future. And basically, if all things come in order, they could all come in order, but if something dramatic happens in the economic environment that causes real concern, we just -- we would very much hesitate to go forward.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: But if Spain stays the way it is right now, then you would go forward from an economic perspective?
Michael Alan Leven: I think if everything else worked according to our plan, yes.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: You have to understand that one of the biggest triggers in the entire matrix is the fact that to build sensitivity analysis -- I don't want to say this publicly, but our gaming tax rate, [indiscernible] over there is going to be significantly lower. So if we can make significant adjustments, they end up with our EBITDA percentage by the tax rate. We make a 33% EBITDA rate in Macau with a tax rate at 40%. We make 50% to 55% EBITDA of revenue in Singapore with a much lower -- with a tax rate averaging about 15%. We get below that, which I'm confident we will significantly, and we have certain things to achieve there to get below that, then we don't need anywhere near as much money and, by any measure win [indiscernible] day by the tables or slots. So we might end up with the same amount of money with only 70% of the amount of business that it would take to do that in either of our other locations. So you can't compare apples-to-apples, they're 2 different calculations.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the commentary on New York?
Michael Alan Leven: In New York, basically, Steve, we have been having some conversations about Willard's Point [ph] in Queens. We previously have looked at Manhattan. Most of the noise we get in Manhattan is that it won't happen. We think there's a potential -- there's been some press about Willard's Point [ph]. We've looked at it, continue to look at it, we're testing that market and talking to the owners of that situation about that kind of development. And once again, that would very much depend upon what kind of arrangements we could make there, as well as what the tax rate would be. And there's lots of rumors and lots of things flying around, but we think that's a viable market, and we're under investigation there now.
Operator: And your last question comes from Carlo Santarelli from Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: The question was for Rob. You talked a little bit earlier about your mass business, your premium versus your regular mass and obviously, the 45% margins in your regular mass business. Could you guys maybe quantify a little bit the differences between the margins of that premium mass customer and that regular mass customer to the extent that there are any in Singapore and Macau?
Robert G. Goldstein: I think in Macau, it's not that material, Carlo. If you think about it, it blends out at 44 -- up to the high 40s. I don't think there's a lot of difference. We're not -- it's mostly, if it's complimentary, it's room comps, it's meals, but the spread is not great, it really isn't. Singapore, I'd say the same. It stays pretty consistent, high 60s. Slot, ETG, mass table. The margins grow, obviously, the win per table, in both markets, and the win per table is -- you're getting $20,000 per table out of The Venetian in some periods. It may ramp up, but frankly, there's not a whole lot of spread that I can tell.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And then if I could just ask a follow-up. Were there any changes in your provisions this quarter that hampered specifically the Singapore results at all?
Robert G. Goldstein: I'm sorry, I missed the first part.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Any changes in your provisions in this period.
Michael Alan Leven: Yes. [Indiscernible] We raised them.
Kenneth J. Kay: Yes, quarter-over-quarter, so third quarter 2012 versus third quarter 2011, it was about a $15 million increase in receivable provision.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. Briggs - Vice President of Investor Relations Sheldon Gary Adelson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Chairman of Las Vegas Sands Llc, Chairman of Sands China Ltd and Chief Executive Officer of Las Vegas Sands Llc Michael Alan Leven - President, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, Director, Chairman of Advisory Committee, Acting Chief Executive Officer of Sands China Ltd, President of Las Vegas Sands LLC and Chief Operating Officer of Las Vegas Sands LLC Robert G. Goldstein - Executive Vice President and President of Global Gaming Operations Kenneth J. Kay - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Venietta, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corp. Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Daniel J. Briggs: Thank you, operator. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we're making under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Federal Securities Laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS, adjusted property EBITDA, which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of those measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. In addition, we have made some supplementary presentation slides available on our website, including a presentation of hold adjusted, adjusted property EBITDA over the last 5 quarters. With that, I'll turn it over to Mr. Adelson.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We reported $845 million in EBITDA, of $2.58 billion in revenue for the second quarter of 2012. Our revenue for the quarter would have been $107.5 million higher had we held normally in Macau, Singapore and Las Vegas. Our adjusted property EBITDA difference from the prior year quarter is fully explained by the additional EBITDA of approximately $88 million. From the low hold as well as the decision to increase that provision for accounts receivable in Singapore by an additional $29 million. We reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.44 for the quarter. That number would have been $0.09 higher adjusted for hold and now they're $0.02 higher after adding back elevated legal expenses in the quarter, so $0.55 in total. Before Mike, Rob and Ken provide some more specific instance, let me share with you my view from the pilot's seat. We own outstanding assets in every market in which we operate. We happen to operate in the best gaming markets in the world. And when you have outstanding assets in the best markets, there will be significant opportunities for growth. Let me now spend a moment talking specifically about our opportunities for strong growth and outstanding returns in Macau. In short, there are 4 reasons for my optimism. First, we have opened the first phase of Cotai Central. It is and it has performed well and has been well received by customers. And Mike will give you some details on how we've done in Macau. Second, our investments on Cotai are allowing us to grow faster than the market and revenue share and in due course, EBITDA growth and bottom line profitability will follow. Next, new infrastructure linking more of China to Macau will be added steadily in the years ahead and will increase meaningful and will meaningfully enhance market growth in Macau. Our investments on Cotai will allow us to handle, allow us to benefit disproportionately. Final, Parcel 3 will add another Integrated Resort development for us in the world's largest and most profitable gaming market. With that backdrop, it's pretty easy to understand my optimism. While we still have work to do, strong revenue growth is on display in our results today even while Cotai Central won't truly begin its ramp until early next year. At Cotai, we are on the verge of combining more than 9,000 hotel rooms with an unmatched collection of leisure business activities and amenities. And through a series of indoor and climate-controlled covered outdoor walkways and moving sidewalks, it will all essentially be under one roof. We believe that Cotai Strip will continue to serve as a strong and essential contributor to the Macau governments publicly expressed desire to develop Macau into a world center of tourism and leisure. When you factor in that no additional competitive capacity will be coming on Cotai for the next 3 to 4 years, the barriers to new entry into the market, the increased spend per visitor the market is currently enjoying and the future completion of infrastructure projects that will connect Macau more conveniently to the remainder of China, the opportunity for the continued growth is outstanding. In addition to our inherent organic growth potential, we also have growth which will be achieved through the addition of Parcel 3. After the recent extension of the completion deadline, we now have an important new project in our development pipeline. While we will continue to aggressively explore new opportunities in Asia, including in Japan, Korea and Vietnam, and elsewhere around the globe, we have already submitted our Parcel 3 design plans to the Macau government, and pending government approval, we hope to begin putting pylons in the ground by this November. Before I turn it over to the guys to provide some additional perspective on our operations in Macau, Singapore and here in the U.S., let me leave you with this. Our core strength is that we are in Asian markets that present significant opportunities for revenue, EBITDA and free cash flow growth in the future. We also have the right team in place today to execute on those opportunities. Mike's recent contract extension as President and Chief Operating Officer, together with Rob's extension as President of Global Gaming and the addition of Chris Cahill, our Executive Vice President of Operations gives us a strong leadership team for the future. On top of that, our success and unique position in the industry provides us the financial strength and flexibility to both pursue and invest in new development opportunities around the world, which we will do in a strategic and disciplined manner while continuing to return cash to shareholders. So with that, let me now turn it over to Mike Leven and the rest of the team.
Michael Alan Leven: Thanks, Sheldon. I will make some brief comments on operations in general. Robin and Ken will add some short comments and we will move on to your questions. Let me point out that available on our website is an adjusted property EBITDA presentation which presents hold adjustments for each of the last 5 quarters. We received feedback that would be helpful to all of you. We listened and we will be providing that information going forward. Moving to operations, we are pleased with the early performance of Cotai Central since we opened the first phase of the property in April. The positives are many. Our hotels are enjoying strong occupancy, including 61% in April, 74% in May, 85% of the month of June and the ramp continues into July. This is, in fact, higher occupancy that we enjoyed at this stage with either the Four Seasons Hotel in Macau in 2008 or Marina Bay Sands in Singapore, and it is almost as strong as the The Venetian Macau's performance in 2007. The quality and satisfaction scores for both hotels are outstanding, with the Holiday Inn enjoying the highest customer satisfaction marks of any property in their Asian portfolio. While the number of mass gaming units in the Cotai Central is quite limited in its first phase, with approximately 200 mass tables and 800 slots and ETGs, the win per mass table per day is easily exceeding the early performance at both The Venetian Macau and Marina Bay Sands. The win per slot machine or ETG seat per day is double what the Sands Macau accomplished at the opening and is 4x the level of The Venetian Macau back in 2007. It is clear that the early performance at Cotai Central bodes well for our future results. Even before we opened the second phase of Cotai Central, the new capacity is allowing us for the first time in recent memory to grow faster year-over-year than the Macau market in every gaming sector category, VIP, mass tables and slots. We grew gross gaming revenue 26%. The Macau market grew 14%. We grew VIP revenue by more than 20%. The Macau market grew 8%. While everybody else is talking about VIP contraction, we are experiencing VIP expansion. We grew mass table revenues, including revenue from ETGs, nearly 40% and the Macau market grew 34%. We grew slot revenue 19% and the Macau market was up 16%. When the second phase of Cotai Central opens just 57 days from today on September 20, we will add another 200 mass tables to the property, as well as 1,200 more slot and ETG units. Together, we're up to 2,500 additional Sheraton-branded hotel rooms and suites, plus additional retail, dining and entertainment amenities, we are confident that additional capacity and amenities will meaningfully improve the financial performance of the property. Looking further ahead as the additional 1,500 Sheraton tower branded rooms and suites come online throughout October, November and December and the air-conditioned walkover bridge connecting The Venetian and Four Seasons to Cotai Central opens in January of '13, the true ramp and the earnings power of Cotai Central will be reflected in our financial results. In Singapore Marina Bay Sands, we enjoyed good growth in all areas during the quarter with the exception of the rolling volume. Hotel RevPAR was up nearly 30% in the quarter compared to last year, with occupancy at 99.1%. Our retail rents also reflected meaningful growth with mall revenue up 13% in the quarter compared to 1 year ago. Adjusted for hold, our EBITDA at Marina Bay Sands would've been approximately $387.7 million. The success of Marina Bay Sands in developing tourism to Singapore has been widely recognized. Singapore's Strait Times recently reported the following. Tourist arrivals to Singapore were up a healthy 15% in the quarter as of March 31. Travel agents reported that RWS and Marina Bay Sands still ranked high on the must-do lists for visitors in Singapore. MBS, with its sky park specifically pulls in crowds from India, China and Japan. Travel agents also shared that most Japanese visitors to Singapore want to stay at MBS because it has become iconic throughout Japan and they want to be able to tell their friends that they stayed there. Not bad press. We are confident that this magnificent property in South Asia's most important tourism destination with outstanding transportation infrastructure, a large population base, growing regional wealth and a duopoly environment for gaming through at least 2017, will provide an outstanding platform for continued growth in the years ahead. In Las Vegas, we reported $64.4 million in EBITDA during the quarter. We held poorly in Las Vegas this quarter. We should have reported approximately $76.9 million in EBITDA if we had held as expected. Groups' rooms business and pricing is picking up for 2013. We are investing for the future in Las Vegas, renovating 1,000 rooms in our Venetian tower, remodeling and redesigning the gaming floor at The Venetian and introducing a whole new entertainment offerings in the fall. With that, I will turn it over to Rob. I look forward to addressing your questions in a few minutes.
Robert G. Goldstein: Thanks, Mike. Our gaming business is divided in 3 primary segments, VIP or premium tables, mass tables and the slot ETG segment. Macau exceptional growth has been fueled by the growth of VIP segment for the past 2 years. Much has been said about deceleration of VIP segment, but rumors of its death might be greatly exaggerated. Our VIP segment has grown considerably over the past few years due to market growth and management focus. The VIP segment represent about $500 million of departmental income annualized or about 25% to 30% of our overall EBITDA in Macau, once Cotai Central is completed. But the greatest opportunity for LVS in Macau resides in the mass table market where we are in a very unique position. Sheldon's $9 billion of Integrated Resort investment, allows us to earn the lion's share of the growth on Cotai. We will have a great opportunity on mass tables and slots in the years ahead. The mass table market grew 33% in the most recent quarter and, more importantly, represents a 45% margin as opposed to VIP's 12% to 14% margin. The infrastructural improvements in Macau and the mainland will make this the most profitable segment in Macau. With our Cotai position, we are well positioned to capitalize on that opportunity. Singapore's incredible success as the opening in 2010 is well documented, the VIP segment has not grown in the last quarter. We believe that Singapore's tourism and our properties' unique position will yield results in the future. Our mass table and slot win exceed $4.5 million per day this quarter. We have seen some growth in that segment, but not the growth we have previously experienced. However, 300 million people within a 90-minute flight or a car trip give us confidence that there is considerable room for growth as tourism expands. I look forward to speaking with you further on the Q&A section. I'll turn it over to Ken Kay.
Kenneth J. Kay: Thanks, Rob. The balance sheet and cash flows are a simple story. Our cash flow remains robust and we are confident about its future growth. We retain the financial strength, both invest in new development opportunities and to return cash to shareholders, and we will continue to do both. Our Board of Directors approved yesterday our third consecutive quarterly dividend of $0.25 per share. We meaningfully reduced our debt outstanding during the quarter. We prepaid $400 million on the U.S. Restricted Group facility, reducing the outstanding amount on that facility to $2.4 billion as of June 30. In addition, we paid -- we prepaid $131 million to retire our Macau ferry financing. After the prepayments, our total debt outstanding at June 30 was $9.4 billion. Our weighted average borrowing cost for the second quarter was 3%. Our borrowing costs remained quite low, and with the recent refinancing of our Singapore credit facility, we have no sizable debt maturities until 2014. Despite retiring more than $500 million of debt during the quarter, we held approximately $3.5 billion of cash and cash equivalent on the balance sheet at June 30. Our consolidated net leverage ratio at June 30, based on trailing 12 months of EBITDA, was 1.54x. Our capital expenditures during the second quarter were $337 million. We expect to spend approximately $500 million at Sands Cotai Central before the end of the year and another $500 million thereafter. We will continue to invest in our other operating properties. We expect maintenance CapEx across our property portfolio to be approximately $350 million for the rest of 2012, taking us to about $500 million for the full year. And although we're in the midst of our planning for next year, I expect we will be close to that same amount for 2013. With that, let me hand the call back over to Mike.
Michael Alan Leven: Thanks, Ken. Operator, we are now ready to begin the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Daniel J. Briggs: [Operator Instructions]
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Mark Strawn with Morgan Stanley.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Rob, you mentioned the opportunity in the mass table side and going through some of the recent trends maybe you're seeing in that market in Macau, it seems like visitation is starting to slow somewhat from China. Can you talk about what you're seeing in the market and at your properties and in Cotai in general?
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes. Mark, I think we see, as I mentioned, in my remarks, is an amazing opportunity which is unique to this company and that we're going to have over 1,000 mass tables on the floor at the end of Sands Cotai and we have over 9,000 keys. We're seeing the ramp continues for us at mass tables. So we've kind of divided into the pure mass, and I would call this the premium mass, then finally the super mass, meaning tables earned as much as $20,000 per day, which is happening in some of our Venetian property. I think for this company, obviously, that 33% growth last quarter, it bodes very well. Visitation may be slowing and not as strong as it was, but the better customers keep coming and the real question obviously for the market is, does the spend continue with the deceleration of the VIP? And you can make whatever argument you want to make. We believe that, that segment will continue to grow and we believe we'll be a player in each of the 3 sub segments because of the amount of tables it has to offer, the rooms, the retail, especially Sands Cotai Central is built for that. We've seen terrific growth the last 2 years, and I don't see reason why that would slow down for us. We have the offerings. We also have the ability to go to ETGs and more of the mass table side which is being pushed out of the market. Some of that demand is being pushed aside by some operators by raising table limits to HKD 300, HKD 400 per bet. We can take that demand on our ETG levels because we have lots of capacity, about 7,000 slot ETG positions. I don't know how else to say it, but we think the opportunity for us is massive. It's still 33% growth. Even if it slows down to 25% or 20%, we're just very uniquely positioned. We feel very good about it for the balance of the year.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then just one follow-up on the free cash flow, I know Ken mentioned the cash balance at the end of the quarter and you continue to generate significant cash. If you think about the uses of that cash going forward, whether returning to shareholders in the form of increasing the dividend or a buyback or maintaining reserves for future developments, can you just update us on your latest thinking there?
Kenneth J. Kay: Yes, it's Ken and I appreciate that. I mean you've pretty much enumerated all of the possibilities there. And as we look out over the horizon, I think all of those are definite possibilities that we're considering, and I think we get more intelligent with each passing quarter with regard to, I suppose, the realization of some of those future development opportunities. And so as we take that into account, we'll obviously consider each one of those, the different alternatives with regard to returning some more of that money to shareholders as our cash balance continues to build.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You talked about that credit provision at Marina Bay Sands in the quarter. Can you talk about collections in Macau and if you could help us understand what the balances are in Macau and Singapore at the end of June?
Kenneth J. Kay: Yes, sure. Let me just give you kind of an overall perspective with regard to receivables and I can go into the specifics, if you will. Just looking at Marina Bay Sands, for instance, I think we're in pretty good shape. Any slower collection issues that we have encountered are really specific to isolated accounts as opposed to systemic problems across the portfolio of accounts. And just to give you some perspective on that, since the inception of Marina Bay Sands, we've had credit drop of about $10.4 billion. And when you consider that our Singapore casino receivable balance at June 30 is about $822 million, that means we've collected over $9.5 billion of credit issued and played, which is about over 91%. And then against that receivable balance, we've got about $192 million in reserve or about 1.9% of the total credit drop, which gives you an idea of really how small the potential for bad debt really is. That reserve is about 29% of receivables, excluding open programs and less than 30 days accounts outstanding. And then additionally, life-to-date the reserves about 6.9% of rolling win, which is within the range we've discussed before. So despite the fact that the percentage of rolling win in this quarter was a little bit higher, I think we're tracking pretty much where we expected to be in terms of overall credit. When you look at it from a Macau perspective, really, the growth in receivables has predominantly come from the increase in accounts from junkets. And so at the end of June 30, 2012, we have in total receivables in Macau, it's about $680 million, about $510 million of that is really from junkets. So although we've had some increase from direct customers, it's big increases come from junkets which obviously pay on a very rapid basis. And we've continued to collect from the junkets as we have in the past. We really see no deterioration from that perspective. Our reserves have grown a little bit just from a prudency standpoint and against that total amount of receivables, we've got about a 15% reserve that's outstanding.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great, helpful. And then for the September 20 Phase 2a, expansion at Sands Cotai Central, you talked about having additional 200 mass tables there. Are you talking about incrementally new tables with government approving that or are you talking about shifting those 200 tables and sourcing them from other properties?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: So our indication from the government has always been that we would get 400 additional tables for Cotai Central. On September 20, we will not have all of those 400, but we will be getting them throughout the rest of the year. By the time we open the last property, the last 2,000 or 1,500 rooms in January, we will have, guaranteed, the 400 additional tables. So there will be some movement of some tables on September 20.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to ask about kind of the Macau properties overall. When I kind of looked at the group as a portfolio and now that you have Cotai Central in it, it gets a little harder to compare. But one of the things that we're kind of seeing is that it looks like last year, property level margins were pretty steady in the 33% range across the kind of Macau portfolio. They were still pretty steady in the first quarter at 32%, but then they dipped to about 29.5%. You obviously have some kind of ramp-up time and some operating leverage or deleverage at Cotai Central, but could -- was there anything else on the expense side or anything else that kind of crept up as you think about the Macao properties overall? Any reason that you can't get back to mid-30s once you get more volume into the Cotai Central?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: We're down 29%.
Michael Alan Leven: 29.2%
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Yes. The margin gets impacted by especially good VIP play that's grown. It takes a little while for the mass to catch up to that. We've said in a long time ago, that that's what happened in the early opening of Sands Cotai Central and as well as the efficiency when you start, it's not going to be the efficiency when you finish. There is some pay overload getting ready for the next opening, and whatever that's carried there and as those flattens out, you'll see those margins return into the 30s.
Robert G. Goldstein: Shaun, it's Rob. I think you know that Sands Cotai is underperforming in the mass table side and doing pretty well in the VIP side. So the mix there is skewed toward the lower margin 12%, 14% versus the 45%. I've got to tell you, I think once that really ramps up, it's going to be and that property's really fully open because right now, it's a very young, very immature property. I think the margins will be better than any place in the group because that is built for the mass, premium mass, 6,000 keys, lots of retail. I think the VIP growth can get better, but nowhere near the opportunity we've got to get to on the mass tables. Once that margin goes from being a small part of the mix, versus a large part of the mix on the mass table side, that all will self-correct. Everything is fine in the rest of the properties, it all ties back to Cotai.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that's great color. And then my other question will just beyond, just maybe the overall promotional environment and kind of levels here as you've seen gross gaming revenue growth kind of level off. Have you seen any areas of kind of promotional activity? Another competitor talked a little bit about probably some increased competition. Obviously, you guys are driving a piece of that with all the new supply out of Cotai Central, but just kind of what are you seeing with any sequential change, and that would be helpful?
Robert G. Goldstein: I think just the opposite. We're seeing there's talked about -- obviously, the junkets segment has remained pretty much fixed, no one's moving numbers there, so I don't think that's a concern. There's competition on the slot ETG and mass tables side. We haven't seen evidence of that, but it make sense to me that they will be moving in that direction because that's where the growth is. I mean, the story as the acceleration of VIP continues, the opportunities in Macau are going to move more to slot ETG and mass tables and I wouldn't be surprised if some people are being more aggressive. But in the end, we don't see a need to move our margins or be more aggressive because we've got the product in place, the infrastructure in place to compete very well. We've got the tables, we've got the sleeping rooms, we've got the food and beverage and retail. And as Cotai gets more and more mature, we've seen this was referenced earlier in the call, you saw it in Singapore, you saw it in Venetian Macau. Venetian Macau opened up to sub-$100 win per unit per day in the slots. Tables were about 3,000 or 4,000 a day. That probably now does 4x that in terms of the win per units. And so the point being is as that matures, we see no reason to repeat on pricing, just the opposite. We've got the infrastructures to stay consistent.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jon Oh with CLSA.
Daniel J. Briggs: Jon, just a second. This is Dan. I just wanted to point out, Shaun as well, that if you look at Page 6 on the deck on the website on a hold-adjusted basis for the quarter, we are at 34.3% for the company, overall. And I know if you look at the -- at page -- sorry, Page 7, you can also see that on hold-adjusted basis, we're at 30.1% in the Macau operations for the quarter. Okay, Jon?
Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I have a question on Macau. Could you give us some color as to the credit appetite from the VIP players in recent times? And also, for the credit appetite of your junkets and also your direct VIP play, are we seeing any significant shift in that business?
Robert G. Goldstein: I don't think the problem resides in the credit, Jon. The problem resides in the demand side. We've, anecdotally, talked to our junket people at the time and the feedback we're getting is not that they're not -- they're still, they're cautious of credit, as they've always been. I'm not sure it's significantly changed. The difference, I think, I believe, both in Singapore and Macau and even in the U.S. is customer demand. We have -- where there's appetite for credit, we grant it the same way we always have and we try to be judicious about it. But I don't think the junket people, nor do I think our direct sales people are seeing us pull back on credit, you're seeing a pullback in consumer demand.
Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And just a follow-up on Singapore along the same veins on Rolling Chip, we've seen that number pretty much range around the $11 billion to $12 billion per quarter. If you were to look at the seasonality of this quarter, is there anything specific to it that we should pick out as to the number that we saw? Or is there anything else that should read into the demand of VIP play in the Singapore region?
Robert G. Goldstein: I think we said before, and I think it remains true, that Singapore is very, very chunky. It's very, very concentrated. The reality of Singapore is, that you've got people making large bets with large bank rolls, but they come and go as they please. They're not as seasonally driven as you might think. They're driven by their desire to be there. And you're right. We're disappointed growth hasn't continued. We haven't seen it ramped. We had quarters of $15 billion, $16 billion, we're back to $11.5 billion. And I can't give you a good way to look at that, other than to say, that it's how we concentrate it. It's mostly out of mainland China, it's mostly foreign visitors to Singapore. We had a lot of faith that we have a fabulous product in a very, very strong market, but hard to put any color other than to say that, we live quarter to quarter and see how it goes. We have a high-concentrated market there, unlike Macau, which it's neighbor is mainland China and access is terrific. Singapore has to fly to get there, and it's is a much more of a premium-driven market with people gambling $5 million, $10 million. You don't have the plethora of people betting $0.5 million, $1 million like you do in Macau.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I'd like to say, that -- it's Sheldon, I'd like to say that this is -- we're in the gaming business. The rate of hope goes up and down and one quarter does not a trend make. Anybody who thinks that the cultural habits of the Asian people is changing because of one hold -- one reduction in the hold even though it amounted to over $100 million at the top line. Anybody who thinks that this is the change of culture is just missing the boat. For thousands of years, the Asian people have been seeing gaming and chance taking as their form of entertainment, and anybody who thinks that a quarter is creating a new trend, there is nothing on the horizon, nothing within sight, nothing on the horizon that would suggest that the gaming habits of Asian people are going to change. There must be something in the wind or in the air or in the food that had a -- we didn't have -- first of all, the law of big numbers says that we're not going to grow from $100 like we grew when we were at $10, so the percentage of growth is going to be a smaller number. But anybody who says that the culture that has existed for thousands of years and the habits of the Asian people is changing because of 1 quarter with low hold, I think, is just missing the boat.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: On Sands Cotai, you all have talked a lot about how the property probably won't hit its full stride until the third quarter of next year. I'm just wondering, is there any reason to believe or why margins would not be Venetian type of EBITDA margins?
Robert G. Goldstein: I think they can be better, Felicia, but only because Venetian -- here's the plus and minus. Venetian is a themed property, gets ridiculous amount of visitation, 100,000 people on a good Saturday, and that theme is very powerful and potent and so is the retail, and that drives terrific visitation, no question. The difference is, the Cotai property has double the sleeping rooms and equally strong retail product is not themed, in my opinion, the Venetian theme is superior. Once we connect, one of the things we need to do right away, we're getting to it by the end of this year is connect the 2 properties by a walkover bridge. I think that's going to be very impactful for visitation of both properties. In essence, we have 7,000 property Venetian Cotai -- 9,000 Venetian Cotai and the Four Seasons. But there's no reason why once -- the shortcoming in Sands Cotai is in a mass and premium mass, which is the sweet spot of that properties fiscal ability. I think once we figure it out, we can get our space right, we also let's face it, we didn't put enough slot ETG product on the floor. Let's not kid ourselves. It was a mistake not to do that. We had 800 positions right now that are outproducing all other properties. So we've got to get more slot ETG positions. That comes together in the fall. We've got to get that crossover bridge, that happens by year end. We've got to employ more sleeping rooms for the gaming sector. And I think when all that comes together, the margins will be very fat and happy. We're really happy where the junkets are landing, and that keeps growing, but the real upside for that property is slot ETG mass premium tables, and that's the margin's sweet spot.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Come on guys. Let me call to your attention. That's a very good question, Felicia, and let me answer it. First of all, at the Venetian margin, we have rooms that -- whose ADR is substantially higher. And we've got 2,500 rooms open and we've got all the non-gaming activities, we've got a huge 350-tenant shopping mall, we're connected to the high-end shopping at the Four Seasons. We had a showroom opened. We just closed it recently. We have a lot of non-gaming income that's contributing to the EBITDA percentage. I want to point out to you that in growing the 1,200 rooms of Holiday Inn and the 600 rooms of Conrad and ramping it up, we are running at extremely very, very good occupancy percentages. But we've come up with a revenue management is intentionally kept low so that we could ramp it up in the future and get higher numbers. So if we're looking at a $100 at Holiday Inn and $150 at Conrad, we're comparing that to USD 215, USD 300 a day at The Venetian with more rooms. The second issue is, that all of the non-gaming activities at Cotai Central are barely half open, so we're opening the 6,000 rooms. We will have 6,000 rooms open within a few short months. We're opening tower, the second tower of about 2,000 keys September 20. And in addition to that, we're going to open about 500 rooms in the third room tower of another 2,000, 2,200 rooms. So we're opening on September 20 a lot of the additional non-gaming activities that we have in the Venetian that we don't yet have open at Cotai Central. With that additional income from the additional amenities that are generated that income and at the casino that's a lot closer on a mass side and another 200 tables on the mass side, then we're going to have a percentage that will be where the Venetian Macau is and will continue. So when we get all the non-gaming or we get the gaming open and we stabilize the prices for the hotel rooms, then we will have significantly greater than what it is today. We're in the ramp-up period.
Robert G. Goldstein: Can I have one point, Sheldon. It's just for fun if you do the math. Just one thought for you. Our Four Seasons numbers are in excess of 12,000 win per unit per day in the mass and the Venetian run about 9,500. So blend out 10,000 per day. Cotai's running right now at about 5,000 per day. If we get -- when that number gets to 10,000 per day on 400 tables, we've got a run rate of $1.4 billion at 45%. If that happens, you're making $600 million, $700 million out of mass, if and when that happens. If we consistently match our existing portfolio out in Cotai, Sands Cotai is making $600 million, $700 million departmentally next year. So our goal, I think what Ed Tracy and David Sisk and the guys who run that place are trying to do is figure out how to ramp that number using rooms, retail, et cetera. When that happens, you're talking before the junket play kicks in, in excess of $600 million, $700 million of departmental contribution, so that solves all of your problems as far as margin and being profitable. We think that's very, very doable. It's not pie-in-the-sky. We're not aspiring something that's not achievable. I think it's very achievable.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: In addition to that, I'd like to point out, we have a piece of land that we acquired when we acquired lots 5 and 6, and it’s called the tropical gardens. It's a big strip. It goes well beyond the length of our properties the depth from East to West. And it cuts in a couple of other properties on the other side of the back service room, 339 feet wide, and we have come up with an idea to develop that not with other Integrated Resort, but with the multilevel very, very high-powered retail mall that will be both a standalone mall that will be a major attraction and contribute further to Macau being the shopping city between Hong Kong and Macau, and we will have a connection to lot 6 from that -- well, and we don't know, we are in the process of doing the design. And we could have anywhere from 500,000 to 800,000 net leasable square footage, and we'll have another air-conditioned moving sidewalk walkway going one over to Parcel 3. And so it will be a circle of all under one roof, that part of the Cotai Strip. This is our -- this was my idea, this was my vision, and the other competitors may or may not have any additional land. The Macau Studio City will be build next to our lot 3, but we have a big footprint there because we were the guys who started it. I started it. Nobody wanted to buy into the idea and not everybody wants to give their right arm and maybe their left arm, if they're lefties. And they want to get into Cotai. Nobody wanted to get into Cotai before. I think that we're looking, we've got more development. If we can do that tropical garden development and we think we can, as the other part that's on, I don't know if it's part of lot 2 or lot 3. There's another part of the tropical gardens that we've been asking the government to develop and there's still a couple of more other development pieces that we could do. We haven't done the fourth tower on lots 5 and 6, and there's still the potential for another tower of either rooms or apartments in the back of the Venetian and possibly on the West side of the strip on the tropical garden. So we've got an awful lot of development opportunities that nobody else has because our vision, our development, they've passed on it in the past, now they're trying to catch up. So they've got to go to the backside of the strip.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I looked at your slides, actually Slide 20, and I looked at your hold adjusted property EBITDA and I appreciate that you're starting to show that. And if you look at the quarterly spread between the reported and the hold adjusted, it's getting wider over the past 5 quarters, going from $36 million to now in this quarter $88 million of difference. And sometimes it was positive, sometimes it was negative. But I sort of thought that as you got more and more used to your customer base and as the volumes increase that this would start to smooth out. So I wanted to know whether there was a customer profile or the way they're playing that is changing and should we expect even more volatility as you get bigger, which would go against, I guess, the law of large numbers that they should start to smooth out?
Robert G. Goldstein: Steve, it's Rob. I think you're absolutely right. It's a big spread this quarter, but it will probably be the other way next quarter because volatility is diminished as we have volume and the volume keeps increasing as you can see. We had a bad run in Singapore. It will self-correct and I don't think we have any trepidation or whatsoever that in the end of the day, this company has very low volatility. Despite this quarter's swing when you look at this company, at the end of the year, it's a nonevent.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Bob, is it starting to correct already?
Robert G. Goldstein: I can't -- let me give you some numbers. Let me break out July for you. I just don't think it's something that you got to waste a lot of time on. I think at the end of the day, we will be where we need to be. We look at our business day in and day out based on volume. We're more interested in volume than the hold percentage because we have some very good days and very bad days. This quarter had some bad days, but I don't think it's something I'm going to spend a whole lot of time on. We're handling -- no one's ever done -- years ago at Caesars Palace, this was a big thing every quarter 4 guys will win or 3 guys would lose. This company has so many thousand of people gambling so much money. I think when the year's over, it would be a nonevent for you and everyone in this room.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Steve, this is Sheldon. I'd like to point something out. Up until this quarter, we had 11 straight quarters of growth. When you have 11 straight quarters of growth, how do you interpret volatility?
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'm not sure, Sheldon, if you're asking me that question, but all I'm saying is as the business gets bigger.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I'm asking you that question, Steve. How do you conclude volatility out of 11 straight quarters of growth?
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Well, your own slide shows the volatility, Sheldon. It's getting wider and wider.
Michael Alan Leven: Steve, this is Mike. If you...
Sheldon Gary Adelson: One quarter to last year's quarter. If you look -- unless you look at something I don't have.
Michael Alan Leven: If you look at the quarter-to-quarter to the second quarter of '11 the third quarter '11, it's basically the same volatility. What you are saying is in '12. It's larger in '12 than it was in the first quarter or the second quarter, it's larger. There could be a multiple reasons for that. You could have more players playing. That will give you wider variation on the hold. At the end of the day, I think if you look at the normalization range, whatever is played on the revenue and the volume is going to end up at that level of volatility. So I think it's -- I don't think it's anything you can really forecast except that if you end up at 2.85% or 2.9% or 3% as your hold, your real forecast is what is the revenue number, what is the roll number? And we could be -- so I don't -- as Rob said, I don't think there's any science to it. I think it's basically going to end up in the same place. What we gained in the first quarter, we lost in the second quarter.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes, I think, Steve, that's the appropriate comment we Mike just made. We picked $72 million plus side Q1 against the expected hold adjust. We lost back $87 million, so net net net on billions of dollars of volume, the net's less than $20 million first half of the year. That could be -- it just is not that big a deal.
Kenneth J. Kay: Steve, the other way to think about ...
Sheldon Gary Adelson: The difference in what you're calling volatility and the delta between an adjusted and unadjusted, this has nothing to do with us, it's the nature of the law of averages. Sometimes you're up, sometimes you're down. So it has nothing to do with any operational policy or whatever we do. One day, we could be -- the difference would be 100% and the next day, it could be minus, and there's nothing that we can control and there's nothing, I don't believe, there is anything that one can interpret out of the difference between the hold adjusted and non-hold adjusted over a period of time.
Kenneth J. Kay: And Steve, when you think about the fact that Singapore, if it holds very heavy, all of that comes to us, every single bit of it except for the taxes. And when we hold light, obviously, we -- the impact is much, much greater on the flow-through basis because your taxes are around 10% in Singapore and your taxes are 40% when you hold heavy or light in Macau. So that makes a big difference in what flows through the EBITDA.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a quick question on Singapore as it relates to seasonality there and when you come out of obviously having seen some changes in the market in 2Q, do you guys still have a pretty good sense or feel you have you hands around seasonality whereas third quarter should likely be the strongest of the year, especially from the VIP side?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I think it's too -- this is Sheldon. I think we still don't have the handle on seasonality. The period of opening and the ramp up period is still too slow. I think we need 3 or 4 years to determine a definitive basis when and what the seasonality is. I don't -- maybe my colleagues have some other answer, but that's my answer.
Robert G. Goldstein: Got to divide it, too, Carlo, into the different parts of the business on the hotel side one seasonality versus the high-roller side versus the local business. So I think on the VIP side, it's very hard for me to get a sense of the seasonality. It's just -- we had a great, obviously, Q1 is always a strong quarter because of the Chinese New Year. Last year, we bought the $16 billion roll in the third quarter because honestly, 25 people showed up that they rolled excessively. I don't think that's a trend or a seasonal thing. That's 25 guys deciding to do something that quarter and gamble with us. And that could happen this quarter. And I don't think that's a trend. I think that's an aberrational in terms of the third quarter of '11.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Rob, that's helpful. And then if you guys don't mind, could you comment a little bit about how you're seeing share in that market between mass and VIP?
Robert G. Goldstein: Share as far as...
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just your competitor in both segments.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: We're moving up.
Robert G. Goldstein: I've been seeing new numbers recently, but I think that we feel very good about MBS and relative positioning to our competitor, RWS. I think we -- that's an indicated quarter after quarter. We're not going to change our credit policies and change our promotional policies. We stay consistent and I think it's -- in the end, we've got the best of it and we feel very good about our competitive position both in mass, slot, ETG as well as the VIP segment. I don't think we do a lot different than we've done already and the numbers are the numbers last 2 years. They're a good competitor, but we are very comfortable, we are vis-à-vis the 2 properties.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of the Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: A follow-up question on cash on your balance sheet for Sheldon. You're sitting on a lot now. It's going to be even bigger by the end of the year. Sheldon, what would you like to see done with that?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: It's a personal question. Since I own 431 million shares, I'd like to see some more dividends. What I'd like to see, I'm looking at the price of the stock, I think I'm going to have a call with the members of the board to see if we could put aside some money to buy back some shares at these prices. But certainly we're going to -- our intention -- my intention, I think the board's intention, is to -- and by the way, I simply don't vote on the board regarding the dividends. I think I have a little bit of a conflict of interest here. But anyway, everybody -- we want the shareholders, whether it's me, my wife, my kids, my pets, my doggies or kitties, beside them every other shareholder in the company wants dividends. So we'll probably focus more on dividends, but I'm going to tell you, look at the stock price now as we are talking and it seems to me that it's one hell of a good reason to take a lot of the money and put it into some buyback. It's a great, it's a superb opportunity for buyback.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: The second question, a little less amusing, is the potential to amend the Casino Control Act in Singapore, there is some debate over that. The Singaporeans are attempting to restrict local visitation more and more. Could you give us an update on where you think that process is going? And given those headwinds, do you expect to see mass casino volumes continue to increase?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: First of all, the Singaporeans, there's a law of Singapore that any discussions with the government, it's illegal to disclose that. However, I can discuss what's been in the press, what's in -- what we normally call the PD, public domain. Public domain shows that the government is interested in protecting the more vulnerable people in society. But I, as an individual, and our company has this kind of morality that we don't want to take money from poor people. So we don't have any problem if they want to put a limitation on either the visitation or the exclusion of very poor people who live in 3-room apartments that earn less than a certain number that puts them in and also that according to the paper, that receive welfare -- Singapore doesn't have welfare, but they receive money from the government to subsidize their living expenses. We don't want money from those people. That's not the kind of business that we run. I don't want it morally. The company doesn't want money like that morally. We want to see people who enjoy themselves when they come to gamble and the mass market end of it. And if the Singapore government wants to put the limit on the key financial stability and as society, I think that's good for them. Listen, I come from a very poor family. Nobody put limits on my parents and my father, when he wanted he wanted to build his Suffolk Downs in Boston and spend a lot of money on the ponies, I wish somebody would have put money on him on that. Maybe I might have been able to go to summer camp. Rob is just saying instead of going to summer camp, I should buy them all. But I'm a little handicapped so I can't run, can't slide into places like I used to. So it's good for the government. This is -- my feeling has always been, if you don't like the way the government does things, don't go there. Now we're already there. We're doing very well and we don't make the kind of money we do and we don't see the future coming out of poor, unfortunate, very vulnerable people. My wife and I developed 3 Adelson clinics to treat drug -- narcotic drug addicts and I have to tell you that a lot of them are very poor people. They're very exceptionally grateful, of course, we get some affluent people once in a while, but we care about these people. And when I was a kid before I met my present wife, I opened up an adolescent drug abuse treatment center for 250 kids in Stulton, a suburb outside of Boston. So we care about people that have compulsive behaviors, we care about people with their problems. And coming from a poor family, I appreciate the travails of a poor family. We don't want to make money from them. But we certainly respect what the government is doing.
Harry C. Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: But at end of the day, do you think that the mass can continue to grow into 2013 assuming some of these restrictions intensify to some degree?
Michael Alan Leven: I think so.
Robert G. Goldstein: Harry, you're also discounting I think...
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Just let me finish one thing. 75% or more depending -- varies day-to-day and there's a little bit of a downward trend. The number of Singaporeans that come into the property is approximately 25%. We don't know how much that's one per unit per day. In the mass market, from the Singaporeans, we haven't calculated that. I'm not sure that we can accurately. So from that standpoint, the number of foreigners that are coming in are increasing the mass market return. So we've got 3/4 of the mass market, of the total visitation is fine.
Robert G. Goldstein: We can't speak to the government's decisions or where they're going to the future, but we do believe strongly in the tourist market and the growth and the fact that the property's a great part of it. The Marina is wonderful. And as that hotel ramps up, it just keeps getting closer to 350, 375, more rooms, more developed. I think will be -- will participate on the mass side very well on the tourist sector.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I have a question on Singapore and we know it's volatile in terms of VIP volumes, but if you look at it on kind of a rolling 12-month average or trailing 12-month average to kind of smooth out quarterly volatility and smooth out any seasonality issues, kind of looking at it on that basis, we're still not really seeing growth in volume versus the trailing 12 months if you look at couple of quarters back. So I guess can you give a little more color on whether you think that if that's players, they come and they're not coming back or they're coming back but there aren't new players coming in the VIP and just a little more color on that. And then on the receivables front, can you clarify a little bit whether the significant provision here, is that for something that you've -- that is actually non-collectible? Or is it just that it's past a certain number of days? And so, it clicks over into having to take the write-down on it or increase reserves on it? Or it doesn't sound like you're actually you're raising reserve policies, but I just wanted to clarify why the big chunk this time?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: In one short sentence, we've got an extremely highly conservative CFO.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Well, can you clarify what conservative CFO means, changing reserve policies or just if the receivables are...
Sheldon Gary Adelson: The company -- he likes to call the glass that's half full of water, he likes to call it half empty. We like to call it half full.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I mean, did you change your reserve policies or is it just...
Kenneth J. Kay: We didn't. This is not -- I hate to say it, it's more of an approach we sit down -- it's Rob and Ken and the people in the field, as well as the people at the property and review these things every other week, and I think and we look at some of these accounts. We don't look at necessarily about the 300 days or 180 days. Look at people we've now seen not paying, not delivering and we're taking a prudent approach. It could change next quarter. I don't think it's a change in the reserve policy as much as a recognition that some people haven't paid us we thought would pay us. And we're hoping they would and they did. And I think the decision was a valid one. It's consistent in last quarter. We also ramped up last quarter. I think we've taken a more realistic viewpoint of where we stand with about $800 million of outstanding receivables. Not to say, we won't continue to pursue those questions, but I think it's the prudent thing to do and it's a lot more than a year ago, but that's how we look at receivables. And it moves -- it's a living, breathing issue. It doesn't change for us. We keep looking at it all the time and we go back and assess our weaknesses and our strengths and we came up with the bigger number this quarter, I guess.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then any thoughts in terms of the volume, as I said, even smoothing out on a 12-months basis?
Robert G. Goldstein: I don't -- look at the last 4 quarters. Look at 12.2, 16.7, 10.7, 12.8 and now 11.5. The problem is, I sound like a broken record, but I think it's consistently the same story and I think I was reading the thing you did with Grant this week on the Singapore-Macau gaming update. I think you guys nailed it pretty well there. It's a very, very concentrated market. Unfortunately, unlike Macau, it doesn't have thousands of people coming every day with $1 million or $0.5 million or $100,000. It's much more dependent on very high-end gamblers who bet large amounts of money, and primarily, they come from mainland China or they reside in Singapore as PRs occasionally or they come from around the Asian region. We just can't predict when they show up. We did a couple of special events last summer that worked very, very well. We plan to revisit that approach. We are going to get very aggressive on some very concentrated high-end events for people who gamble large amounts of money. But I would agree with you, it hasn't grown that much, it's very concentrated and the story kind of remains the same. It's not -- there's no real -- nothing new to offer that would shed more insight to Singapore's VIP market. It hasn't changed in the last 4 or 5 quarters.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I want to correct Rob Goldstein's stand. You could tell he's an old guy because he used the expression, I sound like a broken record. I haven't seen any records since I was -- about 40 or 50 years ago. Don't you know we're in a digital age.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just a final thing, just trying to get to the dollar amount of EBITDA that you're saying, you would add back $88 million for low hold, are you adjusting that down by the properties where you play a little bit above your expected range? Because the math that I'm doing here back of the envelope, I'm not getting to as high a number, and I'm just wondering if you're lowering that by like Sands Cotai Central playing a bit above average should be offsetting some of what you sort of feel would be added back.
Kenneth J. Kay: Yes, Robin. If it works, what we're doing is across all the Macau properties in total by segment, so you have to look at the junket separate from the premium direct. If we don't hold within 2.7% to 3.0%, if it's higher than the 2.7% to 3.0% by segment, then we're adjusting to the trailing 12-month average on the upside or the downside.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: We don't adjust. We don't adjust when we're in the normal range. If 2.85% is in the middle, you go from to 2.7% to 3%. No adjustment for that. It's only for under 2.7% or over 3.0%.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And so for Sands Cotai Central -- for Sands Cotai Central it's above the range, but there's no real trailing 12-month at that property? Did you just sort of kind of hold on to the above 3%...
Kenneth J. Kay: If the junket remains -- Robin, we did the junket piece altogether across all the mixed properties in Macau and they came in between 2.7% and 3.0% so there's no adjusted or whatsoever that any junket piece in Macau under this methodology, and I'm happy to take everybody through the methodology off-line.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That's fine. I guess we can't just see the breakdown, I guess, between junket and non-junket on hold. Okay.
Kenneth J. Kay: We only have 3 months, we can't take a 12 months trailing on that single property.
Daniel J. Briggs: Thanks very much for your time everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. Briggs - Vice President of Investor Relations Sheldon Gary Adelson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Chairman of Las Vegas Sands Llc, Chairman of Sands China Ltd and Chief Executive Officer of Las Vegas Sands Llc Kenneth J. Kay - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Michael Alan Leven - President, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, Director, Chairman of Advisory Committee, Acting Chief Executive Officer of Sands China Ltd, President of Las Vegas Sands LLC and Chief Operating Officer of Las Vegas Sands LLC Robert G. Goldstein - Executive Vice President and President of Global Gaming Operations
Analysts: Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Ashley, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corp. First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Briggs, you may begin your conference.
Daniel J. Briggs: Thank you, operator. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we're making under the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal Securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted property EBITDA, which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Mr. Sheldon G. Adelson
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Thank you all, for joining us today. Before we go to Q&A, let me make some brief opening remarks. I want to apologize in advance if I -- if you hear some paper rattling because I've got several papers that people have given me. I'm trying to take information from the paper. We're very pleased with the overall financial results for the quarter. As you saw in the press release, we have set an all-time industry-wide record. No company in our industry has ever achieved $1 billion EBITDA for a quarter. We're very proud of that, and we hope it will be the first of many -- well, we know it's the first of many records that we're already setting, and we hope it will be the beginning -- well, a continuation of a lot more records that we’re going to set. We also -- we went up -- the earnings per share went up 89% from last year to $0.70. Now I know there were a lot of estimates coming out in the 50s, in the $0.52, $0.53. I even saw an analyst last night that said his estimate the day before our earnings release from $0.56 to $0.61 or something like that. That was probably the highest. Our net revenue, after -- and again, according to GAAP, net revenue increased 31% to $2.76 billion. Now frankly, the gross revenue was somewhat higher, and I've been having discussions with our auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers, as to why the industry reports net. And if I read the rules regarding it under the FASB, the Financial Standards -- the Financial Accounting Standards Board, under the rules, I read that, and I have some questions about that. In any event, it would be up to $3-point-something billion. The EBITDA margin is an industry-leading EBITDA margin of 38.6%. In the case of Macau, we have results that are in excess of our Cotai share. This is the 11th consecutive quarter of EBITDA growth, and I have the chart in front of me. And it comes to a whopping and instead of CAGR, C-A-G-R, compounded annual growth rate, we've got -- I don't know how to pronounce it.
Kenneth J. Kay: CQGR.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: CQGR. Compound quarterly growth rate of 14.2% from quarter-to-quarter. I'm looking at a bar chart. For the last 11 quarters, we've gone from $247.6 million in EBITDA to $1,070,000,000 EBITDA. I suppose that managed to surprise a few of you, guys, because nobody even approached $1 billion and most of the analysts that I -- most of the analysts' projections were in the, I believe, some in the 800s, some in the low 900s. In earnings per share, we had a 47.1% increase in earnings per share. In gross revenue we had a 9.4% increase and a net revenue and a 9.1% increase. There was the -- let me look at our 2 biggest markets. Our business in Macau has never been in a stronger position. Our mass business is growing, our VIP efforts are working and our non-gaming revenue, the backbone of the IR model also increased significantly. We've had record consolidated non-model drop of $1.92 billion, up 10% versus 2011. We're cooking on all cylinders. We’ve had record consolidated slot handle up 53% to $2.1 billion. Retail mall revenue increased 30% versus last year, and I'd like to address the issue that somebody talked about that we were trueing up or loading up our books to show more income, more retail income in the fourth quarter of the year. So let me point something out you. In the United States, I've seen figures that, and you guys will probably know better than I, but I'm only going by memory, that 40% of an annual sales are done between Thanksgiving and Christmas. So the larger percentage of sales over there are done during these periods. They're in the same period. Hong Kong is not just -- it doesn't have exactly the same holidays that the mainland does. There are a lot of Christians in Hong Kong, a lot of Christmas shopping going on from different visitors to Macau. And the interesting part about it is that it's natural that in the fourth quarter, because of our relationship with the -- there is no trueing up. We don't do true-ups. But where something is required to do, a true up will do it but this is not a policy nor a practice to say we're going to pump up the figures in the last quarter of the year. The reason why the last period of year is because that's when people exceed the percentage; it's called the natural breakpoint, where they exceed the percentage of revenue that constitutes the baseline, and they go beyond the natural breakpoint. And therefore, they go into excess rent. So we get excess rent during that period. And that is why it's substantially more during that fourth quarter than there are in other quarters because the breakthrough the percentage barrier. Now there are some retailers that take percentage on a monthly basis because they’re doing so much more than the basic rent, and there are some retailers that -- everybody reports on -- well, not everybody, but the majority of the retailers, of the several hundred retailers we have, report on a monthly basis, and there are some that report quarterly. I think there's even some that report on an annual basis. So as far as retail is concerned, there is no trueing up. The percentages and the income is the way that it occurs. Hotel revenue is up 19% versus last year. And we have now -- we will have 10,000 hotel rooms before this time next year. We will open -- plans that we'll open the second phase, phase 2a, I guess, it's called of Cotai Central by September, mid-September. And I think the last phase will go to either December or January, probably January. So that will give us a total of close to 10,000 rooms and that represents probably 50% of the hotel rooms supplied in the entire city of Macau. As far as 4-star and 5-star rooms are concerned, we're way up there with a high percentage annually. Referring to what's going on in Singapore, we had another very strong quarter. The mass win per day increased 21% to $4.47 million per day, $4,470,000 per day. The mass win for Rolling Volume was up 26% over last year's quarter 1. I'd like to address that questions that have been brought up before when people think that we plateaued -- where the market has plateaued. Let me point out to you that there is, if you take 73% of about $34 billion that was conducted in Macau in 2011, you would come to about $25 billion of high roller VIP play. Now all those players don't come down to -- they don't represent the fertile opportunity that 100% of those VIP players are going to come to Singapore on one weekend. There will be a turnover, there will be a revolving number of our people coming from Macau, just like those people -- that are going to Macau that typically also go to Las Vegas; they go to Sydney, Australia; they go to Melbourne; they go to other places to play. They will -- there is a very healthy market of $25 billion of VIP play that occurred in 2011, we're already a quarter beyond that. That represents a truly fertile opportunity for us to increase and to get beyond what people think potentially is a plateau in the number of VIP players. We are constantly surprised at the -- who they are, the number of people, how they come out of the woodwork and how many they are in the world. There was a time, many years ago, 10, 15 years ago, that people thought that in the entire world there was as few as 150 VIP players. We sometimes get that in a few days, a week or 2 weeks or whatever. So there are an awful lot of people that are playing all around the world and from many different countries that nobody even thought of before. So the word plateau, in terms of Asia is not in our vocabulary. Let's see, the high-margin segments continue to grow. Our hotel room revenue was up 38% over 2011, and our mall revenue was up 25% over 2011. As in Macau, Marina Bay Sands also achieved a new record property EBITDA of $473 million. And clearly we -- if you look at the last 11 quarters, you see, we've gone an average of 14.2% quarter-to-quarter...
Kenneth J. Kay: Compound quarterly...
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Compound quarter.
Kenneth J. Kay: Compound quarterly growth rate.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: That's right. It's one of those. And if you look at that, we're just going to continue quarter by quarter. I know there are a lot of people out there, that there are some analysts out there who I've seen that seem to suggest that they either are playing on a quarter-to-quarter basis. This company is out to attract long-term value investors, investors who want to invest in a company that pays dividend, investors that want to be in a special company, and in that respect, let me read to you, at our September Investor Day that we had in New York, we read out -- there were 6 companies that fit into several categories, and I'll tell you that there's fewer than that today, but let me tell you what they are. There are 12,222 publicly traded companies on U.S. Exchange. The next category is market capitalization. There are 155 over $20 billion, and we are pushing back up against $50 billion. And that revenue compound annual growth rate of over 20%, there were 12 companies. So starting off with 12,000 plus companies, we're now down to 12 that had compound annual growth of 20%. There are, in 2013 estimated free cash flow that will yield 7.5%. There are only 3 companies. So now we're down to 3 out of 12,000. And the companies that pay current dividend, all this plus, including companies who pay dividends, there are only 2, LVS and Apple. Well, considering what Apple did today, let's put Apple first. Let's say Apple and LVS. I think it puts it in a very unique position for being considered a value investment. The second item is that -- the next item I'd like to address is that somebody came up with the idea that there was going to be a seventh concession here in Macau. Now, I don't know whether they've been reading the press or looking at press clippings or talked with to the government, but the government -- or listening to the government. The government has said, both in the prior chief executive administration and the current administration, 2009 was the year, they were going to reconsider it. They said no, no, no. If there's anybody that doesn't understand what no means, please give me a call offline, I'll be happy to explain it to you. There was also somebody who said that -- somebody speculated that we're going to have to move 386 or so odd number of tables from our other properties. Let me address that. On a daily basis, we are always shuffling tables around, moving them from one place to the other, changing the game of play from, say, a blackjack to a baccarat or vice versa. And we're always trying, on a good operational basis, to improve performance of every one of our products, whether it's a table, a slot or an EPP. So we always move tables around. Both with any property and in between properties. Now we have to get approval from the government every time we move it, so we do that. The government has committed to lenders, to provide 400 tables. They gave us 200 tables for the opening of the first of the 2 mass casinos, and they're going to give us, presumably, the second 200 tables when we go open our second casino. The casino in March 6 is part of Cotai Central. So I don't know how somebody knows so much about the government. For those people that are interested in -- that know more than we know, and maybe you would ostensibly know more than the government knows, it's right to apply for a job at us as a government relations person. Maybe we can improve our flow of information in a more qualitative way. I'd also like to straighten out another issue, and that is there's been a lot of mention of $35 billion that we're going to spend in Europe, for Europe, in Spain, for the European market. That figure was taken from a press conference that I conducted at the opening of Sands Cotai Central in April on April 11, where I answered the question, vis-à-vis what was the total budget going to cost. But I'd like to explain that so we could put that issue, that false issue, to bed once and for all. We're going to build the property, at least that's the way it's planned, over a 9-year period. That will include building four 3,000 room hotel-integrated resorts, hotel-integrated resorts, every 3 years. The first one will start off and we're only estimating and we haven't drawn our plans, we don't have the blueprints. We don't know exactly. We've had a quantity surveyors, these are independent estimators in construction, give us numbers. So the most we can estimate at this time is that each property will be [ph] $2 billion or $3 billion per property. So it can be from 8 to 12. And as Ken Kay announced in September Investor Day meeting, that 25% to 35% of that will be equity. So let's say, the largest amount of money this company will be expected to put out over a 3-year period is $4 billion in equity, not 35. That's only the first phase. And I want to make it clear for about the 942nd time that I have said to the market, we will not go into any development where we don't see the 20% cash-on-cash return. So I repeat that for this 974th -- 975th time. No investment without a 20% cash-on-cash return. So then we'll take the money that we're earning in Phase 1, and we'll have another 3 years to take that amount of money that we're earning to put up for the equity for Phase 2. So, so far we're up to about, give or take, $3 billion to $4 billion in equity. And then Phases 1 and 2 will earn enough money over the following 3 years, so that we can finance almost fully Phase 3. So, so far we have $4 billion. If anybody else has any arithmetic over and above that, I'd be happy to listen to you. But this is what I know we're going to do, and since I'm the CEO and Chairman, our board has agreed with this. This has been discussed ad infinitum and within our own company, and that's what we intend to do, 20% cash-on-cash return. Otherwise, we don't go. Equity goes out to the first phase only, and the equity we earn for the second phase will come out at the first phase operating. I don't think I can be any clearer than that. Let's see, let me finish by talking about our development activities, and then we'll open up to questions. Two weeks ago, we opened the first phase of Sands Cotai Central. As it ramps up, Cotai Central will add to the critical mass of rooms, retail mass to the Cotai Strip, which will make it an international destination for leisure, business and conventions, and it will validate my original vision to what was then swamp in a bay. If anybody wants to see the pictures of what it was at that time, we'll be happy to send it to you, and just send me an e-mail. And we will then have accomplished the establishment of a Las Vegas in Asia, or as I've said many times before, Asia's Las Vegas. And what we intend to do in that respect, we'll have Europe's Las Vegas. It will have to be called Europa Vegas or Eurovegas or something like that. So that's it. I think that -- let me look at my papers. Well, I'd like to tell you that in terms of Macau, we're extremely happy with the progress we make in Macau. As I've said in my last couple of earnings call, we expect that our market share with Sands Cotai Central, which, by the way, is the only product opening over the next 3 years, the only product opening. There is no other construction underway. I'd like to also point to something else, because everybody that didn't want the product -- didn't want Cotai in the first place because they didn't think it was either ready or they didn't think it was viable, or for whatever reason, all those people that didn't want to have a piece of land in Cotai, now will cut up their arms to get a piece of land in Cotai. I just want to remind everybody, we bought, we paid for and we own Lot 3. Lot 3 can hold 3,600 rooms. We are applying for the government for permission to move forward with that, and of course that will require -- that will usually require an extension of time to build. I might also point out that not in the history as Macau, has the government ever required a piece of land, because somebody didn't build on to. The government is a very cooperative, accommodating government, and the government wants lights. They attribute the change in Macau to a leisure, business, convention destination to Sands China Ltd. and our majority of subsidiary and of course, our parent company, Las Vegas Sands Corporation. And they know that we've done more. As a matter of fact, I saw a clipping recently that said that Sands, we hope, petition the government or made a statement that the government shouldn’t require her to put out convention space and shopping space and this and that and everything because of a nation that has not done such a good job on it, but she didn't have to add to the MICE space that has to be done. We have the biggest footprint in Macau in terms of hotel rooms, MICE space retail, and they're all important visitation drivers. There are no other development activities. The government has not approved any development. And to the best of my knowledge, no land has been transferred to anybody except Galaxy got the land at about the same time that we did. And one of the clipping said that they're going to announce, the rumors are they're going to announce a non-gaming hotel on -- more rooms. And on the balance of the land and I understand they're putting it next to our exhibition center so they could take advantage of filling up some of the rooms from our MICE business. So that's it. I can't -- I'm very glad we're only one of 2 out of 12,222 companies. And I just want to tell you that our whole team is here listening. And we'd be happy to answer your questions at this time. Operator, let's go to the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Joseph Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is going to be my first question, Sheldon, but since you brought up the topic of Spain, have you entered into a memorandum of understanding with either Madrid or Barcelona? And do you know what the gaming tax rate is, the corporate tax rate? I know you were trying to get some concessions on labor and things like that. I guess how far along are you?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: We are at the point where I'm going to fly our Board of Directors over. It's a very big decision. We're going to look at Madrid and Barcelona. And let's say, we're on the cusp of having a decision. I'm just having a little difficulty in getting the whole board, scheduled to be worked out on any one day. If somebody isn't available, we'll take as many board members as we can, as soon as we can. And I hope that we can -- I'm looking forward to doing a -- to having a decision. Where it's going to be located and what parcel of land we're going to select, maybe within the next month or so. Well, that's going to grow [ph] -- our gaming next year [ph].
Michael Alan Leven: Joe, this is Mike Levin here. Negotiations continue with both governments of Barcelona and Madrid. We expect those negotiations not only to continue but at some point, once we make a city decision, those negotiations that we agree upon go to legislation at the various legislations of various governments involved. And at that particular time, when that legislation closed, the governments and it becomes public knowledge as to what's going to be happening.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: What I'd like to say is that it'll be an unusual comfort in the world and [indiscernible] we have to confirm the deduction of a highway [indiscernible] and we structured our idea that we earned it, so we bring this out -- And everybody else could do this. I think they're going to spend a cut [indiscernible] we're going to spend. And it'll be -- I can't say for sure. It'll be a highly favorable rate.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then switching topics to Singapore, and then I have a follow-up. Obviously your competitor...
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I just want to clear that I don't want the Spanish government to give an opinion. It will be a favorable rate compared to other jurisdictions throughout the world.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then switching over to a question on Singapore, and then I have a quick follow-up after that. Obviously Genting got 2 junkets approved for their property. Can you share with us your strategy, your position, whether or not you're sponsoring any application in the near term or what your views are there, with the use of junkets or IMAs there? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: It's very interesting, Joe. This is Joe, right?
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: All right. Very interesting, when I was at the opening, another analyst, a colleague of yours, I don't know if it was from JPMorgan, came over to me and he said, he talked about the advantage that RWS has. Let me explain to you. You’ve got to understand what they mean by international marketing agents. And they specifically did not call them junket reps. The junket rep in Macau does 3 primary services. One, brings the customer; two, provides and collects the credit; and three, shares commission with the customer; and four, somehow rather gets the money to us. Now in Singapore, as we read the rules and regulations, the junket rep could not share commission with anybody else. So that takes away a major incentive for the junket reps to be replaced, to go through the junket reps because there is a share of the commission [ph] . Secondly, they can't give out credit. So that kills something else. We compare the over 100 field salespeople that we have in various offices, particularly around Asia with those 2 junket reps because our customers can -- our field salespeople can go out and bring in customers and get paid on a basis of productivity, probably a lot of detail you're not interested in is how they get paid. But the bottom line is they don't get a percentage of the role. They don't share any of their commission. They're called junket reps here in Las Vegas. And Las Vegas-style junket rep is the field sales guy who gets some limited amount of money for bringing in a player based upon the theoretical play that the player plays or theoretical win. In Singapore, they call them international marketing agents because that's all they are. They're salespeople that bring in a customer, and I suppose they get paid. They can't provide credit. They can't share the commission. So they're the equivalent of our more than 100 salespeople. So we don't see that RWS has any advantage over us. And for those kinds of international marketing agents, we already have over 100 of the equivalent of a function of those 2 international marketing agents. So why are we going after them for? So let me be clear, that’s rhetorical. There's no reason for us to go after those -- that kind of junket, that kind of liaise.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then my final question, then maybe, Ken, you can help me out here. What was the positive hold impact on EBITDA in Singapore and in Las Vegas? And that will be it for me.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: He was addressing the question again? frankly, I didn't hear the question.
Kenneth J. Kay: The question was on the hold...
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Okay, let me tell you what we've done. We have -- I keep telling people it isn't a quarterly hold rate, whether it's plus or minus that should be adjusted. If the hold rate is 3.3%, 3.5%, 4%, you got to bring it back down to 2.85%. We have prepared documents that show a 200-day moving average. The 200-day moving average was 2.85%, company-wide. It was a higher percentage in Singapore. I'm sorry I don't have it in front of me. Somebody had it, they didn't give it to me. No, I think Ken is -- somebody is about to give it to me. Let's see, the total Macau properties is 2.90% -- sorry, 420 -- well, I can't get it to 421. I can only -- because that includes probably the second quarter. I can only go to end of the first quarter.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You can give us the second-quarter-to-date numbers.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: The moving average is 2.90%. The Marina Bay Sands -- total Macau and Singapore properties, 3.05% on a 200-day moving average. So that's what counts. Now if somebody wants to go to a more rapid evaluation, I'd like to hold a contest. We can have people guess on a quarterly basis, on a monthly basis, on a weekly basis, on a daily basis, an hourly basis, and minute by minute, and I would provide a multimillion dollar prize for anybody who can guess and determine where our entire company is going based upon win or loss or percentage of hold on a minute to minute basis. Just being sarcastic about that. 3.31%, total; Macau and Singapore properties, 3.05%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wanted to ask a little bit more about Cotai Central. I understand the property has only been open for 15 days. But I did want to see if you guys could give us any -- your just -- your early thoughts on any metrics that are coming out of property. And also, maybe most importantly, kind of what you're learning about cannibalization across the other properties. Are you seeing any impact at some of your other resorts?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I keep talking about cannibalization. I keep telling everybody the critical mass in a supply-driven industry brings in more people. It doesn't cannibalize others. We are trying to cannibalize our competitors and not cannibalize ourselves. I cannot talk about anything that has occurred since April 1 because that's in the current quarter. And I urge you to turn -- to call this number again, maybe a different number, 90 days from now, and we'll give you all the information you want. I'm going to tell you, I see no reason that our 14.2% growth per quarter of the 11 quarters won’t continue because every quarter we do the earnings call, everybody -- and by the way, for all except for those quarters, it's all organic growth. Because we open up Singapore, it became organic with us. It became a legacy property. And from that point on, it's gone, I think, more than 14.2%. But over the last 11 quarters, it's a spread of 14.2% quarterly. That's Cotai Central. All you have to do is look at our history, look at the position that we occupy in the market. I don't see any other company earning $1.70 billion EBITDA for one quarter, so there must be something we're doing.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Totally understand. We'll check back on that. So I guess the second would be on Singapore. Just wanted to ask, there's a lot of questions around sequential improvement in the market and some of the seasonality there. It does look like volumes came back on the VIP side. So we just want to kind of get a sense of historically, if you look at visitation patterns, Q1 and Q3, kind of looked like they'll be the strongest. Does that also seem like a reasonable expectation as we think about kind of modeling what you guys are seeing there? And how much do you think Chinese New Year really drove some of the activity now that you guys have had a chance to digest that?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Frankly, I'm not as smart as Goldstein. I think he understood the question better that I do, and same thing for Mike Levin. Do you guys want to answer that question? Because I didn't understand it.
Robert G. Goldstein: On the gaming side, Shaun, we obviously we did underestimate the impact of the Chinese New Year's. And obviously that's our bread-and-butter quarter in this company vis-a-vis Asia, and there's not a discount. We did show nice growth, I think, year-on-year. I'm pleased with that. Again, we're only our ninth quarter of operating there. So it's hard to predict seasonality and even more difficult to estimate the importance of all the new infrastructure, such as the cruise ship terminal, increased growth to China and to Singapore in general, that the mass market growth out of Indonesia and Malaysia. But I think we're very confident that if you look at Singapore and its position in the market, it's a very, very exciting place to travel for Asians, especially newly employed Asians. I think it continues to grow both on the VIP and mass side. Again, being 1 of 2 competitors there is a huge advantage. The duopoly situation is a huge advantage for us and RWS. Singapore has done a new quarter record for us results-wise. I don't think there's any question to growth in Singapore in the future. It's hard for me to determine, except for Chinese New Year's, in fact, if our first -- third quarter would be a better quarter. Fourth is obviously challenged as December isn't there, but we see bright days ahead with the cruise ship terminal, with the Tiger Gardens and the growth of tourism infrastructure, et cetera. And the affluence throughout Asia, I think it bodes well for our growth in the markets.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And I guess last question, maybe for you as well. But just I've gotten a few questions from investors on the margin at the Four Seasons. Obviously, there are some negative mix from all of the junket initiatives. But I guess the question is, is this probably a reasonable run rate in the low 20s? Just given kind of whether the junket business has stabilized? Or is there anything else in that number that people should be aware of?
Robert G. Goldstein: Good question, I'm glad you asked it. The Four Seasons had -- first of all, has a non-gaming variable in there. The fourth quarter versus the first quarter was down by $13 million as it relates to our retail operations. And I can't -- I won't go to detail, why, but suffice to say, there's a $13 million quarter-on-quarter miss there. You should know that we are very pleased with what's happened in the Four Seasons. Rolling Volume is up 4x from the first quarter of '11 to first quarter of '12. So we’re thrilled about that. Unfortunately, we did experience heavy concentration on our win based versus volume based conditions. The cost is about $10 million to $11 million of additional compensation, and that was a big bang to our numbers. Across the entire portfolio, to put your mind at rest, we ran about $800 million of win. We were 11-plus percent in the margin. We feel good about that. We're still pretty underperformed at that [ph] point. There's concern in the marketplace, I know, as it relates to our bonus program. I think it's simple to say that over $800 million of gaming win of that segment, we did less than $3.2 million. So it's $800 million versus $3.2 million out of this huge junket experience or bonus program. So I think what you're seeing is I'm disappointed because we felt we had much better quarter at the Plaza. We got rich [ph] somewhat, vis-à-vis the win based versus volume based. We got hurt on the retail comparison. And again, normal operating, we should have done -- we should have had normalized profit of roughly 4x we did in the first quarter of '11 and twice we did in the fourth quarter. So I have a lot of confidence, the things David has achieved over there, David Sisk, is extraordinary. Our growth for the first time in the junket segment exceeds the market across the board. I see even brighter days ahead for us in that segment as we get stronger in Cotai Central. And we have no fears whatsoever that Plaza is on its way, both in the mass, the retail and especially the junket segments performing very, very strong.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I want to get into the -- put aside the retailers. Look, the retail venue of our assets is so great that we could eliminate, almost completely eliminate -- if that were included, there's cash and we're able to monetize that, which we don't want to at this point, it will pay off all our debt. We would essentially be in the net cash basis, including the monetization of retail debt free. I want to point out to you that the -- I don't understand. You take one of our 4 properties and -- to make an evaluation. Well, that's liable to hurt [ph]. But we can get down as soon as a -- estimating the impact of every hour's worth of activity. I want to point out that from first quarter ’11 to '12, our gross gaming revenue went up 32%. Our gross rolling revenue went up 40%. And that was helped by a big jump in the Four Seasons in the Plaza Casino. Our Non-Rolling table revenue went up 19%, and our slot revenue went up 21%. Those are the numbers. If you want to -- we think it would be an exaggeration to say that one of the properties didn't perform as good as somebody expected. That everything has gone into hell in hand basket, I would strongly suggest that, that would be an overreaction or exaggeration to the reality. We've got a 14.2% quarter-to-quarter EBITDA, and that's what really counts.
Robert G. Goldstein: And Shaun, just to close the door on that. In the first quarter of '11 we rolled about 2.375. We should have been $8 million. We did like $8 million on that. This year we rolled 10.7, we should have made $39 million normalized, if you take out all variations. So excluding 30-plus million dollars year-on-year growth in that segment profit-wise, from my way of thinking, is great. And I think we're going to be very strong in that segment.
Kenneth J. Kay: Robert was talking about the junket segment right there. Yes, just junket without directly IP.
Robert G. Goldstein: Our mass business is off the chart. We wish we could get more tables in there though.
Operator: And are your next question comes from the line of Mark Strawn with Morgan Stanley.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just one question for me. On the mass side in Macau, the business is groing nicely there on a sequential and a year-over-year basis, but still growing slightly slower than the overall market. Can you talk about what kind of steps you're taking to narrow...
Sheldon Gary Adelson: [indiscernible] On a longer-term basis, that's true. But on this quarter we grew in excess of our fair share.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay got it. And just think about the steps you're going to take to continue to grow that business and when and how you see Cotai Central contributing to that.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I think this company -- keep that in Cotai Central for this next quarter.
Robert G. Goldstein: I think, Mark, we all know there's no confusion here that what this company has is probably the most dramatic opportunity is our gaming to be very, very strong in the mass segment. I think we all recognize the junket segment has ruled Macau. It has been amazing. Hard to believe, the 7 to 8 years, the growth we've seen. I think the junkets are important. The mix, everybody, but everyone can participate in that. I think what LVS has and I think we are working hard on is maximizing our huge table and lodging advantage we have over there. Because I think at the end of the day, it's about capacity to gamble, place to sleep, a shopping opportunity and a place to eat. We have those in spades across the board. I think that's our future. I'm back in Macau next month and meet with the team once again to review how we move forward in every one of our properties to get to that 45% business. As nice as the junket business is, what's really doing it and it's a great business for us, we all know the opportunity. If we do our job and we get 1,000 plus mass tables to perform the upper reach of the market at a 45-point margin, will make this number looks small. So we're very focused on it. We get it, we see it, we are very uniquely advantaged at this point. The Cotai opportunity is amazing for us, and that's our focus and that's where our energies will be.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I want to point out that we have more tables than one out of 6 -- 1/6 of the concessionaires. We have far more hotel rooms than one out of 6 concessionaires, and I'm sure we have all the other amenities like nice space far and away, hotel rooms far and away, restaurants far and away. So we got to the point, where as I said earlier, [indiscernible] knows it, we don't have to put in all this stuff because Venetian is doing it [indiscernible] .
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Oh with CLSA.
Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I have 2 questions. I'll start off with Singapore. Sheldon, you mentioned earlier that the IMAs in Singapore are not allowed to extend any credit and hence, there’s not much a value to your business. Are you suggesting that you're not planning to work with them?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: We already have 100 of those guys working for us.
Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: In Singapore?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: If there is an advantage for us to work to any third party to bring in more business and that will improve our business, we'll work with them. But as I've said earlier, that the only thing they could do, the only things they could do is that exactly which our own 100 or so field salespeople can do. And as we understand it, they can't do any more than that. And if they cannot and if we're correct in interpreting the law, they can't do any more than that. There's no reason for us to work for them -- to have them work for us.
Robert G. Goldstein: Jon, it's Rob Goldstein. To Sheldon's comment, we spent the last decade developing what we think is the premier team in the business on the customer side as it relates to the high-end, high net worth individual. We're proud of that team. Larry Chiu runs it. I think he's the best in business, and I think our team is extraordinary all throughout Asia. Andrew and Mark and the team and Jeremy over in Singapore have examined, and continue to look at all aspects of the junket situation over there. We'll see where it goes. Sheldon’s absolutely right, at this point, we don't see enough importance to jump into that. But we'll keep looking at it, and obviously we won't be disadvantaged if there's an opportunity there.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: There's no advantage for a player to go through one of those junket reps with whom they cannot share the commission. They can get the entire commission, if they come directly to us, and we provide the credit. So I don't know, somebody's got to explain to me what the advantage is. I don't see it.
Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And my follow-up question is could you share with us your progress that you've made in Japan and also in Vietnam? I know we've talked a lot about Spain, more about some of these more -- some of these markets in Asia. Where are we in the legislative process? If you could give us an update. And also where are you in terms of your negotiations in both these countries?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: We are very heavily petitioning. Let's call it in U.S. terms, lobbying the government. They don't have lobbying firms over there in Asia. But we are asking the government and do what we can to contribute toward regulatory structure in terms of the drafters of the legislation. We're sticking our two cents in there. You probably have heard almost the same thing we have. I wouldn't want to get into anything you may not have heard because it will give a roadmap to our competitors. So we're doing what it will take to get there. I can't tell you what's going to happen tomorrow. I can't tell you what will happen this year. But the possibility -- there are elections in Korea this year. There are elections in Japan this year. Those are the 2 primary properties. We're still -- we are very heavily involved with Vietnam. We're looking at Taiwan. Although Taiwan has passed a law for NAVI. It's from the mainland of Taiwan to Kimen and Matsu, adjacent to the PRC. So they're talking. I don't know if they have talked to mainland yet. So we're out there. We have resources that we're applying and are petitioning or lobbying process. And it's very difficult to say when. It can happen this year. It can happen until next year. Maybe it will happen not until the year after. But we're right on top of it on every single move. We've talked into the legislator. We are helping to contribute to the drafting of the legislation. We're touring a lot of people, a lot of government people that come from any of these countries. They've all heard about Singapore. They've been on to Singapore. We carry on a regular practice. It's a revolving door, a government of people who are coming to see how Singapore works, and they typically want to follow that model. That's all we can say about that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions, Sheldon, on Spain. Just to go back for a second. I still don't completely understand the idea of self-funding. And the reason I bring it up, Sheldon is that originally Macau and Singapore, in some ways, was going to be self-funding and project financed, and you're going to use the debt markets. And then as you remember, we all remember, the debt markets closed down, and you had to put up your own capital. So don't we run that same risk with Spain? So even though you're saying it's not truly a $35 billion investment, you still have to have a solid capital market and a solid debt market in order to be successful here. And then a second, just on Spain, the core Asian player was -- is such an important part of Macau and Singapore. Obviously, it's not going to be the same because it's in the middle of Europe. So I want to understand that part of the strategy too.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I didn't understand that.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And one final point. Sorry, Sheldon, one final point. With all of this capital, all of these opportunities ahead, what does that mean for dividends for '12 and '13, given from the cash flow that you need to have. Or should we expect to continue the dividend to increase at a solid pace?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: We’re not going to put a shovel in the ground without having the financing. There is no more than taking equity and putting 100% equity. I attribute that to my former management who follow that practice. We will have financing before we put a shovel in the ground. And if the financing is not available, we're not putting the shovel in the ground. So if we have the financing, we'll finish the property. If we start it, we'll finish it. And if there is no financing available, if things in the market change, we will simply delay that. It didn't go on for many years. It was a relatively short-term phenomenon where money wasn't available. But I've seen, in the last 20 years, money being or not being available almost on a revolving basis, certainly no more than annually or 12- to 15-month hiatus. So we're not going to get into the -- listen, it's like the expression, fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me. We've already gotten caught in that mess. Even though it wasn't my mess, but although it was, I was the CEO, it was our mess. And we're not going to make -- we learned from it, we're not going to make that same mistake again.
Steven E. Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: You got to have dividends as well.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: What about dividends? Well, I got to tell you, I do own a few shares in the company. One can easily assume that I’m all in favor of dividends. But I've also said to the board, I recuse myself on voting on it. And if the board voted for more dividends, it's not because they think I want it, it's because they think it's appropriate. If they voted for less, which I don't think will happen, we'll -- it's without my vote. I recuse myself because I think I have a conflict here. Mike, do you want to answer that?
Michael Alan Leven: I just want to answer Steve's question on the core Asian player that he talked about. We talked a lot about this. Basically our forecast, what we've looked at is not counting on that core Asian player, as you recall, what Sheldon mentioned earlier in the day that we must forecast the 20% return, cash-on-cash return for our investment. And those forecasts, those one-offs that we've been doing, we have had limited situations involving core Asian players. However, we do have a distinct competitive advantage. We use a very significant air force, the big players around. You've seen major baccarat improvement here in Las Vegas. That's as a result of the air force that we have. There's nothing to say that we can't bring players to Spain as well. But in the initial forecasting of our revenue and our bottom line in Spain that we're working on now is subject to the government agreements we make, we have not counted on those Asian players, Steve. There are many Asian players in Europe, but perhaps not at the caliber, at the high-end that you see in Asia.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: We've done about a dozen or more studies about the market in Europe, and we probably have most studies and more validation of our vision than any other project ever. After all, this will be one of the largest projects ever built. And I don't want to mention the number because I'll be reading it in every journalist's article or every analyst's report. But we've done an awful lot of study on this. We feel quite confident, and the bottom line is no 20% cash-on-cash return, no project.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I was just wondering if you could maybe help walk us through your table skew across Macau as Sands Cotai Central opens, and where we should expect to see the biggest hit. And then if someone could just quickly address maybe the Singapore VIP event calendar over the rest of this year, if there's anything notable you guys are doing in certain quarters that we should be aware of. That would be helpful.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I could hand that question.
Robert G. Goldstein: It's Rob. On the first question -- on the second question, it's easy enough. The Chinese New Year has come and gone. That's in our event calendar in the first quarter. And obviously there's holidays, and there's F1 races, and there's all the events that takes place throughout Singapore. But as far as the specific calendar, we do for events there for our customers, but obviously Chinese New Year's is by far the most important event of the calendar. There is F1. There is our events internally. But I don't think there's any worth mentioning, it's going to be that earth shattering and that important to you.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Got it. And then my first question, I don't know if you heard me. It was more along the lines of how you will skew tables across Macau, i.e. as you ramp Sands Cotai Central over time, and where we should expect to see the table count impacts at your existing properties.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: As I've said earlier, we're always trying to maximize the performance of the tables, and we will even move tables around within our property, within multiple properties. That doesn't answer the question?
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: No, that does, Sheldon. I didn't hear you before.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Rob, guys, I know you're not going to give any -- you don't want to talk about Sands Cotai Central, makes sense given that it's next quarter's data. But just wondering if you could tell us how many VIP rooms and tables are open at the property now? And then maybe give us a schedule for how they're opening across the year.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes, it's fully occupied in the month of May. We opened -- all those will commit to, Felicia. We have some issues with some of the physical issues in the rooms and the hotel, being it done in April. It's fully operational except for one junket on the 3rd week of May, the last junket rolls in there of the 12 we'll be there. We expect the full hit in month of May. And we feel very, very good the complement of offers is assembled there. Again, I think what that team has done is exemplary. And our advantage on the VIP side is that we have so much capacity now in Cotai that people want to be in our buildings. We feel very confident at the product and the VIP themselves, I didn't get a chance to see them, but they're very impressive. And we get the best and the brightest as our junket operators, and we're fully occupied in the month of May.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. And then are you on track to start revamping this VIP product at The Venetian this summer?
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes, we are. We'll start renovation shortly, and I think you'll see a big change there, obviously we're overdue. And then we had to push back the -- with the customers and operators about it. It's been a problem for us. I think on the upside, I'm pleased with our performance, the VIP tables on The Venetian, but there's room to improve. I think the new tables or the new rooms we're building at Venetian are very, very nice to look at, very pleasant, coupled with, again, our presence in Cotai in general gives us advantage, good performance in The Venetian as well. Although, it's probably [indiscernible]
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then can I just take another stab at this question? I just think it's important to ask so that everybody is just on the same page, and we're not all guessing different numbers. If you could give us, either Rob or Ken, the EBITDA impact from the holds at Marina Bay Sands, Las Vegas and then I guess there was quite [ph] in Macau.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I think Ken should take that question.
Kenneth J. Kay: I appreciate the question. I'm not really sure that I can really add much to what -- Sheldon's already talked about that from a 200-day moving average perspective, and I think that gives you really a good reference point to compare against.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I understand that, but the 200-day moving average is still lower than the actual hold in some cases.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: It may or it may not be. Listen, the hold changes from day to day. Anybody who can predict day-to-day, hour-to-hour, minute-by-minute is a miracle person. We don't want to withhold any information from you. We'll work with everything and we're obliged to share, and we want to share with you. But if you're taking a one quarter and you're not taking [Technical Difficulty]
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, so I understand the logic behind that, but in other quarters, you've given us the color. So is this just that we're just looking at things differently now?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: No, we're looking at it realistically. I'll tell you honestly, Felicia. I've been after my people for a couple of years that, on a monthly basis, I was -- the first 30 days of a 200-moving day average dropped off and the last 30 days added on. And I've been a proponent of the 200-day moving average for years. But unfortunately, not all the people at my company do exactly what I wanted to do. So this time, I make sure that I have it -- we're going to have it from now on. I finally got the figure today, and the figure for Macau and Singapore, which constitutes almost 90% of our total business, it's 3.05%. That's the number. And that's the 200-day moving average. So what can I do? If 2.85% is less than that, well that's more than 2.85%. You think you want to adjust it because it's too high than the average hold, you have to take into account the habits of the people that play. And the habits of the people that play in this industry can change the results of the law of averages. The law of averages is 2.85%. But I tell you, I fail to be amazed at the fact that the game of blackjack, where we have a 17% to 22% hold, say, give or take 20%, even in the States in Las Vegas, the maker of the gaming, it's 36% over in Asia. Why is it 36%? Dramatically, it's like 80%, whatever, whatever number higher than the law of averages calls for, is because the people don't play on the rules that people play here. They play on the basis of luck. And people's behavior is that's an excellent classical example of how that can change returns. So if you take the law of averages return in Las Vegas and apply it to what you want -- if you take the law of averages or the results should be in Asia, there's a risk that those numbers won't jump. I don't think it's a risk. I think it's a surety. So the 200-moving day average is going to give us a more authoritative and a more lengthy basis on which to make our own internal projections and to report whether we're above or below a milestone.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Robin Fraley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I know you've commented on VIP business in Singapore. But I wondered if you could give us your thoughts on the mass business, where it was a little bit more flat sequentially. And just, is that seasonality or how you view the mass business and how you think that will grow sequentially from here. And I've got one or 2 other after that.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Sequentially, it was flat -- not sequentially, I mean -- year-on-year, the way we're reporting that numbers...
Kenneth J. Kay: It's 22% year-on-year.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: No, sequentially meaning from the December quarter to the March quarter.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Give me any business that grows 22% year-to-year, I'll be a happy investor.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: No, that's great, but I'm asking about the sequential pattern and just how you expect sequential change, not the year-over-year.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Robin, we've talked about sequential the last 2 or 3 conference calls. And basically, you're dealing in a business that sequential comparisons are not relevant compared to year-over-year comparisons. Because as you see a product matures, if you look at Macau where it's getting more mature, you have to -- you could see where the annual comparisons year-over-year work. In Singapore, it's not mature enough to really understand the seasonality, which we've talked about before. And I think honestly, you get into a little trouble when you look at sequential. And if that happened looking at various rolled numbers, et cetera, and so forth. Someone said previously that the first quarter and the third quarter tend to look like our stronger quarters. Right now, that's what they do. But comparing it month over month is really not -- days change, holidays change, things affect those particular situations. And the mass market is particularly sensitive to seasonality, particularly sensitive to various months. So you know what...
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And I think the Q1 comment before was really about VIP. I was trying to get some more color on mass. But if that's -- if you just want to say -- I understand what you're saying, you don't know the seasonality of the market, and that's fine...
Sheldon Gary Adelson: It's different because VIP, you'll never be able to track sequentially because of the major...
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Exactly. In other words, the comment before about Q1 was about VIP. And then the other thing I wanted to ask was on the table cap in Macau, and I know you made some comments, Sheldon, in your introductory remarks. But I wonder if you could tell us, do you expect the Macau to go above the 5,500 table cap before March of 2013?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Before what? March 15?
Kenneth J. Kay: March of 2013.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I have no idea what the government's going to do then. Robin, all I know is the government is trying to be as accommodating and supportive of the concessionaires as they can, but whatever they do for one, I think they got to do for everybody. And listen, I'm not an analyst. I'm not free to speculate. I have to report the facts. And if somebody wants to speculate about the number of tables or speculate about labor, speculate about this and that, that's what it is. It's speculation. We are required under the pains and penalties of getting bawled at by my wife, I'm not telling exactly the way it is, not to mention the SEC. We have to be accurate. We cannot speculate.
Robert G. Goldstein: Robin, it's Rob. Before we leave the Singapore question, I came up with things that -- we're 2 years into Singapore and forget sequential year-on-year. The fact is we have a duopoly with all those people in Indonesia and Malaysia. It seems to me an awfully good bet that the market across the board, be it lodging, be it retail, be it gaming, be it high-end gaming, has got to grow and it will keep growing. Because as you saw in Macau, in the early days back then, no one would have guessed, back in 3 and 4, it's happened to mass or VIP. I think any place in Asia you can get duopoly in a major city with an airport like that. It's an awfully good bet and we're sitting it down the road, whether it's next quarter or next year, astounded by the growth in Singapore. I just think you have to give more respect how good that market will be and can be.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: The rooms and the price we can get, the ADR and the rooms, is clearly unequivocally subject to seasonality. We're going to have trade shows and conventions go in the spring and the fall, not in the summer. The FIT leisure rate in the summer is totally different. The retail with Christmas and other Golden Week spending periods in Asia is seasonal. The gaming is seasonal. We just happened to be in a seasonal business where I guess under the category of consumer discretionary. And unless somebody thinks we're in another category, and that is seasonal. Look, if 40% or more of all the retailers come in the United States between Thanksgiving, the 4 weeks between Thanksgiving and Christmas, I can't make any stronger case for seasonality than that.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Sure. I was looking for factors outside the seasonality that you might address. Then the other question, the last one is on Spain, and I wonder if you could just give us -- and this could be a wide range or just kind of ballpark on what kind of revenue assumption you have for the market there that gets you to the 20% return.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: It's just all figures. We can't -- It's much too early to make that assumption, particularly to make it public. We've done most studies, at least about a dozen studies. And that we did feel confident that the amount of money that we need, the amount of business we need to get to the 20% cash-on-cash return, and we will continue with it. We just pull it back, and say we're sorry, everybody, we wish that it was done. But we don't believe that's in the cusp. We believe that all the studies that we've done validate our vision.
Operator: And there are no further questions in the queue. I will now turn the call over to senior management for any closing remarks.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Well, I don't have any closing remarks, except to say I'm looking at the chart that shows us 2 -- 1 out of 2 of 12,222 companies. I look at the constant growth, I look at the 14.2% quarter-on-quarter EBITDA growth. And frankly, I don't understand -- I don't want to encourage analysts to overreach and to overpromise because that happened once before, and we just barely made it, everybody's projections. So everybody makes their own projections. We're going to keep doing what we're doing. I can't -- it's very difficult for me to give a lot of credibility to people who think that there’s a plateau level and that is predictable in Asia. It's just the nature of their culture that they have a greater propensity for play and to shop and to do other things than other cultures. This is a cultural sensitivity issue, and we live with that. And I see no reason for our 14.2% quarterly EBITDA growth to go backwards and to reduce. So that's my closing remark. I want to thank everybody for phoning in, and we'll talk to you in 90 days. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-02 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel J. Briggs - Vice President of Investor Relations Sheldon Gary Adelson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Member of Nominating & Governance Committee, Chairman of Las Vegas Sands LLC, Chairman of Sands China Ltd and Chief Executive Officer of Las Vegas Sands LLC Robert G. Goldstein - Executive Vice President and President of Global Gaming Operations K. J. Kay - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Michael Alan Leven - President, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, Director, Chairman of Advisory Committee, Acting Chief Executive Officer of Sands China Ltd, President of Las Vegas Sands LLC and Chief Operating Officer of Las Vegas Sands LLC
Analysts: Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Mo, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corp. Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn this call over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Briggs, the floor is yours.
Daniel J. Briggs: Thank you very much. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal Securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results.  In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted property EBITDA, which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. In addition, we have made some presentation slides available on our website.  With that, let me please introduce the Chairman, Mr. Sheldon G. Adelson.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Thank you, Dan, and good afternoon, everyone. For our company, 2011 was a landmark year in which we broke company records and at the same time, we believe most industry records for revenue, EBITDA and earnings per share. I want to walk you through a more detailed look at the previous quarter which includes record results in Macau and Singapore, an incredible growth in our mass gaming, hotel and retail businesses. But first, let me provide some additional perspective on 2011 and share my thoughts on where the company is heading for 2012.  Thanks to our financial strength and significant liquidity, we are happy to announce that the LVS Board of Directors has approved an annual dividend of $1 per share, which will be paid at $0.25 per quarter; that is $0.25 a quarter. A geographic diversity in the center of our operations and each of our business locations, or as I've said in the past, the reliability and predictability of our operating results and cash flow has put us in a unique and enviable position, one which allows us to offer much deserved dividend to our shareholders, while at the same time providing us ample resources to aggressively pursue new development opportunities around the world. As a testament to the work of our corporate executive team, led by Mike, Rob and Ken, our property management leadership teams and all of our team members worldwide, the company increased its net revenue from $6.9 billion in 2010 to a record $9.4 billion in 2011, an increase of 37%. Since gross revenue seems to be on people's minds, even though EBIDTA is still what you take to the bank, I'm happy to point out the all-time industry record, $11.5 billion in total gross revenue the company produced in 2011. Others report gross revenue figures as it is a measurement of overall growth, so we thought we would share the figure with you as well.  While we're on the topic of gross revenue, let me also point out, since it seems to be grabbing some headlines today, that our gross gaming market share in Macau grows from 15% last January to 19% in January of 2012. Not that we run our business for market share, but a re-affiliation with Macau's most important gaming promoters can help drive our market share about 25% or even higher than the previous year [ph]. I remember discussing this on a previous telephone call that I expect to win new relationships with new junket reps would bring us back to the mid-20s. I'm now optimistic that moving so fast with so few new -- comparatively so few new junket reps that we moved up to 19.7%, I think it is. It depends who's report you read.  Now let me get back to a topic a little closer to my heart, and that is EBITDA. Our 2011 company-wide EBITDA soared from $2.2 billion in 2010 to an industry record, an all-time industry record of $3.53 billion last year, a remarkable 58% increase. In addition, earnings per diluted share in 2011 increased a whopping 106% over the previous quarter. These over -- sorry, that should be year instead of quarter. Earnings per diluted share in 2011 increased a whopping 106% over the previous year. These overall results also reflect another substantial accomplishment.  In another industry first, we had 2 properties in 2 different markets, Marina Bay Sands in Singapore and The Venetian Macao in Macau, that both produced EBITDA in excess of $1 billion. In fact, every single one of our properties saw meaningful percentage increases in EBITDA in 2011 compared to 2010. This past year truly showed the power of our Integrated Resort business model and its ability to generate tremendous revenue, but of course, EBITDA.  Our company did not make its debut on the Fortune 500 until 2010, but since that time, we've been fortunate enough to surpass all of our industry competitors on that prestigious list. Although important to note -- also important to note, our growth is not just fueled by a single revenue source either. You could point this strong growth at retail, food and beverage, meetings and conventions or the $1 billion a room revenue the company did in 2011 as clear evidence that we are much better described as an international Integrated Resort developer rather than simply as a gaming company.  We expect to build on our success in 2012, and that starts with the opening of Cotai Central, which will happen just about 2 months from now. Cotai Central represents an important next step to the maturation of Macau as a leisure and business destination. The additional room capacity provided by the nearly 6,000 rooms we will open over the course of the year, along with the wide variety of non-gaming attractions and amenities, will help Macau continue to build even further on its fast-growing tourism sector.  We believe there are 3 important components to long-term growth in Macau: transportation and infrastructure development, which is being enhanced as we speak; hotel room inventory, which of course will be meaningfully contributing to -- with the opening of Cotai Central; and lastly, the continued growth of the Chinese urban population, who, equipped with sufficient disposable income, will visit Macau and significantly expand on the record 28 million tourist arrivals that occurred in 2011. So it goes without saying the opening of Sands Cotai Central is an important catalyst to what we expect to accomplish in 2012.  I expect 2012 will also see us make significant progress on the development front, which is important because at our core, we will always be a growth company. Mike and I have made it our personal priority to aggressively pursue and ultimately secure new development opportunities for the company this year, and we have made recent trips to Asia to support these efforts. As we've mentioned before, we're highly interested in exploring opportunities specifically in Japan, Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam. And our efforts are clearly progressing as the most recent conversations have advanced to the point. The detail such as [indiscernible] have been discussed.  Finally, before we get to a discussion of our fourth quarter results, let me specifically highlight a segment of our business that is particularly exciting. Together, tenant-related gross revenue from our retail malls in Macau and Singapore rose to $106 million in the fourth quarter of 2011, an increase of 47% compared to the same quarter a year ago. The combined operating profit margin from that segment, 83%. For the full year of 2011, sales per square foot at the Grand Canal Shoppes at The Venetian Macao was $1,087. I might add that, that is 280 -- not really. I'd say -- I might add that -- yes, it's almost 300 tenants. So we're averaging, that includes restaurants, which are typically lower for tenants [ph]. At the Four Seasons mall in Macau, it was $3,386. And in Singapore, Marina Bay Sands sales per square foot was $1,231.  Just to put a little perspective on that, the largest mall in the United States -- the highest producing sales per square foot was the Corn Hotel [ph] here in Las Vegas across the street from us, that went up originally to like $1,200 a foot, and then we started our Grand Canal Shoppes here at The Venetian Las Vegas at $1,000 to $1,100 a foot. So when you talk about $3,386 average for about 100 tenants, the DFS high-end luxury tenant that we have on the first floor of the mall -- the shops at Four Seasons was $5,500 plus or minus sales per square foot for 2011. That is really a whopping percentage. No mall in the world, to the best of our knowledge and inquiries of other real estate to mall developers, ever been close to that figure.  As we've mentioned before, being in the retail mall business and owning some of the largest properties I believe, will provide meaningful value to us particularly as the retail market in Asia continues to grow. It doesn't take a big leap of faith to add another growth factor with just on today's number. And so take 106%, you can extrapolate that to a full -- you can annualized that and you could apply a 4% cap rate.  In Asia, there was -- one of the top real estate guys had said -- no, in the United States, went to the malls, saw, came back and said, "I wouldn't argue with the possibility that you might get a 3.5% cap rate." But we're not looking at that. If you take a 4% to 5% cap rate, say 4%, and you multiply that by the hundreds of millions of dollars, so that's 25x, that amount of money. You're talking about huge amount of money that equals our debt, which means that if those malls were sold, we would be net cash debt-free.  Let me now take a minute to summarize our fourth quarter results and then I would take a quick look at our operations by locations before we get to your questions. For the 10th straight quarter, the company increased its EBITDA from the previous quarter. Did I say something about reliability and predictability? We once again produced company records and EBITDA, $961 million for the quarter, and net revenue, which was $2.5 billion. And once again, applying the metric others use, our gross revenue was $3.1 billion. Our EBITDA margin increased 110 basis points to almost 38%, and adjusted EPS increased nearly 36% to $0.57 versus last year's fourth quarter.  For a review of our operating results, let me start Macau with the properties operated by our majority-owned subsidiary, Sands China Ltd. Turned in as you can guess: record results. Our adjusted EBITDA for Macau property operations was $434 million for the quarter, an impressive 27% increase from last year's fourth quarter. At The Venetian Macao, EBITDA for the fourth quarter of 2011 was a record $283 million, an increase of 20% over last year's fourth quarter and EBITDA margin was a record 37.1%.  On the gaming side of the business, Rolling Chip volume, VIP, was a record $13.6 billion, an increase of 15% compared to the same quarter last year. Non-Rolling Chip drop for the mass market also increased nearly 15% to record $1.1 billion, and slot handle increased 52% versus last year's fourth quarter and was a record $1.1 million -- $1.1 billion.  The legend of The Venetian Macao continues to grow, and it clearly remains Macau's most visited destination. The growth in non-gaming revenues was significant during the fourth quarter of 2011. Food and beverage revenue increased 30%; room revenue increased 15%; mall revenue was up 35%; an additional non-gaming area, such as conventions revenue, were up 32% when compared to the fourth quarter of 2010.  At the Sands Macao, adjusted property EBITDA was $88 million for the quarter. Non-Rolling Chip drop was $687 million, and Rolling Chip volume was $7.6 billion, both will increase versus the same quarter last year. Slot handle at the Sands increased 58% to a record $621 million.  Finally, the initiatives we have undertaken over the past several months to improve our VIP business in Macau are now bearing significant fruit. Evidence of that success is reflected in this past quarter's results, where Rolling Chip volume at the Plaza Casino at the Four Seasons increased 64% over the fourth quarter of last year and was a record $7.5 billion. The property also had its best EBITDA quarter ever, recording $63 million over the 3-month period. Slot handle at the Plaza Casino reached $244 million, up 82% versus quarter 4 of last year. As with The Venetian Macao, non-gaming revenue sources all saw significant increases over last year, specifically the shops at the Four Seasons where mall revenue increased 54% over the same quarter last year and was a record $24.5 million.  Let's move now to Singapore. And to give this section a little perspective, let me start by saying that when we opened our first Integrated Resort in 1999, The Venetian here in Las Vegas, it cost approximately $1.1 billion to build for the first 3,000 suites. Fast forward today and that figure turns out to be less than the $1.5 billion in EBITDA Marina Bay Sands generated in 2011 alone. Cost us a little more to build than the original Venetian, but with these results, you'll hardly hear any complain about that. And that is -- to give that a little perspective, I want to point out to some of you who know that there were competitors' device [ph] and some analysts perhaps that estimated in our first 12-month period, the one just ended, we will earn people made money wagers on the over and under number was $300 million EBITDA for the year. I'm happy to report, and when I said 2 years ago that I thought we could earn $1 billion in 2011, I'm sorry I was wrong. I'm very happy our competitors were wrong, and they lost their bets. We are only 5x what that bet was that we would make only $300 million.  One has to wonder where the upside potential is for Singapore. If you were of the school of thought that says that we've already hit the top and we have no growth left, you have to make the assumption that we're the most phenomenal marketing people in the history of the casino industry because we found every VIP player that exists. Therefore, there are no more VIP players to exist, and there won't be any more players -- potential players that had made money and will make money and therefore, we can't grow.  Now if you were the school of thought that we think we are, and you are more objectively and independently making the judgment about where Singapore is going to go, you have to consider the fact that nobody in the history of gaming ever saturated a market by bringing up -- saying that we've eaten up all the -- and we've identified and we have contacted and we have interacted with every single player that exists in the 1.3 billion population of China, 120 million of Japan, the 44 million of Korea, the 24 million of Taiwan, the 90 million of Vietnam, 75 million of Thailand, 240 million people in Indonesia and 28 million people in Malaysia. Did I miss a few countries? So add a few hundred million more. Glad to feel that we are the best, and we've accomplished things that nobody could ever dream of and let's be realistic.  We have a long way to go, and there is nobody that believes that there's a threshold that we won't go beyond. The hurdles have fallen at every threshold, and we are of the belief that our growth -- actually my middle name my parents have named me, did not name me Gary, which they did. My middle initial in S.G.A. would stand for Sheldon Growth Adelson.  The success of Marina Bay Sands continues to roll on as the property delivered record results for the fourth quarter of 2011. Property EBITDA was $427 million, a nearly 40% increase over the $306 million from the same quarter a year ago. Gaming volumes in Singapore were very strong during the quarter. The Rolling Chip volume up 32%, Non-Rolling Chip drop up 22% and slot handle increasing by nearly 50% compared to last year's quarter. And I think I did say something about growth?  Total mass win per day compared to last year's fourth quarter. Total mass win per day during the quarter was $4.6 million, an increase of 44% from the same period a year ago. Talk about growth. The property saw huge percentage year-over-year increases in several revenue streams. Food and beverage revenue was up 41%; mall revenue was up 56%; and hotel room revenue increased by more than 50% with ADR, RevPAR, and occupancy all up significantly compared to last year.  Back here in the U.S., let me just make a comment that I believe that the mall revenue is, on a stand-alone basis when we extrapolate and estimate what it's worth, will go up to -- will be very significant that we'll easily be able to sell the mall and pay off our financing and put some more money back in our pocket.  So back here in the U.S., The Venetian and The Palazzo in Las Vegas delivered $81 million in EBITDA during the fourth quarter. Strong group meeting and convention business drove a 16% increase, and cash revenues from the sale of hotel rooms compared to last year's fourth quarter. And food and beverage revenue also increased 10% compared to the same quarter a year ago. Table games drop also increased during the fourth quarter. It was $532 million versus $463 million last year.  In Pennsylvania, Sands Bethlehem turned an EBITDA of $22.5 million for the quarter, which was a 15% increase over last year's results. Table game drop was up 9% -- 91%, and slot handle increased 14% versus the same quarter last year. In addition, the hotel generated over $2 million revenue and will continue to grow as the property adds even more amenities, such as the events center, which will host its first show on May 16. The retail mall of the property will celebrate its grand opening on February 15, and new meeting rooms at the complex are expected to be completed by March 1.  So that completes an overview of our operating results for the quarter and year end 2011. At this time, along with Mike, Rob and Ken who are all here with me, we'd be happy to answer your questions [ph]. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Strawn with Morgan Stanley.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Two questions on Singapore. First, given the sequential declines you saw in the 4Q in both mass and VIP, can you comment on the trends you're seeing there overall? And is there a consistent seasonality to that business? And a follow-up to that is, what are you doing on a property level basis to drive that business forward in terms of whether it's international marketing or things in the local level on the mass side?
Robert G. Goldstein: Mark, I think you know we have, obviously, a very intense marketing program in Singapore throughout the region, with regional offices, the Premium Direct. We are somewhat restricted by the government in terms of local marketing inside Singapore itself. But to answer your question, we're in this property about 20 months since we've opened it. And again, I think the success speaks for itself. We far exceeded our own expectations, the $1 billion in full year one. The seasonality issue is yet be determined, but I think it's clear that we're finding our way as we go and every quarter is a new one. Obviously, the year-on-year comparisons are terrific, the quarter-to-quarter not as strong. It's a highly concentrated market in terms of the VIP rolling direct. As you're aware, there's not a junket involvement there. So we deal directly with those customers from a credit marketing perspective. The team here, I think, is excellent. Larry Chiu and his guys are out there in the field. We're constantly looking for new customers, and I think we saw in the fourth quarter a lot of people in Asia gambled. Perhaps, they didn't gamble in Singapore as much as they came to both Macau and Las Vegas, and as you know, we're players in both those markets. And I think the shifting -- the concentration will create volatility as we've said in the past as it relates to the Rolling segment. We're convinced that segment's far from mature, as Sheldon referenced. If anything, it's still growing and I think will continue to move. As far as the mass side of the business, I don't know how we can be more honest than we're just thrilled with the success of that segment. What started as a $1.6 million day combined slot table income on the mass side, we see $4.6 million a day. I think it's astounding tribute to the team there, like Andrew McDonald and Eric Pearson and the guys they work with every day in the field done a terrific job, and I think that market -- we're moving towards $5 million in my opinion. When that happens, I don't know, but I think it's achievable with the $5 million per day. And I think there's a lot of factors that drive that. There's internal and external factors. I mean, on the external side, we're really happy to say that the new MRT station opened, the Botanical Gardens' opening, the eventual Cruise Ship Terminal and of course, the growing tourism of Singapore's bode well for the future of mass gaming in Singapore. But I really think those successes, the guys on the floor, the team there with Andrew and Eric, et cetera, really have done a great job, an exemplary job, moving machines around to maximize the value. And you're aware of our pressure in terms of weekend capacity issues, and we work to avoid that and I think we've done pretty successfully, so far a good job. But to Sheldon's point, I'm a firm believer we're going to get to $5 million a day on the mass side. I'm an even stronger believer that although it's concentrated, the premium business, the Premium Direct, will grow. And there's billions of Asians, and as their wealth increases and they have an oversized proclivity to gamble, I think we're going to see more and more business there. But on a more regional or more of a bigger picture, Las Vegas Sands is the only company that has presence in Macau, Singapore and Las Vegas. So wherever they gamble, we're capturing more and more of that database and getting more and more of that business. And Las Vegas was the recipient of huge amounts of play in December, which helped Las Vegas; it didn't help Singapore. So Mark, I think there's good news ahead.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. That's really helpful. One last thought for Ken perhaps. Can you quantify the impact of the Singapore exchange rate on the quarter's EBITDA results?
K. J. Kay: No. We typically don't get into that level of detail, so I'd pass on answering that.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I'd like to just make an observation. I watch the exchange rate daily just out of curiosity. And generally, the quarter -- the fourth quarter exchange rate was relatively stable. It was between SGD $1.20, SGD $1.21 to SGD $1.30 to the U.S. dollar. It's fluctuating. So it's all within the same range, I think it average probably in the fourth quarter SGD $1.25, SGD $1.27. It's moving back up a little bit now, and I think really knocking on the door of USD $0.80 for SGD $1. But it doesn't have a significant impact. It does -- from the beginning of the development of this project, when the Singapore dollar was at SGD $1.65 to the U.S. dollar, that made a big difference over the years, but that only affects our projected income at the time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I have a couple of buckets of questions here. First, on Singapore, if you mentioned it, I didn't catch it. But if you adjust for the above-average holding in Singapore, what would normalized EBITDA and normalized margins be in the quarter?
K. J. Kay: The -- yes, hold on one second.
Michael Alan Leven: You should note, Joe, that the adjustment for the year, if you look at the entire year, Singapore came in at I think $2.85 million, exactly where it was supposed be for the year. So in the last quarter, we had a negative adjustment, and that was $3.80 million. The Rolling moving average was $2.85 million for the entire year.
K. J. Kay: So the impact in the fourth quarter from a revenue standpoint was probably between $45 million, $50 million. And when you adjust for that, plus if you add back some of the impact of the bad debt reserve, which was higher in the fourth quarter, you get to a margin that's kind of in the middle of the range that we talked about before for Singapore, which was, remember we talked about a 50%, 55% margin approximately. We end up probably in the middle of that range.
Robert G. Goldstein: The other consideration, Joe, obviously there along with the reserve is the mix of business. Obviously, the mass accelerates. The mass slot is going to help that margin because the mix changes. This time, the mix was not as favorable as it been in previous quarters. That, coupled with the bad debt reserves, drove the margin down.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then sticking on Singapore and just to pin a little bit more about the sequential declines on mass and slots, do you think that implies that you're plateau-ing or hitting a saturation point and yielding more on the floor? And then with respect to the VIP...
K. J. Kay: No.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then with respect to the VIP segment in Singapore, how do you view seasonality? I know it's hard. We struggle with it on this side of the fence, and we often think 1Q and 3Q should be about 50% of the roll, 40% in 2Q and 4Q. If you can share any kind of data points maybe with January to date volumes of Rolling, maybe that kind of helps understand it as well and then I'll wait for those answers and ask one additional question.
Michael Alan Leven: Joe, it's Mike. The reason you can't look sequentially is exactly what you said about January. January is a Chinese New Year month. Last year, it wasn't a Chinese New Year month. So therefore, if you compared January to December, you're going to have very significant differences in the sequential roll that goes on for January to the quarter. So I think you got to look year-over-year to see whether in fact you're continuing to gain in both the mass floor and the roll. When it comes to the roll also, it can be 3 or 4 players in the course of a quarter that can make a very significant difference if they show up 2 weeks after the quarter or in the previous quarter. So you're going to get potential variances because of the nature of that business. But I think if you compare quarter-to-quarter, year-over-year, you've got the best way of looking at seasonality. Plus, we need still at least another year of Singapore's operation to get to a relative maturity in terms of looking at the historical consequences of each month, so December versus December, et cetera, and so forth, and that will give you a lot more help as we get a little older in that business.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: This is Sheldon. Last time, we had dinner with some important people from Singapore, and the discussion was what percentage of the people are foreigners. The number continues to grow every day of visitation, and the foreigner percentage has increased to about 80%, which is very good because the foreigners come in with more money than the local Singaporeans. I believe we haven't done a study of that, but I think it's common sense that somebody that comes in from a foreign territory will carry more money with them. Why? Because they're here less frequently, or they're there less frequently. One issue is that we are running at such a tremendous occupancy rate in the high 90s. In the hotel, we are talking to the government about possibly getting some more land to build more hotel rooms because we've turned away a lot of reservations. We're trying to fine-tune the segments of the hotel occupancy so we can maximize the return. But I don't think we mentioned the ADR. Did I mention ADR? It was very high and in the mid-3s. So that just tells us, if you put another 1,000 or 1,500 in the rooms in, it will significantly increase the quarter.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then one final question, Venetian Macao margins were 37.1%, much higher than we were expecting, even with a greater VIP revenue skew than we're forecasting. Was there anything within the VIP segment with either direct or junket in terms of adverse or favorable hold that skewed the overall margin? I guess I'm trying to get to the sustainability of a 37% margin going forward from here.
Robert G. Goldstein: Joe, while our footprint of basis [ph] finding exact whole percentages, I just wanted to say to you that we haven't seen yet a real move in the junket side there that we're growing. But we have -- the concentration has been in Four Seasons. I think it's negligible in terms of the whole percentage. Do you guys have the hard number on the whole percentage?
K. J. Kay: Yes, there's really -- there no use [indiscernible].
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: My question is, did you hold lucky on the direct side that goosed up the margin exactly?
Robert G. Goldstein: What you're seeing, Joe, is we're getting better. There's 4 wonderful segments to make money in Macau. We're doing better at junket segment. We have a lot of room to move there. So Direct Premium, we're getting much better at. But let's be honest, our strength in the niche and has always been and would hopefully will continue to be mass tables, slot ETG segment, and that segment gets better by the day. We want to dominate that segment and grow in that segment, which is obviously margin intense, but also improve our VIP, which hasn't really happened yet that much for The Venetian. So I don't think it's out of the ordinary what you saw this quarter. I think it's just stable, yes.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: [indiscernible] gave me some figures. The hotel ADR increased 29.1% to $333, and occupancy increased to 98.3%. How is that apples?
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: All right. And my final, final question here. If we adjust for the low hold at the Four Seasons Plaza Casino, where are you approximating normalized EBITDA there?
Robert G. Goldstein: Hold percentage at the Four Seasons?
K. J. Kay: Well, you were saying what would the adjustment be to EBITDA in Macau for the...
Robert G. Goldstein: [indiscernible] at Four Seasons Plaza.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, if we assume $2.85 million versus the $2.61 million?
K. J. Kay: Yes, it's probably $7 million, $8 million.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'm sorry. Say it again, please?
Daniel J. Briggs: $7 million or $8 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First of all in Singapore, just to follow up on the bad debt comment, could you just give us 2 quick numbers, the bad debt reserve that was taken or maybe the percentage as it's compared to the prior quarters, as well as the receivable balance in Singapore at the end of the quarter?
K. J. Kay: Sure. The receivable balance at the end of the quarter was about $650 million, and against that, we had a reserve of about 18%. Now to answer the question with regard to the expense taken during the quarter, remember on previous calls we talked about kind of percentage of Rolling win as approximate reserve that would be -- we will be taking, and we talked about kind of a 3% to 7% range. This quarter, we were higher than that. We were at about a little bit over 10%. If you look at it on the annual basis for the year, for the entire year, we're at about 6% -- a little bit north of 6%. And so on an annual basis, we were right in the middle of the range, if you will. And from quarter-to-quarter, it's going to vary some. Sometimes it will be a little bit above that; sometimes, it will be a little bit below that. But we kind of ended the year really within the range that we expected to be at and feel that we're prudently reserved at the end of the year.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. That's helpful color. And then second question might be just a little bit broader outlook, but there's been a lot of discussion questions around kind of because of Chinese New Year shifting this year, kind of how to think about the outlook of, I think, both Macau and Singapore for the first quarter and really throughout the balance of the year in terms of what's the right growth rate to think about. So just directionally more than exact numbers, although we'll take the exact numbers if you give them to us, how are you guys thinking about the health of the consumer over there? And just what are you kind of seeing on the ground as far as traffic levels and kind of uptake at the property? I think we've heard about some solid visitation statistics out of Sands China, but just kind of wanted to get your broader thoughts on the macro.
Michael Alan Leven: Shaun, let me talk about -- I think that in spite of the fact that a lot of the press is talking about slowdowns in China and all of these kinds of situation, we are essentially seeing nothing that would indicate that Macau and Singapore will not continue on their present paths upward. And our planning is, on that basis with our staffing and all of our marketing models, to go against those kinds of growth numbers. There's nothing that we have seen over the last number of months or see today that indicates that there isn't a positive outlook for all of our properties at this point.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's helpful. And I guess last question would be, there's a lot of discussion obviously around the return of capital to shareholders on the dividend front. Could you maybe just give us a sense? And specifically, I'd love Sheldon's thoughts on how you guys balance the idea of a dividend versus a buyback and how you think about that going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays Capital.
Daniel J. Briggs: Hold on a second, Felicia.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: That was a question we still have to answer. Well, this is a board decision. I try to stay out of it because of my substantial interest in the company. And I don't want to create any appearance of conflict. But we don't see that our stock -- we see tremendous upside for our shares, and we don't -- the share price is we think -- I believe the board has thought that we would be better off, in the best interest of shareholders, to distribute the dividend as opposed to buying back shares. And this dividend will cost us on a fully diluted basis about $800-plus million a year. And we can't guess -- we can't have a tremendous buyback impact for $800 million a year. It doesn't help us in appealing to those investors that are mandated by their regulations or the composition of their funds to only invest in companies that pay dividend. We thought that would be the first thing to do. What I think about because -- in order to make any kind of impact on stock buyback, it would take many billions of dollars. And I think that money is better put to use for expansion, holding enough money for expansion because it probably is not going to be too long, as each month goes by, that we end up with one of those Asian countries or more than one location. We're shooting for 2 locations in each of those countries, the top 2 cities essentially. But who knows what we'll get. Everybody believes that we're the winning candidates because of our fundamental business model and our fundamental marketing strategy that's convention-based. And the whole world knows about that, and the whole world knows that we are the originators of the Integrated Resort model, notwithstand what some of our competitors say about themselves. I mean you can't compare a competitor with 17 meeting rooms and no exhibition space to us with between 300 and 350 meeting rooms per property and exhibition space, plus huge ballroom space for exhibitions. So we're just in a different class from the rest of the market, but we want to make sure that we have enough money. To buy back stock will take many billions of dollars to have a substantive impact. But the dividends -- it still takes a few bucks. But $1 billion here, $1 billion there, we all know the rest. But that's good. It's good. It makes more people happy. It -- thanks to shareholders for their level of confidence in us, and we become more attractive to those who have a mandate to invest only in dividend paying stocks.
Daniel J. Briggs: Felicia?
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: While we're on that topic of your balance sheet, I have a few questions there and then I have some operations questions. Obviously, dividend is a nice positive. And if you look at the current yield kind of relative to the gaming, lodging and leisure area, our area, it's a nice yield. But as you generate more cash flow, I'm just -- you should be able to increase that yield. So I'm wondering if -- or the dividends rather, I'm wondering if you've discussed an optimal level?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Have we discussed an optimum level of dividend paying?
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Like about payout ratio basically.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: How high is the sky?
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Well, that's actually my question. I mean, do you guys have a limit or as you grow your cash flow and your -- I mean, do you have a limit in mind? Or is this something that can just grow with your cash flow?
Michael Alan Leven: I think you've said it, Felicia. Basically, as the cash flow increases, we have to balance the needs to pay out dividends with the needs for development. We felt that this was a very adequate start to paying dividend, that it would satisfy our shareholders. And as we go forward in the year, we'd like to be able to increase dividends as we go, but it has to be balanced as I need to develop because the earnings will grow substantially if we had more development as well. So it's going to be a decision the board will make on an annual basis based on performance and what the opportunities for using cash. I think we're in a great position. Most companies aren't there, particularly in our sector. And we'll have the opportunity, hopefully, to both raise dividends and do the kind of developments that will continue to increase the earnings per share of the company.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Nobody ever accused me of being a shrinking violet. I've been accused of a lot of other things. But this company is a growth company. And Mike and I are fully focused on growth opportunities. I too in 2010 or '11, I forget, my chief pilot told me that I flew almost 700 hours. And I didn't fly that to go back and forth to Hawaii and sit on the beach. I went all around the world talking to heads of state and whoever I could talk to about putting up integrated resorts in a country and what we've done for other places and what we did Vegas, Macau and Singapore and even Bethlehem and what we think we could do for their country. So this is -- we are in a class by ourselves, and I don't think when you guys compare our EBITDA multiple or EPS multiple to the others, I mean, take a look at this: nobody in the history of this industry has ever reached $3 billion, never mind what owning a first 12-month period in 2011 that we reached $1.5-something billion in Singapore. Nobody ever estimated that the first year would ever be anything like that. How many years did it take before the first company with x amount of properties emanating out of Vegas or any other company made even the first billion? So it was decades of industry existence. We are in a class by itself. Now we have to be the sharp point at the edge of the spear and the arrow to lead the way into growth opportunities and to -- frankly, I think be priced at a much high-level than the other guys because our growth opportunities and our profitability in terms of EBITDA margin, thanks to our Integrated Resort model, is unprecedented.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You also -- you spent a lot of time on the call talking about the success of the Canal Shoppes -- at the Grand Canal Shoppes at The Venetian Macao. I was wondering -- I wouldn't think that it would be something that you'd want to sell today given the good statistics, given that Sands Cotai Central hasn't opened yet. But can you give us a sense of timing there for potential sale?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: No, because it's very tempting not to sell it now because when you're talking about 30%, 40%, 50% and more percent growth year-to-year in retail, that and more and more of the almost 300 tenants in the Grand Canal Shoppes pass their basic rent and they're into 12.5% to 18% -- percentage of revenue rents. So we've got basic rent plus the percentage of revenue rents. The temptation is not to sell, but we're going to look at what the best value was to shareholders. If we're going to sell it, I don't think we'd reach maturity. Some can estimate it will do it in 2 years. And if by 2 years it just grew 50% from the year before, you'd say, "Is this the right year," the answer is no. So I don't know. If ever we start to level off that we'd become a value investment instead of a growth investment, or less growth but more value, or more growth but less value, we've got to give the buyers some opportunity for growth. But the point is, this is like a secret bank account, a secret savings account that we've saved up all this money and if we chose to tap that account, we'd be debt-free. That is a very, very significant and valuable savings account. The amount of cash -- I just saw an analyst report this morning said that next year we'll have free cash flow of an excess of $3 billion. Think about the 75- or 80-year history of Las Vegas that nobody has ever even approached that amount of money. So again, I think we deserve a significantly higher multiple because we have both growth and we have the solidity of reliability and predictability of earnings.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And Rob and Mike, obviously, the investment you've made in Macau is paying dividends. The numbers were spectacular. I just wanted to make sure I'm not reading too much into something you put in the release. Because it did say that in Macau, you'll continue investing in the VIP arena through 2012. And as you've talked about it before, you said that the program would be complete by the end of the second quarter. So are we looking at kind of the start of a Phase 2? And if we are, can you give us some details on that?
Robert G. Goldstein: It's not a timing issue. It's more an issue of as we see -- look, we're going to control 1,500 tables and 6,000 slot ETG positions at the end of this year. The issue for us is how to maximize the growth and the opportunity to drive EBITDA regardless of segments. So if we can convert tables from mass, to we see the junkets over perform, we'll move in that direction; it's a never-ending process. We had a conference call this morning with David, talk about this very issue. David Sisk, who's just done a really good job in this area. And I think the question -- and we have a very unique advantage there. We've got all the space on Cotai, which where the junkets want to be. We're going to have 9,300 sleeping rooms in Macau once we complete the end of this year, which gives us a huge advantage on mass gaming side because the number one driver of mass gaming performance is sleeping rooms. So we have all these advantages. The problem we have is trying to manage where we can get the highest yield be it junket, VIP direct, mass gaming, slot ETG. And our goal is all of our managers over there thinking about what is the highest and best use of the real estate, how to drive EBITDA. So I guess when we started this junket thing we saw upside, but we see a much larger upside than we first anticipated. But we also see, I think, incredible growth in all the segments. So our goal as managers is to maximize that huge advantage we have with sleeping rooms, VIP, the Cotai performance and no matter where it comes from, this will be a never-ending process. It won't end in February of this year or the year after. It's a never-ending process, and that's our goal: to drive our performance mass and VIP at the highest levels in Macau.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So beyond the $125 million in CapEx that you allocated to that, is there anything else you're allocating to? Is it more of a, like, the strategic management that you're talking about?
Robert G. Goldstein: We will go to the capital committee and request capital that we think there's opportunity, and yes, we think there's more opportunity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Oh with CLSA.
Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I have a few questions. I'll start off with just on the point that Rob brought up about The Venetian margins at 37%, and you said that you think that's sustainable. To put a point that -- where do you see the most incremental uplift coming from The Venetian going forward? Is it the Rolling Chip business? Or is it still the mass or the premium mass market that will surprise us the most in the future? And how does that play with this whole margin, which right now is peaking at the 37% level going forward?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I'm going to let Rob answer that question after I say something that hasn't been discussed. We have applied to the government and submitted drawings for about a 4,000-room Lot 3 development. Now everybody, the analyst community, are giving points and value to MGM, to SJM, to Wynn, because they are in line to get lots and they don't have the lots yet. We own this lot; lock, stock and barrel. We paid for it years ago, and now we think that in consultation with the government, as to what they want, we're going to make a mass market plus a separate tower for VIP play on Lot 3. And so far, we're getting positive reaction on it'll be a thematic property, and we lead the path because we already own and paid for this lot. So we have the right to put the building up as soon as possible. The second item is that we have probably doubled the 38 VIP rooms with about 100 and some odd in the low hundreds tables. We've doubled that because of VIP demand in Cotai Central. I think the industry under appreciates the growth potential of Cotai Central because it's probably taken so long. People forgot what it was supposed to be all about. I walked through at a week or 2 ago, and it is magnificent, magnificent. We've taken some unusual steps to make it look -- there's a mountain style casino and a mountain theme and there's a Polynesian or Pacifica theme. They're absolutely gorgeous, particularly the sailing is a new step in the typical copper and exotic. So we've gotten away from that when we created a new step of a view on of the most beautiful casinos in the world. That's on the mass side. And we put the VIP -- there wasn't enough room to expand in the first level, so we put it in the third level and we had a lot more space than we thought. So fortunately, we have the room to expand this. So Rob, do you want to continue?
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes, Jon, first of all, somebody said something about raining cash in Macau and that's how we see The Venetian; it's a raining cash. Smart guy wrote that once, and I think it's appropriate we'll grow our profit. The Venetian has a couple of exceptional advantages, right? It's themed, which I think is appropriate for the Macau market. It's got a lot of sleeping rooms, which is incredibly important to the mass. It's probably the most attractive retail for everybody to come to in terms of the mass, which drives -- which ties back and help the gaming floor. I think Eric and the team over there and Tim have done an extraordinary job with the slot ETG. You read about a recent move on the slot side. I think that just bodes here well. But to be honest with you, I don't know where to concentrate. David believes the junkets have extraordinary upside in The Venetian. We believe so, as we fix the space and make it more appealing and get the right people in that segment working for us. But we underperformed in the junket segment dramatically prior to 2010. We're now going to over perform in that segment, I believe. But I wouldn't ignore the slot ETG market. It's been incredibly important to us. We're hitting numbers we never thought we'd see. When Sheldon first initiated slots in Macau, people kind of chuckled, and now we see growing -- we're exceeding monthly what the entire Wynn Macau was in 2003. And then lastly, our strength always will be mass tables because we've got tables and we've got lots of them. We've got lots of sleeping rooms. So I don't know how to identify what the most advantageous segment is to grow Venetian Macao, but I promise you that's going to grow and grow. And I think we're very focused on the huge advantage we have in Cotai, especially as the mass market gravitates towards Cotai.
Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And the other question I have is on Singapore. When I look at the revenues and I compare that against the previous quarter, it seems to be quite flat. I mean, you grew by a little bit. But when I look at EBITDA, it was up about roughly 3% on an unadjusted level. Could you maybe just give us some color? How much of that strength of the EBITDA could potentially be coming from the non-gaming segment [ph] is? Are your rooms and F&B [food and beverage] and retail -- I mean retail, I know Sheldon gave us some color. But maybe on the rooms and F&B, how should we think about margins in that segment?
Michael Alan Leven: Well, I think, Jon, any business would like to have those margins. Our margins in rooms run about 83%. Our margins in food and beverage are close to 30%. The volumes continue to increase, and banquet margins are terrific. We have some pricing opportunities left there of course, and we are managing our rooms in a way to maximize our room rates all the time. So I mean Singapore is an amazing place. I've never seen a property in all my years ramped in the level of this property in every area. So -- and you've got the high -- you've got an 83% margin in retail as well. So all these non-gaming areas represent significant margin, and it will continue to operate at that level. Our costs continue to escalate in our buildings in Macau and Singapore because just they're inflating in both places. So we have pricing power in our facilities to be able to maintain those margins as we go forward even with the increased costs.
Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Great. And just one final question on this raining cash theme on your dividends, which I like very much. Could you give us some color on the Sands China dividend? I know that your LVS dividend you're guiding for one quarter for every quarter. How should we think about Sands China's dividend, the HKD $0.58 that you declared? I mean is that a biannual number? Is that an annual number, or should we think of it as recurring or special? How should we go about forecasting that?
Michael Alan Leven: The anticipation is that the Sands China board will approve in June the same dividend as we gave out in the -- as was given out in the first quarter. Legally, the shareholders have to approve at the June meeting, but the anticipation is it will be an annual dividend given in 2 slots, one in February and one in, I think, July.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: What those papers said, we were adhering to Feng Shui practice. So 5, the number 5 is a very good number in the year of the Dragon, and 8 is a perpetual good number, so that's always good. So 5, 8, sounds good, let's do it. It was intended to be semiannual regular dividend.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I don't want to beat the dead horse and I know this has been talked about a lot, but I've always heard the concept and it makes empirical sense that when hold is high, Rolling Chip tends to be depressed. And I'm wondering if you guys could maybe clarify if that was an issue at Marina Bay Sands, and then I just had one follow-up about Slides 5 and 6.
Robert G. Goldstein: I don't believe that would be the case. It's nice, it's a convenient excuse, but I don't think that's the case. I think it's simply a case of where the players went to. And we experienced a great year-on-year growth, Carlo, as you saw. We didn't experience the third quarter's had more players bet more money, drive more roll. And I think it's a weak excuse to use and I wouldn't go there. I think you have to accept the numbers for what they are.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Understood. And then with respect to 5 and 6, could you guys maybe talk about what's left under the table cap and how you're planning to utilize that? And for my understanding, a lot of that will come from the Sands. Have you guys put any more thought into how that table ramp will play out here over -- as you open the property in stages?
Robert G. Goldstein: You say 5 and 6 as you move tables around?
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes, I mean, what we're doing daily, and I think David and the guys over there are looking at each of different places, and it's a complicated equation. We'll move tables basically where we think demand is, not just in the properties, but also in mass and VIP. So it's a never-ending -- it won't ever end. If we see stronger performance out of we can move tables out of Sands, if we find that it's weaker vis-à-vis the Cotai Strip, and I think that's going to be the goal is keep moving tables. And then we're seeing -- what surprised us is the amount of junket demand we have for Cotai Central, and we'll address that as time gets nearer. But as long as we're inside the table cap and the government is aware of our moves, I think we'll move through the market, so to speak. Our performance in the Four Seasons has been very gratifying. As we move to the Venetian Sands and 5 and 6, we'll continue to drive the -- the goal is to get the best operators with the most tables and drive the highest win per unit per day. And wherever that falls, that's where we'll move the tables to.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: By the way, if and when we do Lot 3, that will be an additional table. It's not going to be moving around the tables that we have. The tables that we have will be spread around most effectively between the Sands Macao, Venetian Macao, Plaza Casino at the Four Seasons and Cotai Central.
Operator: And we have time for one last question. Your final question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Let's go back to Macau for a quick sec. I've got a couple of questions there. The first question is, if your sense working with the junkets is whether or not they're having any collection issues that's been out there, and I'd like to put that to rest, if it's correct. The second question that I had was on the outperformance of your slot business. So it's really been terrific over the past 3 to 6 months and I'm wondering if that's more a function of marketing? Is it more a function of a change in equipment or a combination of the 2? And then the last question that I had is related to Sands Cotai and your expectation for how the pieces of the business are going to perform when you open. In other words, which pieces of the business might come out of the gate faster and which would you expect to have a slower ramp?
Robert G. Goldstein: I'll take the first one. The junkets we're seeing no issues in the question side. It's been addressed previously. We remain steadfast in our belief that we've got the best people in the industry working with us, and we're very comfortable with the exposure there. Same thing on our direct business; we have no issues that we're concerned about whatsoever. We review it monthly. On the slot performance, we appreciate recognizing what the teams accomplished. I think we -- again, not to be redundant, but to be complimentary to extraordinary team of people who assembled on the slot side, and those people are going to -- you're going to see it continue. I predict that we'll outperform the market on the slot ETG. We get -- the equipment is absolutely an issue. The marketing is an issue, but the real driver is people walking on that floor and constantly looking as I -- I go back quite a bit. I was there a few weeks ago. The floor moves consistently with the market, and we also have one incredible advantage and that is the combination of the non-gaming amenities of -- we have many, many rooms. The #1 driver of gaming performance is where people sleep. We have more sleeping rooms than anybody in the market by far. As a result, we have a huge built-in advantage at The Venetian and soon to be at Cotai Central, coupled with great equipment, coupled with the best retail malls that drive more traffic. So I would be surprised if what you're seeing in the slot performance doesn't continue to grow and grow. A lot of confidence in that segment and a lot of pride to what we've accomplished there. I think Eric and his team, performance there is exemplary and appreciably recognized here. Cotai, I'll let Mike speak to Cotai because we're very excited about it in all segments.
Michael Alan Leven: Well, I think we mentioned the last time or we mentioned somewhere that all of our VIP rooms are sold out on Cotai Central. So they will start very quickly as we get to grand opening. They'll probably be in there the first day. So I expect that will ramp up very quickly. In the early going, we'll get a lot of trial in the main casinos on mass market. But I think VIP will start faster. These hotels are branded, as you know, Conrad and Holiday Inn as well as Sheraton coming in afterwards. We're already getting some significant inquiries to their systems on the reservation side. There's been a lot of press lately that there weren't enough rooms at the right price. For many Chinese tours, we're able to price more effectively to get that business. But I think I'd look for VIP to start faster than mass, but then mass will catch up over time.
Robert G. Goldstein: I just want to pick up on Mike's comments that what's been really nice for us is to watch the demand on Cotai. It's by the junkets for this segment. And I think Cotai Central has that unique combination of many, many rooms, wonderful retail, a sister hotel for The Venetian and Four Seasons and lots of gaming space: so ETG slots, almost 2,600 games and growing. So I think it's -- I can't tell you which performs faster, but I can tell you again, all segments are going to perform at those buildings over the next 10, 12 months.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Well, just as a follow-up, how has the slot floor changed physically over the past 6 months? And then following up on the last comment, your pipeline of MICE business, is that still in, like, the third inning or thereabout on Cotai?
Michael Alan Leven: I'd say probably in the fourth inning now, Harry. It is moving. We had an increase this year, significantly better than last year in book and business that was in the properties, and I think you'll see it's a gradual growth, but it's going to continue to grow. The Macau itself, the country is very active in building their MICE business. In Singapore, of course, as we mentioned, we're pretty much sold out in '12 in the ballroom, the grand ballroom and other space. But in Macau, it's a little bit slow, but we're moving up inning by inning. There's not a quantum leap there. We have to grow, and we continue to grow, but it's better every year.
Robert G. Goldstein: Slot floor, however, continues to move. It's radical and consistent changes really weekly. Our latest move, you saw with IGT. I just think our guys are looking at the best equipment and it moves all the time. We changed configurations, we changed everything about the slot floor. Every time I go there, there's radical changes, and I think that resulted in the kind of numbers you're seeing, coupled with the non-gaming amenities of rooms and shopping. And I think that advantages, the big LVS advantage, not just for that property, but all the properties in Cotai. So it's a radical change. It's a consistent change. It's a very, very good change. It produces very strong profitability at segment and again, that segment is one to watch at this company and in Macau in general.
Operator: Sir, there are no further questions.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: No further questions. Thank you very much for your help. I just want reiterate that it's very gratifying to me as the CEO and Chairman of the company to have entered into a new category of entertainment, lodging, hospitality, resort development and gaming to a level that if you took the top 4 hotel companies that have a different business model of not making investments but just getting fee income, that we're -- that our EBITDA has equaled the top 4 -- or with almost 10,000 hotels, the top 4 hotels and we've equaled or exceeded Carnival Cruise Lines, which is the most profitable cruise line company in the world. So we're now in a totally different category. That was before the Concordia accident which hopefully comes out well for them.  Actually, a company I was involved with sold the first 2 ships to the Arison family, Ted Arison, because he went for us in running the 2 ships and the company back in the '60s and '70s. And he took one ship called The Carnival and named the company Carnival Cruise Lines and became the biggest operator in the world.  So anyway, we're in a totally different category, and it's very gratifying to me to have been involved with the company. And I want to thank not only the senior management, I want to thank all the management and all the team members of the company. And we simply have a lot to look forward to. I think nobody has sat about or mentioned Lot 3 in a long, long time. So we've applied for that. And everyone else is getting credit for saying, "Well, we're going to get something with Cotai." I remember the days where I want other people to join me in developing Cotai when it was a swamp and a Bay and other people said they didn't think it was right -- it would never work.  So the way that worked, our other plans will work as well. So thank you all very much. We appreciate your confidence in us and continue to have that. Thank you. That's the end of our call.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with this, we conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: K. J. Kay - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Michael Alan Leven - President, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, Director, Chairman of Advisory Committee, Acting Chief Executive Officer of Sands China Ltd, President of Las Vegas Sands LLC and Chief Operating Officer of Las Vegas Sands LLC Robert G. Goldstein - Executive Vice President and President of Global Gaming Operations Sheldon Gary Adelson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Member of Nominating & Governance Committee, Chairman of Las Vegas Sands LLC, Chairman of Sands China Ltd and Chief Executive Officer of Las Vegas Sands LLC Daniel Briggs - Investor Relations
Analysts: Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Pia, and I will be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Third Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now turn the conference over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you, Pia. And thank you, all, for joining us. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal Securities laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in these forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted property EBITDA, which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Mr. Sheldon G. Adelson.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Thank you, Dan. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you, all, for joining us today, and I would like to again thank those of you who were able to either personally attend our Investor Conference in New York on September 21 or joined us via the webcast. We sincerely appreciate your continued interest in our company. As you probably remember, one of the key things of our Investor Conference was centered on the predictability and reliability of our operating results. I describe "predictable" as something that follows trends and that those trends give you a road map for where you are likely to go in the future. In our case, the fact that the trends have occurred for so many quarters in a row, it makes them reliable.  I also noted that as the scale of our business has increased, the predictability and reliability of our revenue and cash flow growth has also meaningfully increased. If our thesis regarding the predictability and reliability of our business needs any further validation for the third quarter of 2011, please step forward. The company record, $924 million of EBITDA during the quarter compared to $645 million in the same quarter one year ago, our growth curve has continued unabated. We have now reached 9 consecutive quarters in which our EBITDA has increased. While we are on the topic of EBITDA, let me also point out that based upon the results of this quarter, we now have 2 integrated resorts, each producing run rate EBITDA of more than $1 billion, or in the case of Marina Bay Sands, it is producing actual EBITDA substantially in excess of that. I would like to congratulate our management team and all of the team members who helped us become the first company in our industry to ever reach that milestone.  In addition to the company record in EBITDA, which was a 43% increase from the third quarter of 2010, the company's net revenue increased 26% from the same quarter last year to a record $2.41 billion. Adjusted earnings per diluted share, which was $0.34 during the third quarter of 2010, rose to $0.55 per diluted share, a significant 62% increase.  Let me repeat something I said during our last earnings call and again during our investor conference. We see absolutely no reason, again, no catalyst at hand, which would change the upward trend we have been experiencing. If anything, we see a variety of catalysts, which could see us maintain this trend line well into the future.  Certainly, the most prominent catalyst is the opening of the first phase of Sands Cotai Central, which will happen roughly 5 short months from now. The opening phase will feature approximately 1,800 (sic) [5,800] hotel rooms and suites, significant MICE retail and restaurant space, and VIP and mass gaming facilities.  Years ago, when I came up with a vision of the Cotai Strip, very few believed in its potential. Now everyone wants to be there. But for the next 3 or 4 years Sands Cotai Central will be the last significant development on a stretch of the most coveted real estate in our industry. In Macau, we remained uniquely positioned to succeed in an environment in which demand exceeds supply, or as our new development comes online, a market in which supply drives additional demand. Another positive catalyst for us is the progress we are making in regards to our VIP business in Macau. We remain extremely confident that the investments we are making today to expand our offerings in the VIP segment will pay meaningful benefits in the quarters ahead.  So with that said, let me now spend a few minutes discussing the company's results by location. Let's start with Singapore where Marina Bay Sands delivered a property record $414 million in adjusted property EBITDA for the 52% EBITDA margin. For those of you with projections well below those numbers, please keep an eye out for one of our egg-wiping face towels, which you will be receiving shortly. As you can see -- and if anybody wants me to sign, please let me know. I'll be happy to sign my signature. As you can see in the press release, our whole percentage on Rolling Chip win was lower than normal at 2.69%. So if you adjust based on normal whole percentage, the property would have achieved EBITDA of approximately $438 million, and when combined with $6 million of nonrecurring expenses, an EBITDA margin of 54.1%. I like them apples.  Let me point out that the whole adjusted EBITDA number brings you to an annual run rate of more than $1.75 billion. I'm sorry to those of you who I disappointed with my meager prediction that the property would produce $1 billion in EBITDA this year. At this stage, it looks like I was off by a pretty fair amount. So I guess one of those egg-wiping face towels will be finding its way to my office as well. But trust me, I will suffer through the indignity of being wronged by such a substantial amount. All facets of our business at Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. On the Gaming side, and all of these at property records, Rolling Chip volume, the VIP business, increased 63% from last year to $16.7 billion. Non-Rolling Chip drop, the mass market, was at 34% over last year to $1.2 billion, and slot handle increased 105% compared to the third quarter last year and reached $2.8 billion. Who said that the market was leveling off? Let me know who it is, we'll send another towel. Evidence of the property's continued ramp was also in display with large year-over-year increases in non-gaming revenue. Combined rooms, food and beverage and retail revenue increased by more than 95% from the third quarter of 2010. The increase on revenue was led by a 91% increase in RevPAR, moving from USD $168 last year to USD $321 this quarter. Compared to a year ago, hotel average daily rates increased 33% to USD $327, and occupancy was almost 30 points -- was up almost 30 points to 98%. Turning now to Macau, and the property is operated there by thereby a majority-owned subsidiary, Sands China Ltd., adjusted EBITDA for the Macau property operations was $388 million, an increase of 16% from last year's third quarter. If adjusted for a normalized hold percentage, adjusted EBITDA would have been $401 million to the quarter. And compared to the second quarter of 2011, when our hold adjusted EBITDA was approximately $365 million, we grew EBITDA sequentially by 10% on an hold adjusted basis.  The Venetian Macao produced $253 million of EBITDA with a record EBITDA margin of 36.7%. Slot handle increased to $897 million during the quarter, and we saw double-digit percentage increases over last year in Non-Rolling Chip drop and Rolling Chip volume. As I pointed out last quarter, our non-gaming businesses in Macau continue to grow. Rooms, food and beverage and retail revenue at The Venetian Macao all saw significant percentage increases over the third quarter of 2010. This trend is particularly exciting as we close in on the opening of Cotai Central, which will obviously feature a wide variety of additional non-gaming components.  The Plaza Casino at the Four Seasons increased its EBITDA to $60 million for the quarter, up 22% from the same quarter last year. As I mentioned in the opening, we have an aggressive plan for the Plaza moving forward, beginning with the addition of 2 new leading VIP operators opening there in the next couple of weeks.  The Sands Macao had adjusted property EBITDA of $76 million. The Sands saw strong percentage increases over last year's third quarter. Non-Rolling Chip drop increased 11%. Rolling Chip volume increased 26%, and slot handle was up by more than 23% year-over-year. Turning to our operations here in the U.S. Our Las Vegas properties reported a third quarter record EBITDA of $94 million, an increase of 62% versus the same quarter a year ago. The power of our global presence is attracting new players here and enabled The Venetian Palazzo to record $536 million in table games drop, the second-largest quarter in terms of drop in the history of our Las Vegas properties. Stranded, group meeting and commensurate business at The Venetian Palazzo also contributed to a 33% increase in cash revenues from the sale of hotel rooms and a 21% increase in food and beverage revenues.  Sands Bethlehem in Pennsylvania recorded adjusted property EBITDA of $25 million. The property's new outlet stores will begin previews early next week ahead of the February grand opening. We expect traffic from the retail stores, the 300-room hotel which opened in May, and the forthcoming events center to provide a continued increase in our Gaming revenue there. So that completes an overview of our operating results for the quarter. And at this time, along with Mike, Rob and Ken, who are all here with me, we would be happy to address your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A question for you on Singapore. Obviously, the VIP volumes were significantly ahead of I think what most of us were expecting, which is great. I was hoping you can maybe just help us understand how you're thinking about reserving there, whether reserves as a percentage of asset and credit have changed at all your views on that? And then one thing we noticed in the quarter, too, and I think I understand this because it should tie in with the higher volumes is that it looks like the commissions there to the direct players on a percentage of role increased sequentially. If you can help us, explain that, please.
K. J. Kay: Yes, Joe. It's Ken. I'll take the receivables, and Rob will probably address the commissions. As we talked about before, we're reserving somewhere on a quarterly basis between 3% and 7% of our rolling win. And this quarter, we're right in the middle of that, about 5.4%. And as we've talked about before, we go account by account with regard to all of the players down there and take a look at where we are. And this quarter, based upon the higher volume, we decided to go through with that 5.4%, and we're adequately reserved at the end of the quarter.
Robert G. Goldstein: Joe, it's Rob. Obviously, our Singapore business was terrific, as you referenced. And what's really happening is a concentration geographically, but also the type of customer we're getting, it's a very high-end customer, $1 million-plus driving most of that business. So commissions are trending up slightly because we pay more, based on higher roll we have bonuses based on higher return. So it is up a bit, and I think that trend -- as long as we can roll $17 billion, $16 billion a quarter, we're going to be in this range. Our business, I referenced, it's more -- it's coming from fewer people than in Macau. And clearly, you're going to pay more as people are rolling $1 million, $2 million, $10 million, whatever. So that is a consequence of having that kind of roll.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then so far...
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I never thought we'd be sending Joe Greff a towel. But Dan, send him a towel.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then with regard to Las Vegas, I know we all tend to focus on Asia, but we saw some very good revenue growth and really good flow-through there. Is there anything that you're seeing now that would indicate to you that, at least directionally, these trends are not sustainable?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Well, I said that in what I talked about, is -- in my prepared remarks, there is nothing that we can see either short-term, intermediate-term, long-term that could be a catalyst to reverse that direction.
Robert G. Goldstein: Joe, on the Gaming side, we referenced it in Sheldon's opening remarks, we just saw a heavy, heavy amount of play in the Asian front. And that speaks to our belief that our presence globally assists us here in Las Vegas because customers do come here. It was a quarter that we've never seen, a third quarter, summer quarter, at those kind of drop numbers. And it evidences our strength in that segment. And I think that will continue to grow as Asia grows, and as our strength in the high-end Asian market grows.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And then my last question. In October so far in Singapore, are you seeing anything that would suggest that growth is plateauing?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I would say I've got to be careful about disclosing here. I would say just the opposite.
Operator: The next question will come from Mark Strawn with Morgan Stanley.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Two questions on Singapore. One, following up on Joe's question, could you give us some additional color on what drove the sequential increase in VIP volumes? Is that more play out of the China and North Asia region? Is it market share, a combination of both? And one follow-up after that.
K. J. Kay: Sure. Mark, it's a number of customers coming out of Mainland China. It continues to be more important than Singapore, so is Hong Kong. There is some play out of Singapore, itself, mostly PR play. Indonesia, Malaysia, Korea, Japan, all important. But clearly, the strength of that RIM business is residing in Mainland China, whether it be mainland Chinese themselves, living in mainland or having a second home in Singapore. So I think the strength of the growth we're seeing in Singapore is primarily driven by mainland Hong Kong. But Singapore, itself, there's some business there as well. And the other markets we mentioned, Indonesia, Japan, Korea, et cetera.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Is there anything that you're doing differently on the international marketing side to drive some of that play? Or is it really just more players are aware of the property, and it's as simple as that?
K. J. Kay: I think it's a combination of the properties now that have been opened in excess of a year. It's a great property. It's a great place to do business. People really enjoy going to Singapore. Mainland Chinese people in particular are seeing they have a cultural predisposition to go there. I think our marketing team in the field is extraordinarily strong. It gets better as we hire more people over time. And I think what we're seeing is a lot of years of being in that business, and trying to contemplate today, we have multiple properties in Asia, and it's paying off in dividends now. So it is a concentrated business, but we have people working in Asia at this every day and focus on it. And you're seeing some of the benefits. I think that's the best way. We've always said slow and steady wins the race. We weren't going to do anything we weren't comfortable with. We stay very, very consistent in our thinking. And I think you're seeing the results of that thinking at this point.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: That doesn't include the attraction of our good looks and charm.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. I have one final question. Can you give additional color on the onetime expenses you mentioned in Singapore as well? And also, if possible, do you have the bad debt expense number in Singapore for the quarter?
K. J. Kay: Yes, sure. With regard to kind of the nonrecurring expenses, it was composed of 2 items. We finally got the property tax assessment from the government. And as a result of that, part of what we had to accrue this quarter pertained to 2010. So it was about $3.6 million of it was prior year. And then there was about $2.4 million of kind of onetime or nonrecurring expenses associated with the entertainment program. And then with regard to the receivable reserves, based upon accruing at that kind of 5.4% of rolling win, it amounted to about $24 million of reserve provision.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: That's not the total. That's -- it's the quarter.
Robert G. Goldstein: Correct.
Operator: The next question will come from Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First, how far along are you -- and maybe this is for Rob -- on revamping the VIP offerings in Macau? I know you talked about that at the Analyst Day just a few weeks ago. But are we in the implementation stage? Are you starting to see some of those higher-quality junket operators coming through? So when do we start to see that? And in a similar tone, the marketing program for Cotai Central, what is the plan there in part to offset the cannibalization for the -- for the existing businesses there, a different strategy for Cotai Central that you can talk to.
Robert G. Goldstein: Steve, it's Rob. We've talked about this now for the better part of the year. It actually kicks off -- I'm in Macau next week, we kick off our first -- Sheldon referenced to it in his opening remarks -- we kick off our first few junket groups taking over space in the Four Seasons Plaza. It continues throughout the balance of this year and throughout the first 2 quarters of 2012. We're very, very comfortable, very happy what's happened over there in terms of our 5 or 6 key junket groups that's not been heretofore part of our business mix. We feel very confident it will impact both the Cotai and the Four Seasons, but also The Venetian, and also the Sands. So the strategy always was to have literally hundreds of new customers, thousands of new opportunities to grow our business. It's in place. It kicks off next week. It's about another 7 months before we implement it. It goes throughout the first quarter and second quarter. But the answer is it's happening. We're very comfortable with our relationships. We're very comfortable with our deals. We're fully sold out on all of our 5, 6 opportunities. Now I'll let Mike address some of the marketing thinking for Sands Cotai.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: I'll just clarify that. We're all sold out on all the VIP rooms, and we have a waiting list.
Robert G. Goldstein: Right. Our VIP demand has outstripped our supply. It's a wonderful problem to have. We have -- I think the strength of what we did in Cotai enabled this company to do something unique. Unlike other people who have a property, we have all these different places to fill. And for the top junket people, we're a very desirable partner. That's paying off big-time in terms of our VIP business. And I think you'll see it next week, beginning phases of it. But it is still another 6, 7 months to go to finish the whole thing. But by the end of Q2, we feel very good about it.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: This is Sheldon. I want to point out that I've heard the word cannibalization over the last several years, but I have not seen a single instance of one property cannibalizing the other. Period. We were hoping to cannibalize, and I think we've cannibalized a lot of the properties on the peninsula, with my idea about the Cotai Strip and Asia's Las Vegas. And as I said in my prepared remarks, where was everybody when it was a swamp and a bay, and nobody wanted to take the land there? I had to go back to the government and say, "You send me out. You said our land is out here in Cotai," I said, "Where is it?" They said, "It's under the water," and "but you're going to have to bring it up." So at a time when nobody wanted it, now everybody talks about it. In fact, we are not cannibalizing any of our properties. We could tell you that. If anything, the critical mass, the fundamental rudimentary premise of Asia's Las Vegas, the Cotai Strip, is based upon supply. I don't want to use the trade old phrase that says, "Build and then they will come." But we're building it, and they're coming. I think the community has to recognize, both the analyst and investor community, should recognize that this is the supply-driven industry. There's nobody out there with picket signs and sleeping over in tents and saying, "We insist that our casino or an integrated resort be built here." We build it. They come.
Robert G. Goldstein: Steve, let me mention a few things about Macau in terms of Cotai Central, also just to repeat what Sheldon said, we'll be opening the first 1,800 rooms, which is a 1,200 room Holiday Inn and a 600-room Conrad by Hilton, at the end of the first quarter. At the end of the third quarter, the first Sheraton Tower of 2,000 rooms will also open, in the end of third quarter '12. And then at the first quarter of '13, as we've said before in previous calls, we'll open the last 2,000 rooms at the Sheraton. Last week in Macau, there was a tour of the properties, checking on the opening, looking at the facilities. It's going to be beautiful. The casinos will be beautiful, as well as the room product, the MICE product, et cetera. We reviewed, for the brand launch, all of the people who are in the room. We went over all the marketing strategies. We're now capable on Cotai to have different price tiers, particularly for the mass market, as well as for the luxury market, going all the way from the Four Seasons down to the Holiday Inn. So essentially, our rate structure and rate packages have all been done for various segments, so there will not be any cannibalization. The sales team is out all over the area and all over Asia and in Mainland China doing tour packages. That's all in the program. We'll review the opening and -- opening operating budget, as well as the ongoing budgets, and had a rigorous review of all these marketing plans for The Venetian, The Palazzo, Four Seasons, Holiday Inn and for the Conrad in the early going. All of this, with substantial financial participation, will help us to fill that volume. Our expectations are very high. And we believe that with the VIP rooms done on the high-end VIP side, we're fine. And on the mass market, we will continue to dominate that. And that's what these plans are all doing. So I think you'll feel very comfortable that we have a very targeted and strategic marketing plan in place to be able to eliminate any cannibalization, and get the greatest share of not only the existing marketplace that's not in those buildings, but the ongoing growth of the Macau market, which should help dramatically with the high-speed rail that will be coming early next year as well. So we're in very good position that way.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And Ken or Rob, maybe just a separate question. The Marina Bay Sands hold percentage was 2.69% this quarter and year ago. I know you talked about a theoretical range of 2.7% to 3.0%. But over the past 1.5 years or so, it's been bouncing around anywhere from 2.5% to 3.1%. I was just wondering if there's anything driving it, customers moving, shorter time to the table, or do you simply need more players to smooth this out over the next couple of years? In other words, is that 2.7% the right range, or should we start to adjust and expect a wider range?
Robert G. Goldstein: I wouldn't do a thing, Steve. I think our range is just where it should be. I think you'll see it be where it should be at the end of the year. It's a business that, to do these kind of numbers, say we did $50 billion, $60 billion, $70 billion, you're going to get there. And whether this quarter is 2.6%, next quarter is 3.5%, I think it's silly to think the range is going to change. We've been doing this for a lot of years in Las Vegas. There's billions of dollars of evidence. If anything, I think in Asia, if you follow the high-end business, you have a different -- different positive, and that is that the customers stay for weeks, not days. And they gamble for -- this is not an American customer. They sit there for hours and hours and hours. The product is extraordinary in Singapore. The product keeps the customers there. I wouldn't be the least be concerned to adjust your numbers. I think when it's all said and done, we'll hit and exceed our range. We have total -- Andrew and the team over there, and Mark Juliano, Andrew MacDonald, Jeremy Buck, watch these numbers daily. We're very comfortable with our forecast being 2.8% to 3%. I wouldn't be concerned at all. We see plenty of business and plenty of time on the...
Sheldon Gary Adelson: It's the law of averages. It's always going to come out a moving average calculation. We'll show it at 2.85%. In different parts of the world, you may get depending upon how people play blackjack, on luck or by the rules, you might come up with a 2.93% or 2.95% over in Asia. But it's always going to be in between that number.
Robert G. Goldstein: In Las Vegas, we've done this for 11 years now. Our hold percentage is roughly 10 points higher than the blackjack in the American business because of the Asians. I would give you every confidence that in Singapore, this is the right place to be for taking high-end business for -- sitting there for a huge amount of time. And we're not at the least a bit concerned.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Steve, you should now that looking at these numbers, year-to-date, our whole percentage is 2.82%. We track this every day. It's a little more disconcerting for us than you, because it does go up and down. But we know in the end, after all this time, it's coming out just where it should be.
Operator: The next question will come from Janet Brashear with Sanford Bernstein.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Rob, I wanted to ask you about the VIP business at the Four Seasons. Are you using any of the unsold apartment space there for either junkets or VIP customers? And if so, how much of it are you using?
Michael Alan Leven: Are you talking about -- not the apartments. Are you talking about the mansions?
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: No, I'm talking about the apartments that you ultimately wanted to sell.
Robert G. Goldstein: What we're using is levels 2, 3 and 4, all approved by the government. The other things you referenced, I believe, are in discussion, but waiting. The government will make those decisions, not us.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And then a follow-up on Sands Macao. Is it your understanding that the ferry terminal on the peninsula will close in 2013 when the Pac On Terminal is finished? And if so, how does that affect Sands Macao?
Michael Alan Leven: Janet, we've heard about that. There's some conversation. You probably see the news as well as we do. I believe SJM has lodged some objections to that happening. We will be involved and participate in that situation. We'd still like that terminal to stay open as long as possible, but it will be a government decision. But I just saw it today, actually, that SJM has made some major commentary to the government. So they may -- I don't know what they're thinking, what the exact thinking or timing would be, but we are watching it.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: The fact that I reported increases in all categories for the Sands, shows that the Sands still has the "Sands effect," and still is the first foreign operator casino on the peninsula. We are increasing and we'd obviously -- which I said earlier, we're not cannibalizing the Sands. We obviously seem to be doing a good job keeping the Sands patronage. The customers keep coming in there because our numbers keep increasing.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And can I ask you another question? It's mostly Macau-related but really hits the whole company. As you look at next year's CapEx, what is your anticipated spend? I know most of that will be Cotai Central. But if you just look at your existing projects that you're aware of, what do you get to for next year?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: If you take out Cotai Central, our existing capital spend annually is going to be in the vicinity of about $400 million.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And then with Cotai Central?
K. J. Kay: You're referring to maintenance number, right?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: The maintenance capital of the existing buildings.
K. J. Kay: Right. And then from a project standpoint, we're probably close to about $1.2 billion. Right. The bulk of that, obviously, is Sands Cotai Central. And then we've got some retainage payments, obviously, to make on Marina Bay Sands.
Operator: The next question will come from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to touch -- ask real quickly on Singapore. There's been a lot of questions on the VIP side, and obviously the roll numbers are huge. But I just wanted to ask about the mass market side, because you continue to show very solid sequential growth there. Maybe, Rob, if you could give us a little bit more color on what you guys are seeing on the slots, in particular, just what's driving, maybe breaking down that in terms of visitation, spend per visit, maybe where some of those customers are coming from.
Robert G. Goldstein: Right. Well, we're obviously 2 very unique businesses there, and they're both extraordinary. Let's start -- let's deal with mass table. As we ramped up from Q4 last year, our drop just keeps growing, when we hit this year, we're anticipating $100 million a month in total Casino win out of that segment. And I think on the table side of that equation, it just gets better and better. We're holding in the 22, 23 range, which speaks to customers' willingness to gamble and stay at the table. And the drop is increasing considerably. The good news from our perspective is that's mostly a tourist customer. I would say majority of our business comes out of the non-rated side, which is the wonderful customer, both in terms of margin and consistency. We're fortunate in that think of us as having tens of thousands of hotel rooms in the neighborhood that feed that market. It's tourist-driven. And we believe that as we keep ramping, it just -- we have more and more ability to grow our table win, and our hold percentage stays consistent. So on the slot side of the equation, it's more rated customers. We believe that market -- you saw the increases, the wins keep going up every quarter, steady increases that we picked this quarter at 147 gross wins in the slot side, 271 in the table side, $4.6 million a day. Our goal is to, obviously, get to $5 million in the future. That would yield about $100 million a month of very, very sticky EBITDA. So this is an extraordinary business. I've worked in a lot of different markets, never seen anyplace like it in terms of both consistency, demand, margin. It's just a wonderful opportunity, Shaun, and I don't see how it gets worse. You've seen, everyone keeps talking about the leveling off, but for us, if you look at the drop and the wins in both mass tables and slots, they just keep improving quarter-after-quarter, never have declined. And the hold percentage is hold consistent. So people laugh when we said we could do $3 million a day, then we did $4 million a day. We're heading to $5 million a day. The focus in Singapore, obviously, a lot of people focus on the VIP section. The story that we should be talking about is hold, the consistency -- to Sheldon's comments, opening remarks, the consistency, predictability, stability of this mass table and slot businesses in Singapore is extraordinary, and it's driving great tourism for the building. The building is exceptional, our food and beverage and retail. So people want to see this place, and I think the evidence is in these numbers, which are just terrific. Our team there is, again, Jeremy and Andrew and Mark, and the team there have done a great job.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's really helpful, Rob. And just to be clear, are you seeing visitation counts increase into the property at this point, I know they were kind of stable in the first 2 quarters?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Dan wants to take it.
Daniel Briggs: Visitation is relatively flat, Shaun, between the second quarter and the third quarter into the casino. But visitation to the property continues to increase, and will continue to increase as you bring more folks into the area with the train that's coming first quarter next year.
Robert G. Goldstein: We think, Shaun, to that point, the MRT stop, which is Q1 '12, and the cruise terminal Q2 '12, the Garden debate of 2012, events of the Singapore sports hub are unique opportunities to continue to grow this mass slot and table business. Unlike maybe in New York or the U.S., where people don't take mass transit, it is well-regarded in Singapore. It's safe. And I think it's going to be a very, very big boom both to the retail, but I also think this property will just get stronger because of how wonderful it is with architecturally, food and beverage, the retail. It's an exceptional property that everybody comes back from and talks about. So I think our growth here, I don't know how high is high. I don't know. I know one thing, we're not seeing a lack of demand. We keep wanting to open more tables and more slot machines on the weekends, and it looks very steady and very strong.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: The reaction of foreigners, government officials, ministers that come in, tourism people, and they come in and say -- the first thing they do is point at the building and say, "Can you build one of those for me, or something like it?" It's the greatest reference site in the history of buildings. And clearly it's, a lot of people call it, not at our urging, but thankfully, the eighth wonder of the world. And too bad, we couldn't reproduce it. We certainly won't do that to the architect or to the City of Singapore, it's got to be a one-of-a-kind. But if we could, we would. But we can't. We'll come up with other great designs. And that's why people want to come there. Remember that the non-gaming profitability is at a very high percentage level. So beside the gaming, we're making -- the rooms, as I said, continue to rise. Mike said yesterday, a couple of days ago, that after looking at the month's numbers, he said he's never known of a property to achieve this RevPAR in 50 years of being in the hotel business.
Shaun C. Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's really helpful. And I guess I just had one about Macau and I'll yield the floor. Just the margins at the Venetian this quarter were exceptional. I mean, it may have been a record at 36.7. I'm just trying to understand, as you guys go forward and you get a little bit of mix shift back towards junket-based VIP, we'd expect that those probably actually come down, but your volume and your dollars probably keep going up. Any sense of kind of your thoughts behind how that mix shift is going to play out or if this margin level is a little bit more sustainable than we might think?
Robert G. Goldstein: I think it's sustainable in our current business model in the casino, but hopefully it'll go down significantly as we grow a lot more junket business which, as you know, is much slimmer margins. But I think when you look at some of the numbers that Galaxy and Wynn, our competitors, have thrown off in that segment, I'd rather have more EBITDA than less margin because we've left behind some dollars there. And I think, yes, you know the answer, Shaun, we do our job right, we're right about the VIP segment, we may contribute a lower margin but a much higher EBITDA. Last time I checked, EBITDA was more important than margins. So I'm very excited to drop the margin down and get the EBITDA up to...
Sheldon Gary Adelson: Hey, that's my line, Rob.
Robert G. Goldstein: So yes, I think you know if we do our job right, margin will come down. The Venetian is extraordinary. Ed and Dave and that team has done a great job of driving margin. But I think as they drive the next piece of that business, you're going to see a movement to more EBITDA, along with a very fat margin.
Operator: The next question will come from Jon Oh with CLSA.
Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions on Singapore. I'll start with just trying to understand, again, the VIP segment. I think that's the biggest surprise to everyone. I'm just trying to ascertain how much of this growth that we're seeing sequentially that's coming from an overall growth of the market, which has been pretty flat in the last few quarters of roughly, I think, around $24 billion of Rolling Chip per quarter. And how much of it is actually you cannibalizing Genting, in your estimate anyway? Any comments on that?
Robert G. Goldstein: I don't know Genting's numbers so I have no idea how to say what the market's doing. I can only speak to our -- I know people keep telling me, I have this discussion regularly, people telling me how flat the market is. And I get confused, I guess, because I look at the last 4 quarters, our growth has been 8 to 10 to 12 now to 16. To me, that looks like pretty good growth. I can't speak to our friends at Genting. I hope they're doing great numbers because we hope the market grows together. But our rolling volume this last year has just gone very well. We're very proud of our success. I don't know, I hope it's not at their expense. I like to believe they're growing with us. That would be my desire, that a competitor/partner that grows the market together. But I can only speak to our numbers, and I think they are pretty damn good.
Jon T. Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And my other question is, the VIP segment is presumably very capital intensive. Have you allocated any incremental capital, for example, in growing your cage cash balance in the VIP from Marina Bay Sands? And if you can give us any color on how much capital are you actually allocating right now to grow that business to being roughly averaging around $5.5 billion of Rolling Chip per month?
Robert G. Goldstein: I've got to tell you, I don't see it being capital intensive, Jon. I think of it as actually one of the -- we have some airplanes we use. We have some high-end talked-about areas and throw our high-end players in some nice suites. But on a return on invested capital basis, I venture to say it's incredibly efficient. Off the top of my head, I'm looking at Ken for advice here, but I don't think we're spending a whole lot of -- as far as the cage, no. The answer to that is no. As far as spending money, we're adding some suites next year. We're adding 7 or 8 suites on the -- subject to government approval. We continue to provide a high level of service. The good news is, this is a rather small market, and very honestly, as long as you provide excellent service, terrific food, good casino people to handle the business, it's not that capital intense, so I don't think it's a significant number to talk about. Our other businesses are more capital intensive, the hotel business and the mass table and slot business. But baccarat table is pretty reasonable, and VIP suites. And there's a labor, again, because we have VIP people that make sure the customers are comfortable and provide adequate service. But I don't think -- Ken, let me know if I'm missing something with the capital-intensive business from our perspective. We roll $50 billion or $60 billion or $70 billion, I don't think it changed a whole lot. It's capital intensive from the perspective of reinvestment on the commission piece, but that's about it.
K. J. Kay: You also have to pay that -- obviously, the gaming tax and the GST tax when you win the money on a monthly basis, which works out to about 8.5% or so. We'll pay 8.5% for the taxes and carry the receivable balance. As long as we're collecting that, it's a very efficient business.
Operator: The next question will come from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays Capital.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Rob, as we think about growth in Singapore, I was just wondering, could you talk about your capacity utilization there?
Robert G. Goldstein: Sure. Are we talking VIP, Felicia? Are we talking mass?
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I think we should talk about mass, because it's more relevant to mass, right?
Robert G. Goldstein: Right. Right. I think so. Well, it's not an issue at all on VIP, let's be clear. We have plenty of VIP space. We only have -- it's a very interesting market, but on the VIP side, there's absolutely no challenges, even Saturday night or New Year's Eve, plenty of space to gamble. On the slot machines, obviously, we're capped by government regulation. We run a very high utilization, probably the highest I've ever seen. On weekends and holidays, we get into the 80s. In my mind, that's pretty much -- you can't get a whole lot higher. So yes, the answer is we have -- we definitely have in the slot machines -- these machines that next year we'd do, let's say, $700 million, the highest numbers in the industry. So clearly, we have high capacity and high usage. It's an issue at times, but frankly I would say, if you have 21 shifts a week, it's probably an issue with 2 shifts. Maybe it's Saturday night, maybe it's Saturday morning or afternoon. It really isn't a problem beyond that. In fact, you walk into Singapore, I'll be there next week, and you walk in, when I usually arrive, in the middle of the night, and you get there on Tuesday, Wednesday night, there's plenty of room to gamble. On the table side, we are actually hiring more dealers and be more aggressive to maximize this wonderful market, and that is to open. I mean, Andrew and the team have strived, and George, to get more dealers on board so we can get more tables open and use every one of our table situations. Because on holidays and weekends, we do hit some awfully high utilization numbers. You can't make -- we think, if this market keeps going, you can't do $2 billion in that space without hitting some high utilization on weekends and holidays. But I would caution you that Sunday through Thursday it's not -- I look at the accounts, and we're not challenged at all 5.5 days a week. But clearly, you do these kind of numbers, you're going to have some fast usage at times, sure.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So with the shoulder periods kind of being weaker, are you trying to push or lobby for getting more capacity on the slot side in particular?
Robert G. Goldstein: No, the government makes those decisions, not us. And we abide by government regulation, which is, clearly, we're capped, and we are where we are.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then just switching gears to Macau. I mean, clearly, you say it's a lot about as you integrate to the new junkets. But I'm just wondering, as you transition to the new relationships, do you foresee any kind of disruption or any kind of risk in that transition period, maybe perhaps from now until Chinese New Year where you could see your VIP revenues dip as you transition?
Robert G. Goldstein: I don't understand when you say we...
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Well, could you...
Robert G. Goldstein: To be blunt, we've underperformed the market in that segment. We're extraordinarily strong in the mass, and we're great on our slot business. But let's be clear, we think we've underperformed and we think -- I mean, we all believe that there's such huge upside. I don't think that's going to hurt us at all. I think it's going to -- if anything, it's all upside. I can't think of it -- I'm going to be there next week. I can't think of a reason why we'd trade down. I think we're going to just -- it's all upside from here.
Felicia R. Hendrix - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So there's not -- you can't make the case that, even though you are underperforming, that over the next few months you might dislocate the current -- I'm sorry, the junkets that are currently there might feel disenfranchised or dislocated or just that it could get a little worse before it gets better.
Robert G. Goldstein: I really can't. I'm listening to you, I'm thinking to myself as you ask the question, but the answer is no. I think just the opposite. I think we're very -- everyone in this room, and Ed and David and the team in Macau, all of us are very, very excited about this new phase of LVS's experience in Macau. We're really excited to have ourselves get into that group of peer station, a very high end-of-roll business, and get with the right people in the room to drive it. I don't think there's any risk at all of that, no.
Operator: The next question will come from Harry Curtis with Nomura.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: A quick question, Sheldon, on your growth opportunities. Can you just give sense of the status of your growth opportunities in Asia. And if new development opportunities take longer to gestate, what would you like to see done with the free cash flow?
Sheldon Gary Adelson: What would I like to see done? First of all, there are development opportunities, but some of which we are enthused about, some of which -- I mean, that are not open yet, and some of which, a couple within the states, we're not that enthused about. There are some obstacles to the one in Massachusetts and in Florida. But in Asia, which would be our first choice, it appears as though Korea and Japan are making louder and more current and more urgent moves in the direction of legalizing casino gaming in integrated resorts. Since we're the leader in integrated resorts everybody feels that -- in the world -- everybody -- but we created the concept of integrated resorts. Everybody knows that we are the most probable winner of any competition out there. But it all depends where and when. We think that Korea and Japan -- and if one of those legalizes, the other one is going to in a heartbeat. There's a competition between the countries, who's going to get out there first. And both of them are concerned that the other one may get it done ahead of them, so they're accelerating their efforts. As far as the cash is concerned, I think my wife would like dividends, my children would like dividends, and so would I. But we happen to have a few shares to which the dividend may apply. And I may be able to get a new plane or maybe even something more than my 10-meter sports fisherman boat. I think, as I said at the Investor Day, Harry, and I think you were there, I said we are definitely going to consider it next year. So I could tell you that the subject matter is not gathering cobwebs. It's a topical subject for the Board of Directors with whom we had a meeting yesterday. And I think that we will keep our -- that is, I won't say commitment, but we'll keep our feelings about strong consideration for dividends in 2012.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. That's great. And I had a follow-up question. I don't know if Ed's on the phone, but there's an awful lot of concern about, at least amongst the economists who follow China, about the state of the shadow banking system. And if someone could give us their view of if there's any linkage at all between the shadow banking system and the source of funding for your Macau junkets.
Michael Alan Leven: Harry, I was in Macau last week. We had these discussions. And everybody that I've spoken to does not see any significant problem in that particular area. But to be very candid, I'm not sure anybody that we speak to, including Ed -- who is on the phone, he can't speak to you, but I know he's on the phone from Macau. We don't see any indication or hear any indication about it. But in fairness to everybody, I don't think anybody really knows. That's probably why it's called shadow banking. But at this date, with all the conversations we've had with the people who are involved in that end of the business, they have not given us any indication. And in fact, just the opposite, in our conversations as of last week.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: The clippings, the news clippings that I see say that the central government is not going to allow any banks or shadow banks or whatever they're called, they're not going to allow developers to get hurt because -- it's only in one province, Guangzhou, I'm not sure how I'd pronounce that. But I want to remind you, Harry, that the government in Beijing is just centrally -- the government of the society of China is a centrally controlled government. They could turn an aircraft carrier on a dime, and it would take this country with all the agencies and all the special interest we have to go through, it'd take us the Pacific Ocean to turn an aircraft carrier around. So they get things done. Never in my years of watching China, I've never heard of a macroeconomic crisis in China. So I think if people are talking about one or pointing to one in the making, I just think that they don't really understand how the country is run. And it's unlikely that, in my mind, that there will be any -- unless the government wants to tame money then there won't be any taming of money. If they do, there will be. But there's no indication that they're going to do that.
Operator: The next question is from Carlo Santarelli with Deutsche Bank.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered, but if you would remind me, Rob, you'd commented a little bit on this. Some of the recent trends in Macau maybe post-Golden Week. And also if you could kind categorize the environment you're seeing amongst your competitors for VIP business in the market as it stands now. That'll be great.
Robert G. Goldstein: I think our quarter -- obviously, Carlo, our quarter speaks to the numbers that I can speak to, I can't speak beyond them. But I think business in Macau -- everyone talks about the concerns, the economic concerns and the cannibalization, but I keep looking at the numbers and, from my perspective, it's still an extraordinary market, that the Galaxy guys delivered some terrific numbers that I think indicate the depth of that market. And I think our goal is simply to keep participating in the mass slot entailed business and increase our share of the VIP. I hate to sound redundant, but I think we have a lot of growth opportunity there. And I think Macau -- look, I started with Macau in 2004. We opened the Sands. And I remember people saying, "Gee, could you ever surpass Las Vegas in revenue?" At that time, they were neck and neck. And last time I checked, they're doing better than Las Vegas and Macau. I have a lot of...
Sheldon Gary Adelson: 4x better.
Robert G. Goldstein: I have a lot of confidence that Macau is not going to be an issue. I think there's plenty of business there. To Sheldon's point, it's just an extraordinary growth market that I think the transportation issues, as they get more and more -- as the bridges and the trains, et cetera, the growth into the outer provinces are going to make that market grow and grow. The VIP speaks to itself. Those numbers are extraordinary. I mean, Galaxy proved it can be done, and they also didn't cannibalize their operations on the Peninsula. So I hope we can emulate that and grow our VIP. But that market just continues to surprise everybody and anybody -- anybody who's honest about it has been wrong about the market in Macau. And there's certainly more people who have yet to come to Macau, that we feel very bullish about it, in every way.
Carlo Santarelli - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I think maybe part of my question more had to do with maybe what some of your competitors are doing around commissions, things like that, if you're seeing anybody acting more aggressive in the present environment than they were previously.
Robert G. Goldstein: Well we've always tried to be conservative, and I think we continue. We think we're privileged in the sense we've got so much real estate to offer our junket partners that we can participate that way. I think what lacks -- look, let's be honest, let's be blunt on this call. What LVS has that no one else has is capacity. Five hotel casinos open next year. No one has that. No one of our major competitors. We're simply the biggest use of land in Cotai. We have what everybody wants, which is capacity and tables and slot machines. That's an extraordinary advantage to this company that we simply have to continue to do better at. And so as we open Cotai next year in 2012, and we'll just keep looking at our margins and doing the best job we can to maximize our revenues. I don't think people really -- I thought the Galaxy numbers were very strong, obviously on the high end, and they show the way in terms of what can be done. Are we more margin conscious than most? Yes, I think we are. Are we going to trade and be too aggressive and do things when we're forced? No, we're not. We'll remain conservative and focused and grow our business that way.
Operator: The final question will come from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Such a great quarter in Singapore, I do not have a question there. On Macau...
Robert G. Goldstein: Come on, Robin. Give us something.
Robin M. Farley - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: No, I have one on Macau. Just I wonder if you can give the same color, because I think it sounds like the reserve percentage you were talking about as a percentage of rolling win, but that was Singapore. Can you give us a little color on Macau reserves and how that compares to previous quarters?
K. J. Kay: Yes. When you look at kind of what we recorded in reserves for the quarter, it's actually very consistent, both on a quarter-over-quarter basis, year-over-year, if we will, and then also on a sequential basis. So really not much change in that regard. And our percentages with regard to the reserves against the outstanding balances have stayed relatively flat, doing a great job collecting. And there's really been no need to kind of change what we have been doing. So it's kind of steady as she goes.
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Daniel Briggs: Yes, I'd like to just make one comment for those on the phone. I think that one of the things you begin to see now is a steady, more consistent management group that's now been in place, which is helping to produce the results and the EBITDA margins. Also, the restructuring of the casino organization, which took place about 11 months ago, which is really driving the international marketing piece, as well as some other situations on the slot side.  And in general, I think we are very, very pleased and satisfied with the commitment that we've gotten from our people all over the company this year. And as the year is entering its last quarter, I want to just take this opportunity to publicly thank everybody for what they've done and for the contribution they're making.  And I think to just echo what Sheldon has said before, to be predictable and reliable requires not only the products that we've put on the marketplace and continue to put on the marketplace and the demands we're getting from other countries for our kind of products, but having the human resources to be able to do continue to deliver the kind of earnings per share increases that you see in this quarter.
Sheldon Gary Adelson: And this is Sheldon. I would like to publicly thank Mike Leven for joining us and for doing the fabulous job he is by bringing in other people and contributing to more efficient and profitable operations. And I want to thank Rob Goldstein for accepting the position of being the President of Global Gaming. And I think between Mike and Rob and all the people, and 30,000 employees below them, I want to thank everybody for bringing us to the point where we're the largest company in the history of Gaming in all categories, except number of units, which only validates our contention that we make more profitability in our dollar investment than our competitors can do. But we wish them well, as well as we do, because a rising tide carries all boats.  So Mike, Rob and Ken, everybody else, thank you very much for all your contribution. And we look forward to another, hopefully, expect a very good quarter coming up. Thank you, all.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Robert Goldstein - Executive Vice President and President of Global Gaming Operations Sheldon Adelson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Member of Nominating & Governance Committee, Chairman of Las Vegas Sands LLC, Chairman of Sands China Ltd and Chief Executive Officer of Las Vegas Sands LLC K. Kay - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Michael Leven - President, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, Director, Chairman of Advisory Committee, Acting Chief Executive Officer of Sands China Ltd, President of Las Vegas Sands LLC and Chief Operating Officer of Las Vegas Sands LLC Daniel Briggs - Investor Relations
Analysts: Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch Jon Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Ally, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Dan Briggs. Sir, you may begin your call.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you, Ally. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal Securities Laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted property EBITDA, which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Mr. Sheldon G. Adelson.
Sheldon Adelson: Thank you, Dan, and good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of our management team and our Board of Directors who are here with me today, I would like to thank you for joining us. In an effort to get to more of your questions, I'll provide a brief overview of our results from the quarter and then turn it over to Mike, who will provide some quick operational updates. We will then move to the Q&A part of the call. So let's get started. I want to begin by saying that across every part of our operations, I cannot be more proud of the team members and management teams who helped us achieve this historic quarter, and these results are truly historic. So let me spend just a minute reflecting on what the company achieved over this past quarter. First, the company record $2.35 billion in revenue, a 47% increase compared to $1.6 billion during the same quarter 1 year ago. Second, the company record and to the best of our knowledge, an industry record, $902 million in EBITDA. This is an increase of 90% over last year's $473 million of EBITDA. Finally, the company produced adjusted earnings per diluted share this quarter of $0.54. This is compared to last year's second quarter, which produced adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.17, and what I understand is also an estimate -- a consensus estimate of $0.43.  More broadly speaking, our growth curve has continued unabated. We have shown steady consistent growth, and in fact, these results represent the eighth quarter in a row that we have increased our EBITDA from one quarter to the next. As the only operator with a presence in the world's 2 most lucrative gaming markets, Macau and Singapore, we see absolutely no reason, no catalyst at hand which would change this upward trend.  Let me now give some commentary on our specific property operations. I'll start in Singapore, where Marina Bay Sands recorded a whopping $405 million in adjusted property EBITDA. While I believe the ramp-up process is still ongoing in Singapore, Marina Bay Sands generated net revenue of $738 million and an EBITDA margin -- are you listening? -- 55%. Just want to make sure you heard it.  Rolling Chip volume, the VIP business, was a record $12.2 billion. Non-Rolling Chip drop mass market was $1.1 billion, and slot handle reached $2.38 billion. Our combined mass win was nearly $4.2 million per day versus $3.7 million per day during the first quarter of 2011. So that's sequential. That's an increase of 14% quarter-over-quarter, which we think is pretty healthy as we used to like to say in Boston, how about them apples?  The property also saw its hotel Average Daily Rate increased to USD $295, while occupancy rose to 90.8%. Demand is quickly starting to outpace supply at Marina Bay Sands, and ADR and occupancy are continuing to rise. It's important to point out that the property's non-gaming amenities, like the hotel, are very valuable contributors to its overall profitability, especially with the profit margins they were able to deliver.  Now I'm being advised that I need to help manage all of your expectations as it relates to our business in Singapore, something I haven't been very good at in the past. So I'll leave you with one simple conservative statement, which is this. Now that we have entered our second year of operations, it is increasingly clear that Marina Bay Sands is becoming the most successful integrated resort in the history of the hospitality, gaming and entertainment industry. So with what I take as an expectations managing remark behind those, let's turn to our results in Macau. The Macau properties operated by our majority-owned subsidiary, Sands China Ltd., also enjoyed a very strong quarter. Total net revenue for Sands China was $1.2 billion. As you know, we place an emphasis on EBITDA and EBITDA margin, and we continue to widely lead the market in both categories. Macau property operations adjusted EBITDA was a record $392 million, an increase of 27.5% versus the same quarter last year, while adjusted property EBITDA margin was 33% again, a leading figure.  The Venetian Macao delivered record property EBITDA of $258 million with a 35% EBITDA margin. The Venetian Macao remains comfortably in its perch as Macau's leading mass market property, and as we expected, the opening of Galaxy Macau has served as an additional phoenix for The Venetian and our COTAI Strip.  Gaming volumes grew in each segment of the business during the quarter, with Non-Rolling Chip drop increasing to a record $1 billion. Slot handle jumped 22% compared to the same quarter a year ago, while Rolling Chip volume increased by 37% compared to last year. The Sands Macao, once again, displayed its mettle on the Macau Peninsula by delivering adjusted property EBITDA of $96 million, up 18% from the second quarter of 2010 and delivering a run rate that is approaching the record levels of profitability the Sands achieved prior to the opening of The Venetian Macao in August 2007.  Non-Rolling Chip drop was up 18% year-over-year, while Rolling Chip volume increased to $7.75 billion. Slot handle set an all-time record of $463 million. The Plaza Casino at the Four Seasons delivered $38 million in adjusted property EBITDA, up from $33 million a year ago. The Plaza Casino is primarily designed to cater to the VIP part of the market, and in a moment, Mike will give you an update on our current initiatives designed to enhance our rolling business there.  Before turning to our U.S. operations, I want to highlight one more thing in Macau, which is the performance of our retail business. Retail sales at The Venetians Grand Canal Shoppes were up 50% year-over-year, while sales at the shops at the Four Seasons soared by 70% compared to last year. We're now collecting more in percentage rents than we ever have at this point in the calendar year. We have always been the most fervent believers in Macau's ability to succeed and flourish as a retail destination, and clearly, that faith is now being rewarded. Moving on to the U.S. Our Las Vegas properties reported adjusted property EBITDA of $93 million, an increase of 41% versus the same quarter a year ago. Stronger cash hotel revenues from convention, group meeting and FIT customers reflect the improving Las Vegas environment. Sands Bethlehem in Pennsylvania recorded adjusted property EBITDA of $21 million. The hotel at Sands Bethlehem celebrated a successful opening during the quarter, and along with the forthcoming retail mall and event center, we believe Sands Bethlehem is well positioned for additional growth.  So with that overview of our quarterly results, let me now turn the call over to Mike to cover our operational updates. Mike?
Michael Leven: Thanks, Sheldon, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me start with an update on Lots 5 and 6 in Macau. We have finalized franchising agreements now with 2 very prominent international hotel brands for Lot 5 and are now working with those companies to coordinating an announcement of those brands, which we expect will come very soon.  The opening of Lot 5 is still on target for the end of quarter one next year, about 8 months from today and will feature a 600-room, 5-star hotel rooms and suites, along with a 1,200-room 4-star hotel rooms and suites. The property will also open with a variety of retail offerings, more than 300,000 square feet of meeting space, 11 food and beverage establishments along with 106,000 square foot casino and VIP gaming areas.  The opening of what we are calling Lot 6A, which will feature nearly 2,000 Sheraton-branded rooms, is on track for the third quarter of 2012. Along with its casino, the opening of Lot 6A will include most of the 13.7 million square foot complexes remaining dining, entertainment, retail and meeting facilities. Thereafter, opening in early '13, Lot 6B will feature an additional 2,000 rooms and suites under the Sheraton Towers brand.  In our view, the opening of Lots 5 and 6 is a watershed moment for Macau as it takes its place amongst the leading business and leisure destinations in Asia. The addition of 6,000 plus rooms from 3 world-renowned international hotel brands, each armed with powerful global distribution systems, will be a potent catalyst to growing our non-gaming business in Macau and in particular, our MICE business. They will be the only properties to open for the foreseeable future.  As Sheldon alluded to earlier, let me now provide an update on the initiatives we're implementing to grow and enhance our VIP business in Macau and more details on that from Rob Goldstein later.  Last quarter, we talked about building better relationships, hiring additional marketing talent and improving service standards as some of the software we were using to enhance the growth of our VIP business. Together with those ongoing efforts, we have now approved and are embarking on a $125 million capital expenditure campaign, which will help us complete the hardware part of the process. These capital investments will be used for a variety of projects, several of which will be completed ahead of Chinese New Year in 2012. We believe these investments are vital to the long-term strategic positioning of our VIP business in Macau. Let me close my remarks with a couple of significant personal announcements. First, we are happy to announce that we have appointed George Tanasijevich as President and Chief Executive Officer of Marina Bay Sands. George joined the company in 2004, working for us first in Macau and was our very first Singapore employee. In addition, Benny Zin, who has served in a couple of roles since joining Marina Bay Sands, has been named the property's Chief Operating Officer.  In Macau, the SCL Board of Directors will approve later this evening the promotion of Ed Tracy to the position of Chief Executive Officer. Ed, who is currently serving as President and COO of Sands China Ltd., has just completed a very successful first year in Macau. The combination of George, Benny and Ed, along with John Caparella in Las Vegas and Bob DeSalvio in Pennsylvania, gives us a team of experienced and dedicated leaders at each of our properties. We are extremely confident that this team will provide stability and deliver growth across all of our portfolio.  So that concludes my brief remarks. At this time, Rob Goldstein, Ken Kay, Sheldon and myself will be happy to address any of your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Mark Strawn.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley: Two questions. First on Singapore. I know you guys want to keep expectations under control. But maybe generally speaking, as we transition into the summer period, there is maybe a thesis out there before that the summer could be the seasonally strongest period. Do you still think that's going to be the case as you look forward?
Sheldon Adelson: I got to tell you, if July is any indication, it seems to be.
Michael Leven: Is that the question, Mark? Is the summer...
Sheldon Adelson: Summer is likely to be the best quarter of the year, but it's difficult to say. Last year, we were still ramping from the opening. We continue to ramp, and I think we'll continue to ramp for many, many months, if not years, to come. And in this quarter, we're just finishing July. We have 26 days to speak about, but we're not going to speak about it. But if July is any indication, then it would indicate that summer would be the peak season. But then again, I read in an analyst report yesterday that December is supposed -- that last quarter is supposed to be the best season. I think it's too early to tell which is the best and which is the second best quarter.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley: Is there anything on the event calendar or holiday calendar in the summer that would cause any seasonal shifts at this point? Or it should be a pretty standard quarter with maybe some better seasonality?
Michael Leven: I don't see any of that at this point. There are some Singapore holidays that go on and what have you, but I think that's everywhere. Once again, I think as Sheldon said, the -- I think we said this last quarter too. Understanding the seasonality of Singapore is going to take a while. I think it's going to take us another -- probably through another 6 or 8 months before we really get to understand what that seasonality is. Right now and for the past quarter, as I said before, the segments that are working in the property are all working. Tour operators, convention business, banquet business, food business, transit and FIT business and gaming business are all working together very, very well. And it's really, from a past experience, frankly, I've never seen a property of this size and magnitude ramp as quickly from the day it was opened. And we still have a couple of more big events coming with Louis Vuitton opening in September and 2 more nightclubs and about another 30 or 40 retail stores. So we're not 100% open even yet, and we don't have the Subway coming as well, which comes in January or February of '12. So it's hard to say what that seasonality process is at this point.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley: That's very helpful. And just one follow-up if I may on Macau, and maybe this question is for Rob. I know you've highlighted in the past some of the key and maybe investments in getting in the right junket relationships in place in Macau to really drive that VIP business. Do you have any general update on how that process is going and maybe just a general sense of timing on some of those?
Robert Goldstein: Mark, as we said before, it's an ongoing process. I mean, it's both -- it's a capital spend to improve physical product. It's relationship-driven. It's also additional conversion for more capacity of VIP. I think if you break out our results, our Venetian numbers bode pretty well for the future, and in the VIP segment, we're leading the market. We're struggling more in the Sands, and obviously, there's a lot of work [indiscernible]. So we're disappointed we didn't do better before season, and we will. But it's a 3-part process. It's conversion of the space physically to be more competitive. It's better service and for certain, it's enabling us to work with a better junket teams over there in Macau. And having spent a week there, I think we're making great progress. It's not coming as quickly as I wish it would come except for Venetian, but we're getting there. And I think you'll see it -- it takes a while to figure out Singapore, and obviously, we're seeing some results there. And I think you will find in the future that our efforts in Macau in the junket segment will improve materially.
Operator: Your next question comes from Janet Brashear.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: As we're talking about Macau, I wonder if you could describe the mood in Macau as you think about the Chinese political transition in 2012 and whether or not there's a thought that there's any particular impact that that'll have on Macau.
Sheldon Adelson: Nothing. I mean, those people -- I think Xi Jinping is going to be -- he's been to Macau recently. And I think the relationship between Xi Jinping, he used to be the head of the Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan affairs office. He's quite familiar with Macau. I think if anything, hopefully, he's more disposed -- favorably disposed toward Macau. But since Macau is responsible for its executive and administrative decisions, under their basic law agreement forged many years ago, I think that -- we don't expect any unusual events, any extraordinary events. But now that you asked the question, I think that Xi Jinping maybe a little bit more favorably disposed towards Macau because of his experience with it.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: But as you think about the local political environment, as you said, within Macau, we've heard from some other concessionaires that they're getting guidance to add integrated resort elements to their COTAI plans from the government. Are you getting any input as well, or are they not giving it to you because you're so far along in your development at this point?
Sheldon Adelson: Well, we're the guys who brought up the subject with the government. I've been saying that ever since we opened the Sands in 2004, that anybody that opens any property should be required to have a matrix of both gaming and non-gaming activities and that to start off with, that the gaming portion of the total construction square footage should not be more than 10%. And if they cut back on certain percentages of, let's say, exhibition or convention space or shopping or hotel rooms, they have to cut back on the casino space. So we're all in favor of that. And as we said, as my vision originally called for, the more critical mass we have in COTAI the better. Galaxy has helped and supported our -- look, City of Dreams helped and supported COTAI as the place to go. And all you analysts were talking about, now that Galaxy has opened, it validated the COTAI and the desire of everybody else, SJM, MPEL, Wynn, SJM, all the others are anxious to open in COTAI. Now I want to remind you that when I came up with the vision, it was a swamp and a bay. Nobody wanted the land. Now everybody wants the land. So it just validates -- I'm very happy. I remember saying many years ago that I would even welcome Steve Wynn on COTAI to create some critical mass. But now that I have had dinner with Steve Wynn, I'd even welcome him more. So getting critical mass out in COTAI is an important thing, and I see it happening.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: A few quick questions here. On Singapore, the volumetrics across the board were much better than we had forecasted and probably with the most upside relative to our estimate on the Rolling Chip volume. Can you comment there why you think you grew Rolling Chip volume? Is it more effective guys in the field? Is it gaining market share? Is it something you're doing at the property? Is it something with your competitor creating a different set of competitive pressures? If you could help us understand that, that would be helpful, and then I'll follow up with a couple more.
Robert Goldstein: Obviously, Joe, it's a lot of things. It's not one variable, it's many. Obviously, the product itself is iconic and very helpful in terms of positioning. People want to come to MBS. It's a product that people know, not just in the Rim, but worldwide. Two, I think it's just a very desirable -- Singapore is a wonderful place to visit, and the mainland Chinese and other people in the Rim, the Japanese, are very comfortable in that environment. It's a very special environment: easy access, culturally comfortable. And I think that you're seeing more and more of that. I'd also point out I think it actually works very well on the Macau operation. David Sisk and Ed Tracy are having a discussion about Macau. We think it's not even, in fact, a negative, maybe positive. But we're finding customers we've never seen before, large customers, different customer seeks out the Singapore experience. I think it just gets better as the mainlanders get more comfortable and the Japanese and Thailand. It's a very diverse mix, and it's plentiful and it's very elite. And as our product improves, we'd be building more suites on the 55th floor in Tower 3. I think you'll just simply see it get better over time. I can't speak to RWS, and I haven't been in contact with them recently. But I suspect Singapore is a market that's starting to mature and getting stronger every day. And I think there's no reason to think it can't continue to grow and improve. It's a different experience in Macau. It's a very, very special experience. I will take my hat off to our team in the field. I think our team, led by Larry Chiu, has been exemplary. We have a really strong presence in every major Asian capital, and I think those guys in the property and the field have done a spectacular job and the results speak for themselves. And I think we're just at the beginning of that process. We're not mature yet at all.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Maybe put another way, Rob. On the VIP side in Singapore, is it driven by an increased number of VIP patrons? Or is it new or repeat or is it just meant for VIP trip?
Robert Goldstein: Well, it's both. I think it's increased VIP...
Sheldon Adelson: It's one from each call.
Robert Goldstein: Sheldon [indiscernible] one from all the calls, like a Chinese restaurant. But the truth of the matter is...
Sheldon Adelson: One from each call.
Robert Goldstein: Each call. The truth is it's all of the above. We're seeing very, very high-end customers. We're seeing diverse representation of the geographic perspective. We're seeing repeat because people like the product. And also, we're seeing it being the kind of place that we -- talks to Indonesia as well as Malaysia, Japan, and mainland has definitely discovered -- the mainland Chinese have definitely found comfort in there. So it's all of the above. The kind of numbers we're experiencing in the growth, 20-plus percent, it doesn't come from one piece. It comes from many different variables, and all of the above very honestly. We're maturing as a team. We're maturing as a property, and Singapore is just a great place to visit. So it's a wonderful situation right now for us.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Great, and...
Michael Leven: I think, Joe, excuse me 1 sec. I think we should also add, Joe, because I anticipated the question that Rob and the guys -- we have not changed the structure financially. We have not changed the credit financially. We're doing the same things from an organization standpoint. I think Rob is being a little modest here. My own view of it is that he has put together a phenomenal team of people, and these people are now just starting to really, really go. And I think that's really why we're seeing the big difference. So obviously, the hotel was there before, and now that team is maturing and the expectation of their performance, not only there, but wherever else we go in Asia. We're going to have a base to be able to grow from there.
Sheldon Adelson: Goldstein, modest? Never happened.
Robert Goldstein: Very modest.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then switching over to Macau if I may. Of the Rolling Chip volume, what was the mix between direct and junket?
Robert Goldstein: Mix hasn't changed a lot. We're still running -- the great majority, obviously, is up 4 to 1 in favor of junket. But our goal is to not be out of direct business, but not softer in the junket side as a result of favoring the VIP. In the past, we were premium-focused. We want very badly to encourage strong relations with the major junket people in Macau. We're trying to emphasize, if a customer wants to come direct, they can. I think David and ED have figured out that we want to service both ends of the spectrum. We don't want to lose our junket perspective. That's still going to be the driver. Sheldon's referenced the importance of junkets in Macau. We're really just beginning there. Once we figure out our service objectives and we really get our relations right, and obviously, fix our house physically especially in the other 2 properties, not The Venetian as much, I think you will see a lot better improved performance. But we're still -- we offer the Premium Direct option, but we stress the junket side. We want very much to build our junket relationships.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Great. And then a question for Ken on the Singapore refinancing, if you can give us a timing update?
K. Kay: Singapore, or are you talking Macau?
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Singapore.
K. Kay: Singapore, yes, we haven't started that process yet. We're getting to the tail end of the kind of refinancing in Macau. And once we've put the finishing touches on that, it will be down talking to the lenders with regard to the opportunities in Singapore. So probably, those conversations will take place in the next month, 1.5 months.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jon Oh.
Jon Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I'll start with a question on Macau. Can you give us a quick update on, especially The Venetian across the board, on mass market like your Rolling Chip as well as the direct VIP, especially since the opening of Galaxy Macau? Have you seen any significant change in foot traffic and also in the profile of the VIP players that are coming, the frequency of visits? Any color would be helpful.
Robert Goldstein: We're very supportive of the Galaxy effort. I was there last week, and I think it's definitely helping the -- helping to make COTAI a good option for the customer. There's no question that they're bringing value to the market. Have we seen significant improvement? No. I think we've seen -- also, in our cause, it's a positive for us. Room service guys continue to grow and do better because obviously, it's always good in any market if your competitors do well. And I think we're seeing it's helping -- it's material -- it's not material to the VIP nor the mass. What's material is our guys are doing a better job of marketing the building, taking advantage of our access to borders. I think our mass market approach gets stronger by the day. Our border reception is stronger by the day. Our ferry business is stronger by the day. We're going to help build our house, and Galaxy is a positive. But it's certainly not material at this point to our core business in VIP nor mass.
Jon Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: So is it fair to say that so for now, the observation, it's a positive, it's not a negative?
Robert Goldstein: No, it's not negative, and that's for sure. It's not negative. It's positive. It's a question of how positive it can get. And I think, again, as more players come to the COTAI piece, Macau is better. We're the biggest player there. We make the best effort to be there, and Sheldon got up their way in advance. And so I was hoping to 5 and 6, we owned so real estate, we welcome and want to see more growth in COTAI clearly. Has it been material at this point? No. It hasn't driven our business in any segment.
Jon Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Okay. And a follow-up on Singapore, great quarter and it's encouraging to see that your Rolling Chip volumes are up almost, I think by my count, 50% since fourth quarter last year. Could you maybe just share with us on what are your thought process with respect to junkets being approved in Singapore? How far is the government into that approval process? And any guidance on time line as well as any color on that would be very useful.
Robert Goldstein: First of all, we will know the junket issue -- the junket issue is a government issue, and we don't know -- we can't speak to the government's intentions. We simply wait their advice and counsel. And when it happens, it happens. We have yet -- we've got a number of junkets for review by Mike and Sheldon that we're considering. We have not submitted 1 application yet. So just sit here and opine as to what the government will do timing wise or eventual result would be following.
Sheldon Adelson: I'd like to make a comment that I may have spoken otherwise in the early going a year ago. As I understood it in the past, they said -- the government said that if a junket rep was approved for 1 property, it would have to reapply to do business with the second property. But maybe I misunderstood that or they made themselves misunderstood. The way it is today is that if they approve for RWS, all we have to do is make a request without resubmitting all the information and getting second approval. So essentially, whoever submits for 1 property will -- the junket rep will be able to work essentially for both properties. And there's still -- I don't know. The scuttlebutt is that they should have some answers by the end of the year. The scuttlebutt also is that a lot of the Macau junket reps have not yet submitted apps. And who knows? It's up to the government. We don't know, and we'll see what happens. But in the meantime, we're doing very well, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Felicia Hendrix.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Rob, I was just wondering, you mentioned -- well, actually, Mike, you mentioned. But Rob, I was wondering if you could touch on this, the $125 million capital campaign in Macau. If I heard correctly, that's going to be finished by Chinese New Year 2012?
Robert Goldstein: Some will. Our goal is to finish by Tuesday, but it's a little difficult. I mean, we have a lot of work to do, Felicia, in our houses and it touches, as Mike referenced, all 3 stores: Plaza, Venetian and Sands. It will come intermittently. Probably, the first piece will come at the end of this year. Piece of it will come during first quarter, and some will not happen till second quarter. It's an issue of design approval out of Las Vegas, getting appropriate contractors and labor. And the team there, Ed and Dave, are comfortable that design fits our operational needs. But it's a one -- just like our approach in Singapore, it took a while to get there. It will take a while to get there in Macau. We still think we're a year away from having maximum capacity and the right spaces. And unfortunately, the process is -- it's probably going to 12 months. We'll get pieces of it at the end of this year.
Sheldon Adelson: We ought to give an advance warning to Ken Kay that for the $125 million, we'll have to tap our petty cash account.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Your petty cash, Sheldon, or is that...
Sheldon Adelson: Either the company's or mine. I've shown my willingness to use my petty cash account in the past, and now they want to take the interest rate back from me.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And then Rob, just on that same subject, you were saying that The Venetian you're not as far along. It's just more work to do with the junkets. I'm just wondering, as you talk to them, what are their sticking points? And I know this all takes a long time, but I'm just wondering how long you think it might take to return to low teens market share in the VIP side?
Robert Goldstein: Right. Well, we're very convinced it will happen. I mean, we said in day one, it's a 1 -- it's 18 months -- well, 12 months to 18 months process. I think it's 3 things that we think have to happen. One is the relationships. So I think David and our team over there are really focused on, and I think we're there on the relationship side. We've got the 4 or 5 junkets we want have now committed to us verbally. And some are moving -- you'll see move this quarter into a space. Two, it's a physical buildup to make the space, both pleasurably and then also operationally. The service levels, we can have much better at. And honestly, it's not a deal-driven relationship as much as it is relationship-driven. I think that's why our team has really done a great job of putting it together. But I don't think you'll see the full benefit of the thing until first quarter of '12 and then beyond that. But I really feel very confident we're going to get there, and I think we feel it every day and our team in Macau gets it. We feel a shortcomings especially at the non-Venetian properties. But in Venetian, we're very pleased that our share this quarter were starting to have sense. So we're participating in the growth in Macau in that segment. We're already, I think, a dominant players in the mass. But clearly, we've got growth. And I also referenced that, that growth spills over to our focus on high-end slots. The Wynn guy has done a tremendous job on the high-end slots. We want to grow our -- we're very strong in the mass, but we think there's a lot of opportunity on the high-end slots. [indiscernible] and the same process, which is hiring the right people to source at those people, the right people to service those people, and the right physical spaces. And all that's part of that capital we spoke about. It's not significant relative to the upside of this company. We feel we can do better in Macau, and we will do better.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: That's really helpful. And if we could just move to Las Vegas. I mean, clearly, your marketing strategy proved successful this quarter, but you also benefited from the strong convention calendar for you. So I'm just wondering how you're thinking about your cash comp mix in the third and fourth quarter. And then also, I'm sure you know that Steve Wynn mentioned strong demand at his property in July in Vegas, and I'm wondering if you're seeing that as well.
Michael Leven: Let me answer the first question. What we've done in the cash comp situation is adjust over the year. What you will see in this quarter and in the next number of quarters are going to be based upon how the management adjust the cash in the comps. We've been successful particularly at moving at the way we want to. There are some opportunities, we believe, we are seeing that we'll take advantage of. Our forecast is pretty good on that matter, both in cash and comps, the way we're managing it now for the rest of the year looking at it. We've got a good convention calendar the rest of the year. So that allows us to manage those cash and comps a little better. So I think there's still some upside for us in that area. The Venetian, I should also mention when you're talking about capital in Macau, we're also investing a significant amount of capital in the Venetian here, and we're doing a lot of work in our room facilities as well as our casino situation. And by mid-time next year, we're going to have a lot of new stuff in this building. And we're one of the very few in the Vegas market that has the capital capability to change the outcome. And so we're going to be doing that. We've got some catch up to do, and it's being allocated.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Has your room demand been strong in July?
Michael Leven: I think generally, the Vegas market in July in total has been pretty good. I'm hearing from the other competitors that it's been pretty good, and I think our performance in July will be about what the expectation levels is for what people are saying about Las Vegas.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just finally, in Singapore, I'm just wondering where you are with your ETG capacity? The electronic table games?
Sheldon Adelson: Yes, we know what ETG is...
Robert Goldstein: [indiscernible] There's no room left to grow there. As of this week, we've got the last piece on the floor. We're fully allocated now based from government approvals. So we're there totally and...
Sheldon Adelson: We've got room for another 175 units. Are these are going to be ETGs or slots?
Robert Goldstein: It'll be slot [indiscernible].
K. Kay: So today, Felicia, at this date we're there, but we weren't there at June 30 at the end of this quarter.
Sheldon Adelson: The ETG numbers, we're running at about $650, $675 per seat per day. And on the weekend, we're getting to $1,000, $1,100 a day on the ETGs. This is an amazing ETG market. It's really, really incredible.
Robert Goldstein: You saw the growth...
Sheldon Adelson: I wish we had the slot per total percentage, but we can't -- we've got to give the same percentage. Truly an electronic way of betting. Each seat doesn't compute its own game. There's one game to control all the -- whatever number of seats for that, 75 or 150.
Robert Goldstein: We grew our win by sequential Q-on-Q by 18%, and we look forward to keeping it going in that direction. As Sheldon referenced, ETG market there is one of a kind and much stronger any place else in the world. And it appears to have no slowdown. So very encouraging ETG numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shaun Kelley.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess my first question was on Singapore. I just wanted to ask, you talked a lot about the VIP side. But Rob, could you just give us your sense on -- you've continued to indicate that the mass market has kind of continued to ramp. Those numbers kind of beat our estimates, too. So could you give us a sense just how that trended across the quarter and whether it's kind of ramping each successive month there just kind of as you've watched the business continue to grow?
Robert Goldstein: Yes, it just keeps ramping. It's very consistent. There's not 1 month trend out. It's just growing. You saw the mass table -- to me, the story in Singapore, which has always been extraordinary, is the mass table and slot wins. I mean, with Q-on-Q 15%, 16% sequential growth, I don't know how to portray the future because every day is different. But the growth is steady April, May, June. It appears to keep going that direction. We've days winning $2-plus million on a weekend, and the whole percent that we normalize in the mid-22%, 23% range, we've got a [ph] history out to see that. So look, it's a wonderful story, and I don't know where it ends or how much it keeps going. But we have a very consistent upward trend April, May, June, with no surprises at the end or the beginning. And it's very gratifying. I think that the team there has really done an excellent job of moving the floor, looking at every square inch of real estate to maximize the opportunity. And of course, the margins, which Sheldon referenced last year, we thought he was aggressive. But it turns out they're very attainable, and we're 67%, 68% on a blended rate and no reason why it shouldn't continue. So it's all very positive coming out of ETG slot mass table.
Sheldon Adelson: We went up 16% from 3.7% or 4.3% win per day in the mass market, which is the mass tables and the slots with ETGs. That's a 64% annual rate. That's one hell of a ramp after being open for a year.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: That's helpful. And I guess just to follow up, I mean, on the expense side, the numbers were up again a little bit sequentially. But this time, obviously, revenues were up significantly more. Are we at the right level or kind of on a per day expense rate now? Is this kind of about the right run rate for the property, exclusive of maybe a little bit on the retail side left open just as we think about kind of modeling going forward?
Michael Leven: I think the answer is yes, and some of those expenses go up if you look at -- dependent upon some of the VIP rolling. As that goes up, you get some more expenses. But at the end of the day, from the rest of the building on an undistributed expense basis, we're pretty much where we're going to be. We don't see any real radical change in that. So I think from a modeling standpoint, you can model where we are. By the way, we're always looking for opportunities to do better there and continue to look at it. But I think from a stability standpoint, after 1 year, we pretty much know what it's going to cost and how many FTEs we need to run that building.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: And my last question is on 5 and 6. That's kind of a next big event catalyst for you guys. Could you just give us your thoughts on how many tables you'll kind of right now you're planning on opening with, just kind of what's the target for the first part of the casino and then how many tables will be in the second batch, which I think, if I caught your comments right in the prepared remarks, would be with Lot 6A?
Sheldon Adelson: I think we've got about 200 tables in each of the 2 casinos, plus the 150 or so, 140, 150 in the Plaza..
Michael Leven: I think it's 110, 120 in Plaza.
Sheldon Adelson: Yes.
Michael Leven: It's around -- between all of them, it's about 400 to 500 tables between the casinos [indiscernible]. And then the other thing is though, the electronic table games are ramping up very well in Macau now and that's going to effect the amount of space we use in the casinos. So we're not quite sure exactly what that count will be, but I think you can estimate comfortably 200 in each and then about 120, 130 in the Plaza for now.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: That's helpful, Mike. And just to clarify, the ETGs count as slot positions in Macau?
Michael Leven: In count, I think it's...
Sheldon Adelson: It's one limitation on tables.
Michael Leven: Yes. I think it's one table for every 50 seats that they count them.
Robert Goldstein: One -- it doesn't matter because...
Sheldon Adelson: It doesn't matter. [indiscernible]
Robert Goldstein: Shaun, it doesn't really matter...
Sheldon Adelson: [indiscernible] slot machines.
K. Kay: Yes, one slot machine for every 50 seats.
Michael Leven: Right. [indiscernible]
Sheldon Adelson: One table game. They're estimating that 50 seats would be the equivalent of one table game, but there was no limitations on ETGs or slots.
Robert Goldstein: As long as you classify the slots, you're very comfortable.
Michael Leven: We'll get to that. We'll have more detail on that for you at the quarter when we get real close to the opening, and we'll know exactly what we're going to be doing. But that's in a state of flux at the moment, but that's approximately what's built there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Harry Curtis.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: First of all, Sheldon, we have to thank Dan Briggs for controlling our expectations for Mandalay Bay.
Sheldon Adelson: For Mandalay Bay?
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: I'm sorry, for Marina Bay Sands. That shows you how old I am. Okay. Well, let's start with sites 5 and 6. Rob, are you learning anything from your move back into the VIP side or the junket side in terms of physical plant when it comes to 5 and 6? Have you done any redesign there?
Robert Goldstein: Yes.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: How are you promoting that or building that out so that you can compete with those that have really significant share in that segment?
Robert Goldstein: It's pretty simple. It's a learning process every day, and there's no secrets out there. The Wynn numbers are extraordinary in that key segment, and we look at their design as well as the Galaxy people and we're trying to incorporate the best things from that, the best things available from those respective houses as well as our own experience in Venetians. But in the end, Harry, it's access, it's service. It's not that big a surprise. It's the same things. They remain consistent, whether it's Las Vegas or it's Macau or it's Singapore. It's access, it's desirable environment, it's service, it's relationships. It's not pricing. It's more about those elements. And as we referenced earlier, we have a long way to go, but I think you're going to see some very, very promising results from us in the future quarters vis-a-vis junket segment in Macau, including 5 and 6. So yes, we're learning every day. We're doing this for a long time, but you learn everyday from smart people and you learn to incorporate something and 5 and 6 will reflect some of that. I also think we've got some great opportunity going in the Plaza. So if you go back, and that's a great building. It's under capacity as far as the VIP segment. So I think we can expect some pleasant surprises in the future in the Macau in the VIP from LVS.
Sheldon Adelson: Harry, I just want to point out that it wasn't the absence of the completed room or one nicer room or one ultra nice room. It was that last year with what Jacobs said. He hurt the relationship with the junket reps, and we're getting that back now. So now people are willing to come back, and we're getting new ones and they want more substantial presence. A reminder that we will run it very close on the gross income, a couple of years ago next to SJM, running in the mid to high 20s as a percentage of market share, even though we don't think it's that important, which reflects that we had a lot of the VIP market. And we're the leading -- if people looked at learners' unusual metric of who is leading in the mass market, how many people were coming, we edged out SJM, the 2 Lisboa, the Grand Lisboa and the Lisboa properties on visitation. So we're #1 in visitation now according to that. And so we're getting back the relationship with the junket reps and new relationships. So we're screening those out, and we'll have them back. And I think people -- I don't know anybody that's put any estimates in for Lots 5 and 6 and I don't know why, maybe because it's taken so long to finalize. But we think 5 and 6 is going to be the only property open within the next 3 or 5 years. And it'll be open in part over 2 periods.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Rob, where are you in changing the physical plant on the Plaza?
Robert Goldstein: It's capacity, Harry. We're looking at the capacity opportunity. And look, it's a great building. The Paiza mansions are great. The Four Seasons itself is a terrific hotel. It's world-class spa and shopping. Retail is doing very, very well there. Now it's not plus-plus, but we have under capacity at 42 junket tables. What David and Ed are focusing on growing the capacity on Levels 2 and 3. And we're looking at another additional opportunities within that space to convert. We think we'll do a lot better in terms of adding. I'd love to see the Plaza to get to over 100 tables. It's easier with that potential if we fix our junket relationships. Sheldon referenced that a second ago, but it also takes capacity growth on the gaming tables themselves and that's where we see the biggest single opportunity for us there. We have sufficient capacity. We have room to make it larger. We have to take advantage of that room. And the same thing we want to get more tables into the Venetian. So it's also very honestly is getting the right junket guys in this space versus nonperformers. In the end, it's just looking at your building and looking who's underperforming if the junket can deliver twice to 3x, then want to have that junket versus one that's delivering 1/3 of that. So it's about the right people and the right spaces.
Harry Curtis - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: And then the last question relates to the promotional environment. When you compare the promotional environment before Galaxy opened to what it's been, say, in the last month or 2, has it changed much?
Robert Goldstein: Right. I think there's more heat up competitions in Macau in general, and that's part of the caution on the mass side. I mean, it's easy to drive the top line. The question is how you drive the top line and maintain your margins and EBITDA. And I think you are seeing a lot of people worship the revenue numbers especially across the board in Macau. The single worship seems to be on top line. But in the end of the day, you got to make money too. And I think there has been some pressures on some of the operators because, partly, there's a huge growth market and very tempting at every segment: mass, slot table, junket overspend. I think you have to remain disciplined, and that's how you make money and not simply drive the top line. There is more promotional pressure, but I think our team has done a very good job of monitoring it and maintaining margins as you see by the EBITDA coming out of Macau.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Farley.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: I had a question on sites 5 and 6, and you gave a time line from Q1 2012 to early 2013 with the stage openings. I'm just wondering, do you have the number of workers you need on-site today to hit those time frames? Or do those time frames still require additional workers?
Michael Leven: We have the workers now to make those time frames.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. Great. And then on Singapore, and I know you're trying to manage everyone's expectations. But on the volume in VIP there, can you comment on how sustainable? In other words, do you think that this is above-average quarter? I know you said you think Q3 may be the best for the year. But is this quarter sustainable with upside likely, or was this kind of an above-average quarter in terms of what you expect for volume for VIP specifically?
Robert Goldstein: There have been various things that have doubled, but I'll agree with that. Robin, the truth is it's a learning curve and [indiscernible]. Yes, I think we've demonstrated slow and steady wins the race. I think our -- I said it before, I'll say it again. The property is extraordinary and so is Singapore as a destination. If we keep doing our job, I don't see a reason why we can't maintain and do better VIP. The team in the field is very, very good. The business is there. Singapore is a wonderful destination. Can I answer if the third quarter is better than the second quarter? I cannot. I would not know. But I believe in my -- I've always believed in Singapore from the day we opened it, and I believe it's going to continue to perform very well. Whether VIP's third quarter is better than second quarter? I just don't know. But I have a lot of confidence in the team, the building and the location. Singapore is just a terrific place to operate, and people want to come there. So if the Pacific Rim keeps knocking out these ridiculous wealth creations and assuming they want to gamble, I think we'll do okay.
Sheldon Adelson: We know, but we can't say. But what I want to say is that when you think about the possibility, Singapore's only been opened for a little more than a year, both properties. And to think that we've saturated the entire market of like 3 billion people within the market radius is not credible thought. There's no way that we've saturated the market, just no way. And the more that people get to learn by word of mouth that Singapore is the place to go, we don't have to tell them Singapore's the place to go, but it's now the place to go to gamble. It's the place to go for tourism. It's the place to go for conventions. And Singapore is now no longer known as a stuffy, conservative place. Nobody's making jokes about chewing gum. But everybody's talking about what great restaurants there are, what a good time you can have when you go to Singapore, what a great destination it is for both FIT and convention. And I don't see -- there's nobody who can convince me that we've even touched the area of saturation of the market. I think Singapore is going to continue to grow and grow and grow. By the way, Robin, did you hear the 55% number?
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: I heard. I noticed that, yes.
Operator: And your final question comes from Bill Lerner.
William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities: Two related questions, both VIP. Let me ask Rob if I can. In Singapore, Rob, how bridled, I guess, is probably since we're all -- everybody's so bulled up, rightly so, how bridled do you think Rolling Chip really is? You've talked about limits, taking them up and I suspect the more the greater tolerance for risk you have, the greater demand you could see at VIP. So that's really sort of a structural question and the other is the more macro about Macau.
Robert Goldstein: I think Sheldon said it very well. I just think though as long as the markets in Asia continues to create wealth and people want to travel, I think the growth in VIP is not -- it just continues to be very, very strong. We've raised our -- I think when we talk about this, we believe -- I believe very strongly in Andrew [ph] and David and our team believes -- had advised Mike and Sheldon that we think higher bailing is a positive approach to take. We've seen enormous action, and the swings in Singapore are dramatic, but their volumes are equally dramatic. I don't know whether to accept what you said previously. Demand is there for Singapore. We're privileged in that we operate in 2 unique places. Macau definitely service a different clientele. I think the difference is we're seeing a customer who wants come to Singapore, he can get to Singapore, he can move capital to Singapore and he doesn't need actually junket intervention. What we're seeing is growth in that market without junket intervention in terms of credit, et cetera. But I don't know. I see no reason why we can't grow our business in the VIP segment in Singapore for sure. I think we're just in the beginning. We're not -- hopefully, this is not the -- this isn't just the beginning, not the top. I'm not sure is it Macau what you're asking, Bill.
William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities: No. I didn't ask Macau yet. The Macau question really is, do I guess with the passage of time now, Rob, and your full focus in gaming globally, what's your sense on what's really going on at the VIP demand level there, right? So we've been through reserve requirement tightening that have not had a noticeable, if any, impact on credit issuance or just overall demand. There've been other structural changes and macro factors that, I guess, any naysayer would have been wrong about with respect to impact. So is there just something we don't understand? I mean, the mass market, it seems like it's unbelievably nascent for a lot of reasons. But junket, either side sort of would love your view on that.
Robert Goldstein: Well, first of all, I think it's important we clear that. We're just coming made a bet to deal in COTAI. That was a magnificent bet. The capacity we have to grow our junket as well as our mass business is just unparalleled. I mean, not only there. Everyone is itching to go in COTAI, but we're there. We want to be there in a big way in a few short months. So I see my job, and it seems a work in Singapore and Macau, is maximization of the real estate. We made the right macro bet, how we make the thing work and improve our businesses. And I think clearly, our mass business has been exceptionally strong and will get better as our properties get better. I think the offerings are terrific. The VIPs are very different business. Having been there a couple of days ago and almost trampled to death coming off the ferry with families and all kinds of people. I've seen Macau. Macau started [ph] 30 years ago. It's a slightly different Macau today. But the VIP is a very different segment. And if you read the publications and you listen to naysayers, there's trouble with the real estate "bubble" et cetera. Having walked to it last week and having spent a lot of time listening, you don't see evidence of those. You see evidence of a very frothy, a very healthy market. A lot of people with a lot of money and a lot of desire to gamble. If there's a problem -- I shouldn't feel [ph] last week. I went all through Macau on the COTAI as well as the Peninsula side, and boy, it was sure frothy at the VIP. I went through all the major houses, and it was very, very impressive. I don't see it. I'm not an economist. I can't predict what's going to happen with real estate in Shanghai or Beijing. That's not my area of expertise. But I can tell you that I'm not seeing any weakness on the part of junket people. I'm not seeing a weakness in the part of the customers. I think our job is to get our fair share of it, and we've yet to do that. And I think Sheldon referenced it very well our past difficulties. But the future is ours. It's growing. It's sunny and as long as our team stays committed and focused. I'm not aware of the Chinese economy or the capital. That's beyond our control. Within our control, we build this basis, and we simply cater to the customer and make sure relationships are right and we'll be rewarded for it. That's my take.
Sheldon Adelson: Well, we got to adjust that budget because we have to send out our towels. We're afraid of our towels that we sent out to people who get egg on their face because they run projections. We got to send them out to almost every analyst in the street. Ken, can we fit that in the budget?
Robert Goldstein: We've got plenty left over.
Sheldon Adelson: And if you need changes in billion [ph], give my wife a call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our allotted time. I will now turn the call back to management for final remarks.
Sheldon Adelson: Final remarks. Well, my final remarks is just what I repeated that you probably got from me before. I see no reason why our continued growth pattern and our trend going upwards will be abated, that any of our metrics will contract.  I think on the VIP side of Macau, we've got that problem solved. All we have to do is just build out the spaces, and we think we ought to be back to where we should be. We're looking forward to an increase in the gross revenue, but I'm very proud of the fact that what really counts, you can't put gross revenue in the bank because you got to pay expenses for that and taxes and commissions. But I think that our EBITDA, we continue to lead the pack and by a substantial margin.  Now that's the most important thing. We could put that in the bank, and that's how we create value for shareholders. So I see us continuing to go up. I see Singapore as a very, very unique place, and I think Macau will also experience it. As more and more people go to places they like. It's like a rising tide. It's going to carry all boats. And because I've never seen a boat stay underwater when the tide went up, unless there was a hole in the boat, and I've never seen a boat stay up in the air when the tide went down. So rising or an ebbing tide carries all boats.  And so I think Macau will -- look at the percentages of growth in Macau. It's amazing. It's just staggering. So I think that what's happening in Singapore is that we wish that we had greater capacity. I think next quarter we'll be reporting some interesting things. And so my model for today is onwards and upwards. Thank you, all, for being part of this call, and we look forward to our next call.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Las Vegas Sands Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-04 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Robert Goldstein - Executive Vice President and President of Global Gaming Operations Sheldon Adelson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Member of Nominating & Governance Committee, Chairman of Las Vegas Sands LLC, Chairman of Sands China Ltd and Chief Executive Officer of Las Vegas Sands LLC K. Kay - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Michael Leven - President, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, Director, Chairman of Advisory Committee, Acting Chief Executive Officer of Sands China Ltd, President of Las Vegas Sands LLC and Chief Operating Officer of Las Vegas Sands LLC Daniel Briggs - Investor Relations
Analysts: Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch Jon Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Lawrence Klatzkin - Jeffries & Co. Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Cameron McKnight - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Marvin, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Las Vegas Sands Corp. First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now hand the call over to our host, Mr. Daniel Briggs. Sir, you may begin.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal Securities Laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release, under the caption Forward-Looking statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted property EBITDA, which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded.  With that, let me please introduce our Chairman, Mr. Sheldon G. Adelson.
Sheldon Adelson: Okay. Thanks, Dan, and good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of our management team here with me today, I would like to thank all of you for joining us. As you can see from our press release, the company had another record quarter, producing $746 million in EBITDA on a record $2.11 billion in revenue. We played on our luck the in the quarter and on a normalized basis, we would've been just over $785 million, a solid run rate of more than $3.1 billion of EBITDA for a year, which I believe will be a record for any similar company in history. These results amount to the seventh consecutive time the company has increased its quarterly adjusted property EBITDA over the previous quarter. This trend started at the end of the second quarter of 2009, and since that time, we've more than tripled our quarterly EBITDA results from $247 million in quarter 2 of 2009 to the $746 million we reported today. I believe that upward trend will continue for the foreseeable future. Why do I feel that way? Let me explain by starting in Macau with the properties operated by a majority-owned subsidiary, Sands China Ltd., are continuing to enjoy market-leading EBITDA generation. The Venetian Macao increased its EBITDA by $58.5 million over the same quarter a year ago to reach $228 million and a record 35.8% EBITDA margin. Non-Rolling Chip drop which is the mass market tables; Rolling Volume, that's the VIP business, and slot handle all increased over the first quarter of last year. Adjusted property EBITDA at the Sands Macao was $92.6 million, an increase of nearly 33% compared to the first quarter of 2010. Like The Venetian Macao, not only chip drop, Rolling Volume and slot handle at the Sands all increased significantly over the same quarter a year ago. The Plaza Casino at the Four Seasons Hotel, with increases in Rolling Volume and slot handle, also had their best quarter by generating $57.5 million in EBITDA.  Our rolling program in Macau showed a continued increase with contributions coming from existing Junket business and recently added junkets. We recognize we have the ability to increase our presence in the Junket segment, but that will be an area of continuing focus moving forward. Our team is working with our existing group of junket operators, as well as new junkets, in an effort to maximize our position in this segment. We're also working to adapt a diverse physical product to better suit their needs in creating a differentiated service environment for their customers. With continued initiative designed to enhance human capital, customer service and our physical presence, we are well positioned for continued growth for the VIP segment.  We're very pleased with our quarter in Macau. I'm not content to simply leave the current cruise control We have the largest footprint in the largest gaming market in the world. And we are eager to take advantage of this significant organic growth opportunities in front of us, and I have no doubt that we will achieve even greater success in the months and years to come.  In addition to our organic growth opportunity for Macau, we're also looking forward to the opening of the sites 5 and 6 on the COTAI Strip. Although we have made significant progress on Parcels 5 and 6, our anticipated opening of Phase I could slip to the first quarter of 2012 if we do not secure increases in our present construction labor force. As the bulk of the 13.7 million square foot property, the world's largest building constructed at one time, opens over the course of next year, it will profoundly enhance our presence in Macau. We will nearly triple our hotel room inventory with the addition of 6,400 rooms, and thus provide the capability we believe is vitally important to growing with our MICE business in Macau. We will also be adding other important non-gaming amenities, which will include more MICE space, along with additional retail, entertainment and dining.  The opening of this development will be the last significant opening in Macau for the foreseeable future, and will secure our position as the leading operator in the world's #1 gaming market, thereby expanding our footprint in Macau. In addition, Sites 5 and 6, with thousands of non-gaming jobs, will further help the government in its efforts to diversify Macau's economy. Today, we're just as committed to helping Macau reach its potential as an international leisure and business destination as we were nearly 7 years ago, when we first touched down on Macau and no developer has invested more on behalf of that effort.  So that's Macau. Now let's talk about Singapore. Let me start by saying that the doors to Marina Bay Sands opened 1 year ago last week, and in the 52 weeks since that opening, we have made more than $1 billion in EBITDA, that's U.S. The reason I bring that up is not to remind everyone that I had predicted that we would make $1 billion in our first year, so I do take a little joy in that. I bring it up because it represents just the beginning of what we can achieve in Singapore. We made $1 billion at a property, which for the first several months, was not able to offer a complete set of amenities. In fact, just this past quarter, we opened important visitation drivers such as the ArtScience Museum, a light and water show and Disney's Lion King. My point is that while we reached the $1 billion in the first year, we're still miles away from realizing the full potential of our opportunity in Singapore. Our MICE business, while very strong, is still in the early stages compared to where we'll ultimately be in the months and years ahead. The same can be said for retail, food and beverage and the hotel.  As for our Gaming business in Singapore, I recently saw a CNBC story, which quoted Royal Bank of Scotland predicting gross gaming revenue in Singapore would rise 25% to $6.4 billion in 2011 and surpass Las Vegas as the world's second biggest gaming market. With only 2 of us in the market and with our success in the high margin Mass business, which is now exceeding $4 million a day in Wynn, we're strongly positioned to benefit from that additional growth.  In the first quarter of 2011, Marina Bay Sands Non-Rolling table game drop was $986 million, and slot handle was $2 billion. Rolling Chip volume was $10.1 billion for the quarter, as our marketing programs continue to take hold. Additionally, room occupancy was 86.3% within an ADR of USD $285. Our combined retail and food and beverage revenue was approximately $100 million during the quarter. As I alluded to earlier, we don't see these parts of our business doing anything but continuing to grow. So to say we have additional opportunities in Singapore would be something of an understatement.  Here in the U.S., our Las Vegas properties were impacted by about $45 million in revenue on low hold. Group business continues to improve, and I'm very bullish about our prospects in this segment. Based on our existing bookings, we expect to do more than 700,000 group room nights in 2011, with an expectation of 1 million in total group nights in 2012. Our results for the first quarter show that the number of rooms sold to cash paying customers, our average daily rate and the number of group incrementing customers served all increased significantly during the quarter compared to last year. In fact, 97% of our rooms sold in the quarter were cash customers, compared to 68% a year ago.  One final note on Las Vegas. I'm pleased to announce that we have brought John Caparella as the new President of The Venetian Palazzo. John is very engaging and has deep hospitality experience, which include having served as Chief Operating Officer of Gaylord Hotels. We're glad to have John join us, and we think he'll be a great addition to our Las Vegas operations. Turning to our operations in Bethlehem. Sands Bethlehem recorded its best quarter ever with adjusted property EBITDA of $22.1 million and an EBITDA margin of 24.3%. The hotel at Sands Bethlehem will open by the end of this month and when our plan to stroke on the retail component at the property in the fourth quarter this year. The 300-room hotel will be the largest full-service hotel on the Lehigh Valley, and when combined with our additional entertainment and dining offerings, provides us an excellent platform for growth at our only East-based property.  Finally, let me close by saying that the company's financial position is the best that it's ever been, and we're excited by the various options that keep us moving forward. Our substantial cash generating capabilities and strong financial positioning, coupled with favorable capital market conditions, provides us with a number of opportunities to optimize the capital structure of the company and reduce our overall borrowing costs. There will be more to come on this issue in the months ahead. So with that, Mike is here to discuss any operational questions you may have, Rob is here for your gaming questions and Ken can further discuss our current financial position. So let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JP Morgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: My first question is on Singapore. I think if you look at Singapore adjusted for that unlucky hold and normalize that, the EBITDA result a little bit less than probably where consensus was. As it goes to the pieces and just kind of normalize the hold on the VIP side, I think what would be helpful to all of us, and maybe, Rob, if you can do this, maybe kind of go through where you think the department profit margin is for the various segments whether it's VIP, mass and slots, room, other, because it looks like expenses overall were much higher than I otherwise would've expected or even looking at where it's been relative to revenue growth. If you can help us sort of understand those items going forward, it would be helpful. And if you could give us any sort of sense in terms of April trends in Singapore, that will be helpful.
Robert Goldstein: Joe, we don't see a change in the margins in the casino side. We've told you all along we think we'll be in the mid-50s, perhaps 57%, 58% in the mass slot and table combined. Full percent we told you around 22.5 slots. We see volume growing there nicely. On the VIP roll side, I think we're still in the low 30s. Again, the whole situation, it is what it is, but we don't see the margins changing. It's been pretty consistent in our approach towards the commissions. So I don't see a lot of changes there. And I don't think there was a change in April, if anything, I see increasing margins in mass tables and slots as you grow there. I don't see the margin getting a whole lot better on the rolls as well. It's still being in the low 30s because you're still playing out most of the business is on the very high end and we things as high as 1 4. So I don't see how we get that much beyond 32%, 33%. But I do see a little bit of appreciation as we grow in the Slot, Table Mass side.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then, Sheldon, you said earlier that you're having some early success in Macau with recently added junket. If you can give us a sense what percentage of the roll. I mean, if you look at all 3 in the aggregate in Macau in the first quarter, but what percentage of the roll was junket promoter-related versus the last quarter? That would be helpful. Thanks.
Robert Goldstein: I'll take the question. I can be a little more helpful. I just came back from a week over there. I guess, it must be clear. We have the best opportunity in the Junket segment, Roll segment, in general, in Macau. We were pleased with our numbers that Sheldon referenced on call. We see -- well, we see opportunity and we see vast opportunity to improve our operations. And Sheldon referenced with service, with people, with spending more capital in the rooms, et cetera. Our role will continue to be probably spread between 80, 20, 85, 15 junket versus direct. We said before and we'll say again, there's a market for the direct VIP, but the primary market in Macau has been and continues to be on the Junket business because of the obvious reasons that we talked about in the past. And our goal is not to -- we've all diminish [ph] (29:38) so our certain people direct to us. We're finding a very, very strong the business for us in Singapore, but the junket piece is the driver of the roll portion of our business in Macau and our goal is to keep driving those segments of the roll. I do think with the junkets that we've suffered some decisions in the past that weren't for the best for this company. We're fixing that. We are working very hard. We don't have a real estate portfolio. We made the decision for this company to be a big player in Macau, and we wanted to be a player in Macau. I think our footprint speaks to that. Our goal now is to grow organically, increase this segment dramatically. I mean, you have David Sisk and Ed Tracy and myself and the people over there are really committed. We just spent a lot of time with all of the different people. I think the truth is, we're going to grow this segment. But it takes time and effort, and we'll probably see appreciation on the junket as opposed to direct because the direct space is pretty fixed. The junket's where the real growth will reside.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Strawn with Morgan Stanley.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley: One question on Singapore and 1 question on Vegas. On Singapore first. If you look at the pieces of the business you can control there, maybe junkets at this point are outside of your control, as you look forward, how do you see the growth trajectory of that property? Is it really on the mass side? And how do you stimulate those volumes?
Robert Goldstein: Mark, I'll just take the second piece for a second. I think you can see the appreciation is on this quarter after quarter. It is magnificent to watch. I think the team there is convinced that we're experiencing 20% growth annually. We think we can -- I think that's achievable. It's a 2-horse race, we're privileged to be there. It's a wonderful government. It's a wonderful place to visit. I believe our building is iconic, and in the right place physically to keep improving. I believe our business is the aspirational place of the two. I would say we gained a lot of new players every day. It has never been, in my mind, I've never seen a pleased with this much mass table business consistently, and slot business. And we see the numbers coming out, we see the growth. If you look at our growth in the last, just in the second or third quarter, we were doing $92 million, now we're $96. We're going from $196 million, to $222 million above the millions dollars. The slot growth is unbelievable. We go from $1,358 and winning $80 million to $2,041, win $108 million. Where to stop, that's the question which we can't answer. All we keep seeing is increased visitation, weekends are phenomenal. I don't think there's any end right now to our ability to grow in this segment. It is, as Sheldon referenced, $4 million plus a day. Does it get to $5 million, I think it absolutely does. The question what's the timing. We're in a very good place...
Sheldon Adelson: The good question is how much more does it go.
Robert Goldstein: Right. I don't think there's any question. We don't see any slowdown here. We see appreciation, I see appreciation quarter-to-quarter. Andrew MacDonald and that team, Mark Juliano is there now; Jerry Bock [ph] (32:59), Eric Percy [ph] (33:00). They've done a terrific job of rethinking that pool all the time. That team is very focused on driving slot and table mass. I think it's going to be the, in a word, they may not be any in the market like it in terms of mass business with only 2 players in the market. It's extraordinary. That will be the driver of EBITDA, in my opinion. Sheldon and I discussed this. Sheldon believes that, and I think he's absolutely right, there'll be terrific growth on the Roll segment, but that will come later as we discussed in past calls, our issues there. For today, the real driver in my mind is the Mass business. It is nothing short of great.
Sheldon Adelson: It's a combination of the mass and the high end. But look, people are calling that property the eighth wonder of the world. The non-gaming aspects of it; the rooms, the retail, the entertainment; The Lion King, we thought was going to be limited, but it's turning out to be a winner. We're extending our contract there. And the outside, for example, is attracting a lot of people. The comments that we get from all over the world is just it's an incredible, one-of-a-kind building. If you think of Singapore as to what Las Vegas was many, many years ago, but there are only 2 properties on the entire strip. You divide all of the money that's taken in with all the properties, the 100-plus casinos in Vegas and the 25 or so mega-resorts on the strip, and you divide it up into -- reallocate that to only 2 operators, plus a huge community of very high-end players in back of it, you've get a very, very unique opportunity.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley: One quick follow-up on Las Vegas. As you look at that balance between your comp and your cash and mix, it seems like a pretty sizable impact on the slot handle side. Is there -- did the dial get perhaps turned too far towards the cash side of things? Or is that how we should expect that mix to trend going forward as well?
Sheldon Adelson: I don't know. It seems to me that somebody once said, if somebody wants to give you some money, don't turn it down. Don't throw it back at them, and don't duck. It only confirms the effect that the decision I made to reduce the amount of comps, which was the dogma in Las Vegas. You have to give comps to get people to play. And on slot income, everybody thinks that the practice was to think of the gross income that you have, but nobody looked at the net income. So when people were giving up both free play and RFP and comps, it was just much too costly. So we moved from 68% to 90-some odd percent, I forgot exactly the number. On cash, that's a good thing. So we stopped giving it away and therefore losing money on it, and we converted those into cash. That's a very good thing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Janet Brashear with Sanford C. Bernstein.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Macau. Could you give us a little update on the progress relative to lots 5 and 6? You said that you wouldn't be able to stay on schedule if you don't get additional labor. I'm wondering in particular if there's any -- while the government is philosophically supportive of you finishing the project, if there's impetus for them to help you speed it up? Or if they rather keep the pace of casino developments slow and maybe aren't as motivated to help you speed it up?
Sheldon Adelson: I think the government knows it's in Macau's best interest to complete the project as soon as we can. And I'd like to say the government has been very helpful, and very cooperative with us on the issue of labor. They haven't given us any special treatment, but they're cooperating as much as we can expect them to do so. So I know that there'll be some people who say, "Well, you talked about getting it ready by the last quarter of 2011. Now you're saying it may be the first quarter." But you know, you can't -- these aren't exact sciences. On the estimates of when we're goint to get the labor. We're a certain number of days lagging in the schedule, and it is possible that we can make it up, make up a substantial part of it. In any event, I don't see anybody, any analyst, estimating any contribution to income in either the fourth quarter of '11 or the first quarter of '12. So it really has no financial impact on anybody's projections.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Can you remind us what the run rate you have on labor now? And if you're expecting that to continue even if you do not get additional labor?
Michael Leven: Janet, this is Mike. We have roughly about 5,500 on the site now. We're running about 5 weeks behind on the December target. We met there last week. We need to pick up another 1,000 to 1,500 employees in some of the specialty areas like mechanical, electrical, plumbing, et cetera, which are where the problems are. And we're still hopeful we can make that target. But the reason we're talking about possible slipping is if we don't get that extra 1,500 or so, we would probably have difficulty, we will have difficulty meeting the target. And we gradually, increasing last week, we've got 400 to 500 more, and we're hoping as Galaxy opens, we get some more, particularly in that area, probably MEP. So that's our count at the moment. And we track that every week. And I'll be there again May 18 and take another look at exactly where we are at that time.
Janet Brashear - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Mike, this is one follow-up. Have you made a decision about a brand for the project, whether you want to keep your own brand or find another external operator to brand the project?
Michael Leven: We're talking now to 2 international brands about licensing that product and running it ourselves. We have proposals in that we are going through, and final discussions are being held with 2 major international companies; both of which have significant penetration in Asia, as well as around the globe. My expectation is in within a couple of weeks, I think we'll have an announcement on that basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with the BoA Merrill Lynch.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: I just wanted to ask quickly going back to Singapore, either the VIP side has been an area of big interest for folks, and wondering if you guys could give us a little bit more sense of what you've learned by month and any read do you have on April. I'm specifically looking at March and April because one thing we're trying to understand is how much of an impact Chinese New Year had and what kind of the run rate in that business is going forward?
Sheldon Adelson: Chinese New Year was not in April. It was in the first quarter. We're starting the -- well, we're undergoing the shorter phase of Golden Week right now, this week. Without violating our no-guidance program, I think those people who think that we'll significantly increase our continued ramp up will smile after we release the figures. I think that's all I can say. If we're not giving guidance, I can't say anymore. People who look at the upside and are optimistic, will find that April, in all respects, was an excellent month, in all properties.
Robert Goldstein: It's Rob. I don't think that -- obviously, we're -- We're over a year into this thing in Singapore, the one thing we all know is, obviously, Chinese New Year's very powerful. And when it falls, obviously, the calendar new year is critical. I don't think we're seeing a lot in terms of -- the one thing we've learned is the holidays are all very important; Easter, where there is a 4-day holiday, Easter Monday, Saturday, Sunday, Friday. It's wonderful. It goes on for 4, 5 days; the Same thing in Macau. But I think at the end of the day, I'm not sure that unlike Las Vegas, for example, it's very seasonal with the heat this summer impacts the group, et cetera. I don't think our Roll segment in Singapore, you're going to see significant impact by the calendar. The more I'm there, the more I think it's just simply driven by there's demand every day. The quarters won't be that much different in my opinion. The fourth quarter has its holidays, so does the first quarter. Perhaps this summer, last year we had a very strong summer. We'll see how this summer holds up. But it seems to me that the real key to Singapore is not seasonality. It's just growing the business and find the customers and then finding us. I get the impression that the growth will be there. It's not driven at this point. It's a new product. It's a new market. I don't think the calendar or seasonality is the most important, just people finding the property and getting there and liking it. And the rate of reservations are picking up. Sheldon referenced the very strong April. We're very strong in April. But I don't think it's going to be driven by -- the Asian market demands for gambling has been very, very strong, as you all know. I think that's a bigger driver than perhaps seasonality at this point in our experience in Singapore.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then, I just want to go back to the opportunity for the glass is half full as relates to junkets in Singapore. You guys have been pretty conservative in terms of some of your interpretations, some of the roles there. And just kind of wondering, I believe the general election has been scheduled now in Singapore. Kind of what do you think are the next opportunities, the next kind of pieces to get junkets legalized there and maybe your thoughts on the timeframe.
Robert Goldstein: I think first of all, Shaun, I think we follow Sheldon's direction in terms of our strict interpretation of existing roles as we see them. And that will restrict our ability to grow as quickly perhaps as we might if we were more liberal. But I think it's the right approach until the government gives further guidance and a kind of strict instruction approach to it. Having said that, I think junkets, there's now 31 companies in the queue as we speak. I think that'll grow to 30, 40, 50 by the time summer rolls around. It grows everyday. There's some very good publicly-listed companies in that group. I think it's clear to see that the government is going to, at some point, make some decisions about these complications. And we're certainly in the line to be involved with them if, in fact, they are prudent licensed and will wake up and guide us. And in the interim, we'll do our job internally by not dealing with anybody we think is not licensed, not in practices that could be questionable. We adhere very, very strictly to Sheldon's direction and, we think, the direction of the Singapore governtment. And again, I think it's going to be a progression, a process, and we'll keep you posted on how it turns out. But there's going to be some license decisions made in calendar year 2011 in Singapore. I think that's pretty clear.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: And one last one for '10. There's been some discussion out there about some potential refinancings for you guys, I think in the Macau side. Ken, could you give us a little bit of your thoughts about opportunistically, I think some other operators in Macau have looked at tapping similar cost financing recently. Just kind of what you might be considering on that front?
K. Kay: Yes, we do have significant opportunities there. I think the market conditions are favorable. We've had some preliminary conversations with some of our lenders. And obviously, we haven't finalized anything yet, but we do have an opportunity to refinance our operations in Macau, which would generate some significant savings from an interest perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix from Barclays Capital.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Rob, I have a question for you in Macau. I know you have all talked about and we've both seen and witnessed the strength of The Venetian. But obviously, there's a variety of different scenarios that can occur in Macau after Galaxy Macau opens. And one of those is that the environment gets promotional. So I was just wondering if you could discuss what your plans would be in such an environment and have you started at all to implement any new marketing programs ahead of that.
Robert Goldstein: No, first of all, I think we feel, I feel very strongly that the Galaxy is a big contributor to the COTAI portion of our business. I think it's going to be very good for COTAI to drive more visitation. That's a good thing. We saw that with City of Dreams. We welcome the Galaxy opening. We're excited about it. I think at any Galaxy would be more of a junket-focused player. It will bring mass. I think our belief, my belief more than ever, privileged to be in COTAI with The Venetian. The property is a must-see property and traffics a lot of people because it's got great things for a lot of different parts of the market. It's very well segmented. It's a building people want to see. It's interesting. The shopping is outstanding. The room count is great, a diversity of the food and beverage, entertainment. I think we're going to benefit greatly by Galaxy. On on the junket side, I don't think Galaxy is going to impact us positively or negatively. Our job is to seize the opportunity to just be a better player in the junket portion of our business. That segment has suffered, and I think we need to get better at it. I think the Wynn results point that out how much opportunity there is there, and we'll just simply work on it. But I think with Galaxy's opening, I'm a strong believer. It's great for COTAI. It's great for the vision of this company, and I think it's great to The Venetian as a mass player. I don't think it impacts the Plaza, Four Seasons as much. But when you walked into The Venetian, it is a force of nature. It is a must see place, and I think every person who comes to the COTAI section in Macau will make a stop at The Venetian. I'm pretty confident. In the walk we did last week, it just gets busier and busier. And it's a reasonably different level of importance I think in Macau. And I think Galaxy is real positive for us. As to the promotional issues, I think the Galaxy people are going to focus on making money and watching margins that I don't think it's going to be an issue. Our team is watching it very closely and debate it all over. I think if we have react, we will. But we have to protect The Venetian. It's a very important part of our Macau strategy and is a unique player on the COTAI Strip.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And then just moving to Singapore, I wanted to get back to the question of margins and some of the cost. So sequentially, the margin's growth, the EBITDA margins were lower. I was thinking it might be seasonality, but you had mentioned that there really isn't a lot of seasonality. So there were some higher other expenses in the P&L that we saw. I was just wondering were some those maybe preopening from some of the non-gaming things or is this kind of an EBITDA margin that we should think about.
Sheldon Adelson: I don't think any -- we haven't had any margin compression from any of the operating sides. In fact, those operating margins are actually expanding. Our rooms profit, our food and beverage profit, or our retail profit, all those are expanding. I don't know of anything. Do you know something specific, Felicia, that you're talking about?
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: I wouldn't have expected the sequential decline in EBITDA margins.
K. Kay: But we do have a hold of 2.56%, obviously.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Yes, but you gave us the adjusted EBITDA margin of 53.2%
K. Kay: Yes, that's true.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: So maybe we chalk it up to seasonality.
K. Kay: This is Ken. I think it's predominantly driven by the hold. I mean, really think that that's the biggest issue. Now looking at the margins for the fronts, the hotel and also the food and beverage, as Mike said they both have expanded. So we didn't have a reduction in margins from those. The only thing I could think of potentially is we have new activities that are opening up that haven't ramped up from a revenue standpoint. Then there's the possibility that...
Sheldon Adelson: I have an answer. Ken has taken a more conservative approach to the accounts receivable. He put aside bigger reserves than what we wanted to do. So but we've caved into his conservative approach, at least for this period. That doesn't mean we're going to follow it in the future. He just put aside more reserves than what we think were warranted.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Conservative is good.
Sheldon Adelson: Being conservative is good. And I can't say it's bad, but if you ask the question, there's no other reason why that expenses would've been higher. And I think that amounted to about, what's the number, Rob? About $11 million? Excess reserves of what we think, of what the operating people think we should have taken. But we caved in to what he said because as you say, Felicia, it can't hurt us to be more conservative.
Robert Goldstein: Felicia, it's Robert. I just want to make sure you put clear to it and set it out to anyone that the most important single piece of business in Macau, I think Singapore would just be Non-Rolling Mass slot and table. The margins remain stellar. If anything happens in this growth, as you get more, obviously, more revenues of those games you saw, I don't think that's any issue there. And I do think the hotel is now running like a Las Vegas 2007 hotels. Got running high 80s and high occupancies and high rates. And if anything, margins should get better. I think we're getting stronger, so we should do better, we should show stronger.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And I know you're probably aren't going to be able answer this or none of us are going to be able to answer this until Genting reports and we parse through their numbers, but do you have a sense at all of what you're mass market share was and your VIP market share? Maybe not specific numbers, but did you grow, decline or any view there?
Sheldon Adelson: Generally speaking, I think that our mass-market is -- everybody says, everybody seems to know say that MBS [Marina Bay Sands] is capturing a, I won't say runaway, but an increasing share of the mass market, and we're quite happy with that. We're capturing a lesser share of the VIP market because I don't want to get into details about the junket reps or anything, but they seem to like to pay higher commissions than what we want to pay. And so we think that they will come out with higher roll because they're what we call in the trade, we call they're buying the business, and we choose not to quote by the business, although we are being somewhat more flexible on the commissions. But we don't want that to be the final arbiter of who's got what percentage of the market. Eventually, people will come to the MBS and enjoy playing there. And even if we pay a little bit less, we have stated in the past, we don't want to get into a commission war. If we get into a commission war, we won't get in it for the purpose of losing. So we think that before we get on that horse and gallop into a commission war, we're going to see what happens when the government finishes its investigations and allows or disallows junket reps and how many of them and who they are, et cetera. So we're biding our time until those decisions are made.
Robert Goldstein: It's Rob again. On that issue, I think it's clear that our ability as to outroll is significant. I believe that, that trend will continue and it's also initial [indiscernible] (55:17) seasonal market versus us. But I must tell you that it's not because our goal is equally or better. Our people are equally better. I think the truth matters if we choose to compete in that fashion, we can flip that switch on pretty quickly if that's the direction that we're given. So I don't think it's a market difference. I think don't think it's a building, or people difference. I feel our team in the field is as good as it gets on the casino sales side, and our team on the ground is as good as it gets. If, in fact, we choose to rethink that approach, it would be difficult to compete with them. I do think our Mass business, I'll be very surprised if we're not stronger than RWS by quite a bit. I think our Mass business is showing up the strength of that building and the consumers [indiscernible] (56:04) with their dollars, and I think you're going to see a nice movement in our favor in that regard.
Sheldon Adelson: I'd like to add that in the recent past, since we opened MBS, we have increased the number of sales people in the field substantially, by dozens. And we have well over 100 people out there that's in the field bringing in the higher-end customers, the premium customers that will be considered the premium direct customers at the lower rates, the VIP customers. And this is something we never had before. We could justify 125, 150 salesmen in the field with only Vegas for them to come to. And we were staying with the junket reps in the market in Macau because they own a substantial -- they own such a substantial portion of the market there. So now with Singapore and with Vegas and whatever premium direct that we can build up with, their junket reps don't have any penetration. This is quite unusual for us. Well, it's not unusual, but it's really unprecedented. And we're going to continue to cultivate that direct sales channel. And we think that'll help us significantly in the future.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And then just quickly on Las Vegas, I was just wondering what the ADR group rate you were looking at in 2011 and in 2012, what you were seeing so far.
Sheldon Adelson: Last time I talked to salespeople -- Mike, do you have -- I think it began with 2.
Michael Leven: 180 in '11, the group rate. And it's up to about -- it's close to 212 so far.
Sheldon Adelson: Eric told me that most of the business began with a 2.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: I wonder if you could give a little bit more color around the Singapore margin issue year because you mentioned $11 million in excess reserves. If I add that back in your EBITDA adjusted for hold, I'm still getting a margin that's down sequentially and maybe a little less than we would've expected. So I don't know if you can give a little bit of color on just sort sequential changes in margin and some of the segments. And I don't know if there was anything non-recurring from opening costs or something in Q1, but just to -- or more specifics around those receivable numbers, the reserves just so we can see how the margin would've looked or maybe what you're seeing that we're not seeing?
Sheldon Adelson: Question. I don't see anything
K. Kay: What are you getting to?
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: If you're adding $11 million and it gets you to something along the lines of $52.3 million as the margin and just looking at the downturn sequentially.
K. Kay: I think you need to add it to the hold adjusted EBITDA margin. Right?
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: Yes, I did. Yes.
Sheldon Adelson: There's nothing unusual.
K. Kay: I just did the math. I came up to a margin of about 55%.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: Did you add back the hold adjusted revenues into the revenue base as well? Because in theory, you mentioned that has about $30 million in revenues, and so you'd have to adjust the base, and so that might bring the margin down.
Sheldon Adelson: Robin, let's compare that to any other company in the hospitality or leisure industry. I mean, these are phenomenal numbers.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: These are phenomenal numbers. But I guess we're just trying to get to what you expect going forward. And so I know you won't give guidance on that specifically. So all we can do is look at that sequential trend and say, "In what direction does this margin moving in?" Just trying to help us understand what direction it's moving given just the sequential change here. [indiscernible] (1:00:16) number...
Sheldon Adelson: We'll take out some more magnifying glasses, take a closer look at it, and we'll try to get back to you offline. We don't -- there's nothing that we know of that will impact the future trends.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: And in the past, you've expressed an expectation to sort of generally, without giving guidance, that there would be kind of sequentially EBITDA growth quarter-to-quarter in Singapore. Is that still -- is that correctly interpreting what you said in the past? Is that still your expectation going forward?
Sheldon Adelson: I don't understand what you're saying.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: Do you expect EBITDA to go up sequentially every quarter as you've said previously in the second quarter?
Robert Goldstein: It can't go up sequentially every quarter based on seasonality, but it should go up on an annual basis. So if you compare the quarter sequentially. What you want to do is look at the third quarter when we finally get quarter-to-quarter comparison year-over-year versus the third quarter of last year to see if it went up that way. I don't know if you can make the judgment that sequentially you're going to go up each quarter versus the last quarter.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: That was a comment that management had made it out as you expect to ramp up in year 1. So that may not be your expectations.
Sheldon Adelson: Listen. Making $1 billion from the start is not underachieving. It's not underwhelming. Nobody has ever done this before. Nobody has ever done this before. There was nothing, Robin, in our expectations that will cause a speed bump. But in the nature of human and commercial activity throughout time immemorial, you've got peaks and valleys. And any month, any week, any quarter could be up or down for a whole variety of reasons that are unpredictable.
Michael Leven: Robin, let me just say this. Sequentially, we have gone up every quarter. For the second quarter of '10, third quarter of '10, fourth quarter of '10. And on an adjusted basis, we've gone up every quarter, on an EBITDA basis, normalized basis, so far. So are you asking the question as to whether we'll continue to go up sequentially? I think a lot of that depends on seasonality. If you're dealing with the Chinese New Year, you're dealing with the Golden Week or whatever, at the levels of occupancy and the levels of play that we have, which go up. It still makes it somewhat difficult on a sequential basis the comparison based on how many holidays, how many situations, that all I'm saying. But theoretically, we have gone up practically in the last 4 quarters, every quarter. Remember, you started with a very low base, and now we're getting to a much higher base.
K. Kay: Robin, we're at 54.6% last quarter at December 31. We're at 54.6%. When we run through the numbers we get to something very, very close to that on a hold adjusted basis for this specific quarter. It might be slightly down. We talked about the $11 million charge. There's nothing whatsoever in our business that makes us believe that margin is going to decrease on a percentage basis unless we grow the Rolling business at a higher rate than we're growing it out right now. Either percentage of the mass business and the hotel on the retail, which will all grow margin.
Sheldon Adelson: Because your margin on the rolling is a 31% margin. So if you grow the Rolling business, you're going to end up, your margin may go down, but your [ph] EBITDA is going to go up.
Robert Goldstein: But you're also going to grow the master. The master will continue -- hopefully moving in directions going here. So those margins should stay in mid-50s and that should provide the fuel to drive the whole profit. It shouldn't diminish, it should increase.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Oh with CLSA
Jon Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Just a question on Singapore again. The hold adjusted EBITDA for this quarter was about $311 million. And if I recall correctly the fourth quarter call, Sheldon, you kind of mentioned that January was a pretty strong month with EBITDA of around $110 million. How should we go about thinking about the contribution of EBITDA from February itself, which is the Chinese New Year impact?
Sheldon Adelson: I don't know, I don't know the figure. But just recognize that there are peaks and valleys in everything in nature. Nothing goes straight up, nothing go straight down.
Robert Goldstein: The play was there and the hold wasn't on the high end. And it's just that on the mass side, it was a consistent 23.5% run. Had we held our luck here, Feb would much stronger than it was. The volumes are fine, but luck there wasn't on there on the rolling side.
Sheldon Adelson: I just want to point out that we picked back up from $8 million roll to $10 million roll and from the fourth quarter of '10 to the first quarter of '11. So we've come back to where we were at the highest quarter in 2010. Look, this is a market that's going to continue to grow. There is nothing predictable, nothing predictable whatsoever that will have a negative impact on percentage, and what really counts is how many dollars you could put in the bank, and the teller at the bank doesn't qualify his acceptance of your deposit based upon the percentage of margin that you experience. He just says, "Give me the money. I'll put it in your account. That'll be that." But there is nothing predictable out there. We don't see anything that will change any of the trends, and I'd like to say that we all feel quite good decisively and unequivocally that this is a very unique market in the world that the South Asia and the contributions from what may not be considered South Asia, Southeast Asia, like China, like Japan, like Korea, have been contributing a lot to the high end of the market itself. And we see no reason why that won't continue to grow. We continue to see people coming out of the woodwork at all levels, at the initial $100,000 level and at the $5 million and $10 million increased levels. They come out of the woodwork that some of them we didn't know before, some of them we have been trying to get as customers, and we're achieving that now. We don't see any trough of any significance coming into our future in increasing the business. So when you're talking about -- there are people saying give or take $1.5 billion EBITDA coming out of Singapore, you're talking about very substantial amounts of money. Pretty soon, Singapore will deliver more EBITDA than the entire Las Vegas strip has done. So we have great opportunity organically, and great opportunity for expanded growth.
Jon Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Just a follow-up question on receivables. Maybe if you can just help us by giving us a bit more guidance on how we should be thinking about casino receivables in Singapore. I see that Rolling Chip volume has recovered, as you've said, pretty nicely in the first quarter. How should we be thinking about credit standards, and also how are you treating provisions going forward? And if you can share us the amount of casino receivables in Singapore as well, if you have it by any chance.
Sheldon Adelson: Well, I'll answer the first part, and I'll leave it to Ken and Rob to answer the second part. The fact that we're doing -- that RWS is giving -- is probably going to have a lot more roll, maybe twice the roll that we had. So it indicates to you 2 things vis-a-vis how they get the roll and number 2, how conservative on granting credit. We want to be conservative. We don't want to come up with any big surprises on the negative side because we gave out too much credit and too recklessly. We're extremely conservative on granting credit. We're extremely conservative on collecting credit, and on putting aside reserves. We're in this for the long term. We're not in it to make profit to create a tremendous impression for 1 quarter and forget about the future. This is -- we're riding a very solid horse here, and we want to keep that horse strong. We're feeding it, we're grooming it, we're taking care of it. And we expect that it will just continue to grow on a prudent and conservative basis.
K. Kay: It's Ken. We've got about, from a receivables standpoint on a gross basis, about $360 million of receivables. We've got about 13.5% reserve against that, which I think is conservative, as Sheldon had mentioned before. I don't see that necessarily changing much. I think we've done a very good job of being conservative. With regard to granting to credit; we've done a very good job with regards to collection of accounts outstanding. And we think that we're really in good shape from a receivables standpoint.
Jon Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Ken, just to quickly -- just to doublecheck the $360 million, that's in U.S. dollars, right?
K. Kay: Right.
Jon Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And that's purely just for Singapore?
K. Kay: That's correct.
Jon Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Would you also be a able to share us the number for Macau?
K. Kay: Happy to.
Sheldon Adelson: Macau is mostly junket reps that churns over every month, every 30 days.
K. Kay: So it's a different environment because of the fact that Sheldon mentioned, the junket receivables turn over very rapidly. So we've got, in total gross receivables, casino receivables from Macau, we've got about $260 million balance.
Sheldon Adelson: That could change tomorrow significantly.
K. Kay: And a 27% reserve against that balance.
Robert Goldstein: Correct. It changes everyday.
Jon Oh - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And finally, any quick updates on the hotel, the Shangri-La Hotel, which dropped out from sites 5 and 6? Any announcements? Or if you could share with us some of your latest thoughts on your plans for that.
Michael Leven: Like I said to Janet Brashear before, you may have missed the answer. We're in the final stages of negotiation with 2 international brands, 1 for the Shangri-La and 1 for the Traders site. Most likely, that'll be completed in the next couple of weeks. We've had all the visitations and have all the material in on our side and on their side, and we'll probably have an announcement by the end of this month, I would say, to give us a little leeway to do the negotiations we have to do. And we will then have 5 and 6 represented by 3 major international companies, all with heavy presentation in the Chinese market. That's our goal there. And we will manage those 2 properties ourselves. The Sheraton properties, they will manage as previously done. There's been no change in that scenario.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Larry Klatzkin with Klatzkin Advisors.
Lawrence Klatzkin - Jeffries & Co.: Just looking forward, you're finishing your Macau property, you're getting the hotel open in Bethlehem. What's next? Sheraton Florida, looks like it's still there filling down, Massachusetts, possibilities in Asia. Can you talk about where you might be going next?
Sheldon Adelson: Well, we're hoping that notwithstanding all the tragedy that's occurred in Japan that we have -- we're hoping or we have some reason to believe that they understand they've got to do what they can to accelerate or to reinstate their reputation as a good tourist destination. So that may be a blessing in disguise, vis-à-vis liberalization of the gaming laws and allowing IRs to be put in. And of course, we're -- everybody says, we're the leading candidate there. I heard Steve Wynn recently said that he didn't think that Japan would be a very good place to attract people to. But bear in mind, Japan, for time immemorial has had these issues. And there have been earthquakes and tsunamis there forever. We just had a team of people over to Spain. We are continuing to lay the groundwork for that. We have constant meetings about planning and programming that illustrates and then allocates to each of the properties. We've talked to builders. We're in discussions with both the governments and land acquisition both in Madrid and Barcelona, and it's not a Spanish development per se. This will be a development where the primary market is all of Europe. Western Europe, the former Warsaw Pact countries, western former Soviet Union countries, even into Moscow and St. Petersburg, down to the Middle East, Turkey with 85 million people and North Africa. Nobody's talked about North Africa. There's a lot of haves there, and there are far more have-nots. So we hope that North Africa will help to fatten up the market there. But it's for 700 million, 800 million people in the catch rate areas. So it's not just Spain. And we're moving forward on that. We're not ready to break ground. We don't have the grants and incentives finalized yet, but we're in heavy discussion.
Lawrence Klatzkin - Jeffries & Co.: And as far as Asia goes, Taiwan doesn't have the translation system that you need? It doesn't work?
Sheldon Adelson: What? Taiwan. Surprisingly, about Taiwan, Taiwan is still considering the islands. In the Taiwan strait based upon my age, we used to call it the Formosa Strait. I'm not sure that we want to go to Kinmen or to Matsu. Prudence would have us look for some sort of assurance from the Chinese government that they'll keep the visa flow open. And since Taiwan is not yet a Special Administrative Region, SAR, I'm not sure what the attitude will be from China in keeping the visa spigot open. So without some sort of assurance, it will be a tough decision to make vis-à-vis the islands. We're advocating keeping it on the Taiwan mainland. Although there's only 24 million people there, it would be a phenomenal, very, very self-supporting IR in Taipei or Kaohsiung.
Lawrence Klatzkin - Jeffries & Co.: And how about Massachusetts and Florida?
Sheldon Adelson: We're still looking at those. If Massachusetts allows 3, 4 casinos; Rhode Island is considering converting it into [indiscernible] (1:17:18) into full-fledged casinos, the 2 -- the [indiscernible] (1:17:23) and Mohegan Sun in Connecticut. It's still there. It all depends where they allow them. I think with 3, there might be too small of a market up there. So we may not justify the kind of money that'll have to spend to show our best to flex our muscles the best. Florida, it all depends. It's still up in the air. A subcommittee failed to pass it or a committee failed to pass it and I think it's being put over to next year. And the same thing in Texas. We don't have any approval yet in either Texas, Florida or Massachusetts, but we're keeping a close eye on that. The big, big activity -- I think the United States is getting too diluted in terms of too many casinos in too many states. I remember the days when there were too few casinos and too few states. Now the pendulum has swung the other way. There are too many casinos in too many places, too many casinos with slots and the possibility of Internet gaming that could potentially have a negative impact on the brick-and-mortar casinos.
Lawrence Klatzkin - Jeffries & Co.: I look forward to your next big project.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks. We, too. We're very excited about it. We're gearing up. We're developed. We're stepping to do this project in Spain.
Lawrence Klatzkin - Jeffries & Co.: The last question would be, and again, I don't know if -- I might have missed you answering this. The apartment sales in Macau?
Sheldon Adelson: Again, we don't have anything final. We are leaning upon what the Macau government wants to do. I'm sure we're not leaning on them. We're relying upon them. We're not doing anything to -- we're not taking any drastic, except to tell them how it's how good it's going to be in. Again, I hate to repeat it, but we have reason to believe that the possibility of approval may be closer than farther.
Sheldon Adelson: Next time, you should be first, Larry.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I guess I just wanted to go back to an earlier question by Mark Strawn, who talked about the impact of -- I think he was trying to get to in Vegas that maybe the cash customer activity and the decrease in promotional activity may have impacted the hold in some way in that market. And then on Singapore, similarly, on the hold percentage, is it that Resorts World is, as you said, is buying business. Is that impacting your hold because it's reducing the length of play?
Robert Goldstein: Steve, it's Rob Goldstein. In Las Vegas, we have seen no impact on the hold percentage. We just have a lot of wonderful amount of Asian business and they just kept winning. It's that simple. And in fact as we said, for us promotional activity has no impact whatsoever. As far as Singapore, what RWS does, in fact, [indiscernible] (1:21:06)as far as our view is, we didn't hold them [indiscernible] (1:21:12)at this points it's not usually significant. Obviously, it impacts the EBITDA. But again, there's no impact whatsoever on RWS activities on hold percentage. We have lots business. We played many hours. One of the great benefits of the Asian customer is they tend to stay and play a long time. If you stay and play, you get lucky. That's the simple fact that works in Las Vegas as well as in Singapore.
Sheldon Adelson: It's the principle of the law of averages that the hold percentage is a matter of luck.
Robert Goldstein: And one thing you should know, we've been doing this for Las Vegas for better than a decade. Our cumulative hold percentage in Las Vegas on Asian baccarat play exceeds 27%. So if you're patient -- sometimes you play lucky, sometimes you don't. At the end of the day, we're pretty confident the volumes in Singapore and the volumes of this company, it's pretty obvious at the end of the day, it all works out just fine.
Sheldon Adelson: We cut back on the comps at the slot end of the market by raising the threshold. We haven't eliminated the comps. If the thresholds for people who qualified for the comps were too low, so I raised them up to the point where they're profitable now, where the profitability was questionably few. But the percentage of hold has an impact to slot hold. It impacts the table games hold. So the comps, the increase or decrease in the allowance for comps doesn't have any effect whatsoever on the hold number. And besides, hold can only be adjusted by luck, by the law of averages. That's all. There's no other way to it. If there's any other way to increase the hold, believe me, we'd be out there chasing it.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: But, Sheldon, it's also length of play as you pointed out over the years, in the past and your competitors have pointed out. That's why I'm asking is either one of these activities reducing the length of play? And I guess, the answer is it's not.
Sheldon Adelson: No, absolutely not. There's no way that we would going to cut back on comps where there's the potential for somebody who's going to play a long time or a short time or where the threshold of probably of theoretical winnings.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: But they might go another casino if you are not offering them the same amount.
Sheldon Adelson: No, no, no. We're offering the same. The point, Steve, is that we went down too far on the threshold. That's all there is to it. And it was almost completely on the slot side and not on the table
Robert Goldstein: Steven, this is all baccarat driven. These guys aren't impacted by it at all. We have no comp issues in the high end -- the Asian customer who comes to Las Vegas Las Vegas didn't suffer at all as far as any of these decisions. It's not impacted. It's not even related.
Sheldon Adelson: The big decision on comps to the Asian baccarat player is do they got a 5,000 square-foot suite or are 9,000 square-foot suite. [indiscernible] (1:24:15).
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Cameron McKnight with Buckingham.
Cameron McKnight - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Just very briefly on Singapore, Sheldon. I mean, the mass market trends that were evident in the results I thought were pretty strong with mass revenues per day up 7% sequentially. Can you give us some brief thoughts on the depths of that market and whether you're finished penetrating the mass market there or are you seeing the market overall has got more to run?
Sheldon Adelson: Mike has said that he's got some figures at only 3-point some percent.
Michael Leven: You're talking about the market in general, right?
Cameron McKnight - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Singapore mass market.
Michael Leven: You're not saying Singapore, you're just saying the Singapore market for us. So I think your point is -- look, the numbers are staggering. If you look at the slot, we've gone from the first full quarter, which is Q3 '10, from the slots we won about $79.5 million, then we jumped to $96.7 million and jumped to $108 million. Until we get to $120 million next quarter, I believe we can. I believe we can keep going. The penetration in that market, we don't know because we don't know how big that market can get to, but I think it's safe to say talking to Andrew and Mark and the guys who run that business everyday, we have total confidence that the growth is ahead of us. Is it going to be 5%, 6% per quarter? 8%, 9% per quarter, I don't know. But the growth isn't over. From the mass table side, I think it would be more compelling there in terms of -- we're seeing -- the growth there tends to be both for the Singaporeans and visiting tourists. And that really gathers more strength and becomes the preferred place, the place we want to go to. I think our Table business will continue to ramp. The good news is the whole percentage stays very fat probably at 22%, 23% range because to the comment earlier in Steve's call, they play an awful long time. They don't leave the table. The appetite for extra strategies is very, very small versus American customer. So I think our table business there will still ramp up. Again, this will grow to -- cumulatively, we believe the market can grow -- easily we can see 1 8, 1 9 next year as a cumulative mass slot and table. I believe that's unprecedented -- my personal belief, they can grow to 1 8, 1 9 next year in 2012. I don't think it's slows down. And if anything, as you see, Singapore visitation which is off the charts at 26%, 28%. We're the beneficiary of that visitation. And they're working hard on their tans in the [indiscernible] (1:27:10) district. We've got this wonderful building. We've got the [indiscernible] (1:27:14), the Disney show, the retail is superb, the restaurants are spectacular. So why would we keep getting our fair share with that ever growing double-digit growth in the visitation. I think we're going to dominate the mass table slot market for a long time, and we're very poised to do that. It's a wonderful problem to have.
Cameron McKnight - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Rob, what was the -- can you talk to the percentage of table drop in Vegas that was accounted for by high-end baccarat play in the quarter?
Robert Goldstein: Roughly, our business breaks out -- one reason on the call, we talked to you about how to break it out. About $280 million roughly of our drop was baccarat-driven. Of that, 90 plus percent Asian play. I mean, we're an Asian house in baccarat business here, guys, as are the better hotels in town. And we can take more than our fair share, I think, in terms of -- because of our presence in Asia. And it's just so simple; you play bad, you play lucky. Lots of the wins called, they played very lucky. It was great. They had 30 points. I can guarantee the majority is driven by high-end baccarat, and we didn't play lucky. We'll see how the business does. When it's all said and done, we'll hold our 27%, 26%, 28% on that segment. I'm not the least bit concerned, and nor should you be.
Operator: We have reached the allotted time for questions. I'll now turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Sheldon Adelson: Well, the only thing I could say -- this is Sheldon. The only thing I could say is that we're extremely excited about being the most successful company in the history of the lodging, hospitality, gaming industry, that the expectations that we'll hit $3 billion plus in EBITDA this year. And some people are saying that we might hit -- some of the analysts are projecting we'll hit $4 billion. I can't make any comment about in 2012. I won't make any comment about that, but I will say that we feel quite confident that the $3 billion mark will be breached. We'll expect to go somewhat over that. And again without providing guidance, we're very optimistic. 1 month of "Whoa hoo!" doesn't make a year. But think about having the entire Las Vegas strip resident in 2 casinos and we split that up. When the Singapore government rightfully does finish its investigation about junket reps, and we'll see how that comes out. In the meantime, we're being very conservative, but we earned $1 billion in EBITDA in our first 12 months. And I want to remind some of you guys that some of you were projecting that we're going to make $300 million. And I think the average of the consensus was about $500 million. So we made $1 billion while we still weren't ramped up. And there isn't anything in the future that anybody could see that will cause a diminution of this way to go. So we're very happy about it. I want to thank everybody for their vote of confidence in us. And we look forward to the current quarter, giving you an even more profitable quarter. So thank you for calling, and that's the end of the call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-04 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Sheldon Adelson - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Member of Nominating & Governance Committee, Chairman of Las Vegas Sands LLC and Chief Executive Officer of Las Vegas Sands LLC Michael Leven - President, Chief Operating Officer, Assistant Secretary, Director, Chairman of Nominating & Governance Committee, Chairman of Advisory Committee, Acting Chief Executive Officer of Sands China Ltd, President of Las Vegas Sands LLC and Chief Operating Officer of Las Vegas Sands LLC Kenneth Kay - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Daniel Briggs - Investor Relations Robert Goldstein - Executive Vice President, President of Global Gaming Operations, President of Palazzo resorts in Las Vegas and President of Venetian Casino Resort LLC
Analysts: Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch David Katz - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Lawrence Klatzkin - Jeffries & Co. William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Janet Brashear - Bernstein Research Cameron McKnight - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Carrie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corp. Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Daniel Briggs. Thank you, Mr. Briggs. You may begin your conference.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you, operator. Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson, let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal Securities Laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release, under the caption Forward-Looking statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted property EBITDA, which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that, let me introduce, our Chairman, Mr. Sheldon Adelson.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks, Dan. Thank you for joining us today, and Happy Chinese New Year. Kung hei fat choi to everyone. I'm sure each of you is busy looking over our press release, but let me take this opportunity to provide some commentary on yet another record-setting quarter for the company and then we'll get to your questions. I'm very proud to say that in addition to the company achieving another record quarter, we also just concluded the most successful year in our history. Net revenue for 2010 was $6.85 billion, a 50% increase over the $4.56 billion achieved in 2009. That's a 50% increase in gross revenue. The company's consolidated EBITDA for 2010 was in excess of $2.2 billion compared to $1.09 billion in 2009, an increase of more than 100% and a figure which strongly reflects our continued growth. It would take too long to list the various successes the company achieved this past year, but I would like to thank our management team and each of our team members across the globe for the role they played in our success in 2010. Our EBITDA has now increased in six consecutive quarters, and I am confident that growth will continue in 2011, a belief which is already validated by our results in the just completed month of January. Let me now make a couple of quick comments on the strong business quarter. Net revenue for the fourth quarter was a record $2.02 billion, an increase of nearly 57% compared to $1.28 billion in the same quarter a year ago. Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter was a record $739 million, up 141% from the same quarter in 2009, and as I noted before, the company's consolidated EBITDA has now increased each quarter since the second quarter of '09. Quite a record.  With the opening of Marina Bay Sands as an obvious catalyst, company-wide property EBITDA grew from $371 million in the first quarter of 2010 to $739 million in quarter four, a nearly 100% increase. We saw significant EBITDA increases across our operations in 2010. Our combined Macau properties, and this is all organic growth, increased EBITDA 47.5% compared to 2009. In Las Vegas, EBITDA increased 19.7% for the year, while Sands Bethlehem saw its EBITDA increase 144% in the last two quarters of 2010 versus the last two quarters of 2009, which were the first two complete quarters after the property opened.  EBITDA margin for the fourth quarter of 2010 increased 1,209 basis points to a record 36.7% compared to 23.8% in the fourth quarter of 2009. Margin increases in Macau, Las Vegas and Bethlehem along with the high margin Singapore operation all contributed to the increase. Adjusted diluted EPS was $0.42 in the fourth quarter of 2010 compared to just $0.03, a paltry $0.03, in the fourth quarter of '09. Let me now take a few minutes -- by the way, what I want to say is that a fully diluted number would be 860 million shares compared to the about 680 million shares that are listed in some of the wire services. So fully diluted brings it up to 800 million. I don't have, maybe Ken will give us this later, how much it would be on the number of shares that is generally thought of.
Kenneth Kay: The diluted number at the end of the quarter was 806 million as opposed to your 860 million.
Sheldon Adelson: No what I want you to say is in the Q&A period, I'd like you to say what it is, what the earnings are per share on the 600 million and I think 79 million shares that are indicated on the wire services summaries.  Let me now take a few minutes discussing our various operations starting with Singapore. During the first quarter of 2011, most of the major remaining elements of Marina Bay Sands will be launched, including the ArtScience Museum and the Light and Water show on the bay, as well as the opening of The Lion King. These events will all drive additional visitation and produce increased earnings at the property. We're leaving there this coming week, the end of this coming week, to be there for the opening of the ArtScience Museum on the 17th of this month.  Our MICE business continues to grow and, in fact, the property was just named "Asia's Best MICE Hotel" by a leading convention and exhibition publication. This has sparked a friendly rivalry between Marina Bay Sands and the winner of this award for the previous two years, our own Venetian Macao. What's important about this distinction is that it mean Las Vegas Sands now owns the two best MICE facilities in what is still one of the fastest growing regions in the world.  On a macro level in Singapore, thanks to the contributions of both IRs [Integrated Resorts], visitor arrivals there have increased by more than 20% from 2009 and each month of the year, respectively, set a new record for visitor arrivals. Let me say that while Marina Bay Sands is really still in its infancy, we are extremely pleased with the property's results and its position in the market.  In 2003 the year before we opened the Sands Macao, Macau was roughly a $3.5 billion gaming market. The conventional wisdom was that someday it would even surpass Las Vegas to become the world's top gaming market. While nobody, and I mean nobody, would have predicted that in a span of seven years, it would be four times the size of Las Vegas to $23.5 billion in 2010. Early estimates on the size of the market in Singapore have clearly been conservative as well. The Singapore market is still emerging and as we near the completion of our properties original master plan, which includes its own subway stop to open in 2012, the market is all but certain to grow.  As for our results this past quarter, we are extremely happy with the growth of our highest margin mass gaming business in Singapore. Overall, gross Gaming revenue from our mass tables and slots increased 11.9% to $310 million versus $277 million in the third quarter. Non-rolling drop grew more than 5% from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, a run rate of 20% plus annual growth. Our slot handle was up an amazing 35% from the third quarter. Our slot win per unit per day was up 12.5% sequentially, even though we increased capacity during the quarter. Right now, we are in the process of adding 300 more units because the market demands it. Turning to the VIP segment now. If we annualized the results from the third and fourth quarter, our rolling win would exceed $1 billion just from the rolling VIP program. But that is just right now in the infancy of the market. We are confident that number will grow as the market matures just like Macau did. We're confident that number will grow as the market matures, and we're still learning the seasonality of the business there. We haven't even been through our first Chinese New Year in Singapore, which we think will be a huge positive catalyst for our rolling program. We did see some softness in November, but that was book ended by a strong Golden Week period in October and healthy volumes during the December holidays. Remember, we are earning while we are learning in Singapore. We are adding experienced Asian casino executives to our sales team there, and we've just recently enhanced our private aircraft capabilities in the region, allowing us to transport our high volume of premium customers.  The potential in Singapore is clearly promising especially when you remember these two things: Singapore is located in the heart of the world's fastest growing region, and we only have one competitor with whom to share this exciting new market.  Turning to Macau. Sands China Ltd. completed yet another record quarter. Net revenues increased more than 13% to $1.1 billion. However, property EBITDA for the quarter increased 36.7% to $333 million versus $243 million in 2009. These are all same-store sales. On the topic of EBITDA, and we touched on this a bit last quarter, it continues to be a misplaced infatuation on gross Gaming revenue in Macau. While pundits scrambled to report our market share figures based upon gross Gaming revenue, we believe EBITDA should be the true metric on which performance is judged. That is where our focus lies, making it matter at the bottom line.  For example, in the third quarter of 2010, that's because not everybody's coupon numbers are out yet, a percentage of market EBITDA was more than double that of SJM, who had 30% of the gross revenue but less than 15% of the EBITDA. In the third quarter of 2010, Wynn Macau and SJM accounted for roughly 44% of the market's gross Gaming revenue, but only 35% of the market's EBITDA. Sands China, on the other hand, had slightly less than 20% of the gross Gaming revenue, but nearly as much EBITDA as those two competitors combined at about 34% of the market's total EBITDA. Remember, you can't put those Gaming revenue in the bank.  Turning to operations in the U.S. Our business here in Las Vegas remains steady. We continue to see an increase in MICE bookings through 2011 and into 2012 and the launch of our exclusive marketing alliance with InterContinental Hotel Group. It's set for the end of this current quarter. The Pennsylvania Sands Bethlehem set records for both EBITDA and EBITDA margin, and we're looking forward to additional opportunities to grow our business there, starting with the opening of our 300-room hotel this May. We're also making significant progress on other pieces of our development plans for Bethlehem, and we'll be sharing additional detail in the weeks to come.  Finally, let me finish my prepared remarks by taking a few minutes to discuss our ongoing efforts to fill our development pipeline. As many of you have heard me say, Marina Bay Sands is the greatest reference site a development company could ever hope to have. Since its opening, we have visited with government and tourism officials from a variety of countries at their request. Mike Leven and I along with other members of our development staff have traveled to several different countries to discuss the possibility of developing a Marina Bay Sands-like integrated resort and in some cases, a Coat-tie [ph] Strip-type development.  A history of winning competitive bids on our track record of running highly successful IRs should make us the logical choice and most favored company for places such as Japan, Korea or Taiwan as those countries move closer to improving integrated resorts. We are also looking at other countries in Europe as an example, but these are the three countries in the Far East with whom we're having conversations.  Closer to home, we are following the process in Florida, Texas and Massachusetts and if the economics there provide a successful development opportunity, we will surely consider it. We pull through our future opportunities with the same development strategy. Such strategy is simple: realize the significant return on our investment and maximize value for our shareholders.  So with that, Mike, Rob and Ken are also here to answer your questions. So let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Janet Brashear from Sanford C. Bernstein.
Janet Brashear - Bernstein Research: I want to ask a little more about Macau, if I could. You have high margins now, and you've been growing them over time. You're up to around a 3%, 2% level. What do you think you potential is given that there's some wage pressure, both from the government and competitors right now?
Michael Leven: Janet, it's Mike. Our management team there has really done an extraordinary job at managing the cost structure against the revenues. I think we have had some wage pressure. We've announced some wage increases this year. But in general, we think we have a pretty good handle on all our expenses. We should get some more improvement in the EBITDA margin. I don't think it's going to be spectacular in terms of numbers, but we still have a way to go. I think there's some improvement we can still get. I'm very confident with the people there today that they can very effectively manage their costs and there are other areas of opportunity we're looking at all the time. The wage pressure now is pretty much under control for another year at least, and I think it's going to stay pretty well because we've handled it so far.
Janet Brashear - Bernstein Research: Mike, could you give us an update as well on Lot 3? You have a time constraint of April 2013. Do you think you'll be able to do something to monetize that lot within that time frame? Or do you think you'll get an extension on that? And then also with the apartments that it sounded like the government was okay with you selling. What has to happen for that process to begin?
Michael Leven: We're still waiting for the final situation with the government on the apartments. I think I feel very confident we'll get something in this quarter. There's some points of negotiations still going on with that, but we're very positive. On Site 3, you're correct. We do have a time frame on Site 3. Frankly, I think we're waiting to see how we do with 5 and 6 in terms of getting it open and getting the employees and the facilities necessary to make it successful before we actually start Site 3. We're quite confident, though, now should we want an extension on 3, we'll be able to get it. If not, we do own it, and the potential of monetizing it might be very well there for us.
Sheldon Adelson: Janet, this is Sheldon. I wanted to point out that in the last day, we've received the document for some of the detail on the continued negotiation for the contract for modernization of the Four Seasons service departments. So this is not a dead issue. It's very much alive, and just yesterday we received a couple of pages of issues. And it looks like most of the subset of issues are completed, and they were just a little tweaking left to do on the contract. So we're hopeful we'll get that a lot sooner.
Janet Brashear - Bernstein Research: Four Seasons, could you comment a little more about that? Those results were just a little less stellar than your other results.
Michael Leven: It was a hold problem in the process of the casino at the Four Seasons, basically. That's really what it is. And in fact, that situation has reversed itself in the last few weeks. Basically, was a hold problem on the high end of the process in the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Strawn with Morgan Stanley.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley: You mentioned you're still learning the seasonality in Singapore. Can you give us a sense of what those trends are like on the VIP side throughout the quarter and perhaps into January, if possible? And I have a quick follow-up on Vegas.
Robert Goldstein: Mark, it's Rob. Obviously, we showed reference on the opening remarks the strength of October in Golden Week. And October was very, very strong. We certainly fell off in November. We saw some very soft weeks, picked up considerably; very strong Christmas and New Year's. But I think we're learning the market everyday there. We're just now experiencing our first Chinese New Year's. It's a seasonality issue. It's a brand-new building and it's also just a market that we're just getting a lot of rooms open, all of our restaurants still haven't opened. Sheldon referenced the new opening of the rest of the facility. So it's a new place, and I guess I would look at the Macau numbers and kind of chuckle. Who would have thought we had improved $25 billion, $30 billion. I think Singapore is going to be just wonderful. It's already proving to be very, very strong in the mass segments, incredibly strong. And I think the seasonality, we're six, seven months into this building. It is going to take some time. How big this Chinese New Year is, just talking to them last night. It's extraordinary there, the volumes. And we'll keep learning, and we'll keep growing. But I think having 250 million, 300 million people couple of hours away by the airplane, it's hard to believe this market can't continually grow, and there's always a blip in November. But wait and see how the first quarter pans out.
Sheldon Adelson: We're not sure of the seasonality of that. What I'd like to point out to you and to the rest of the listeners as Mike said that the hold on the Rolling Chip volume, which is the majority of the activity at the Four Seasons Plaza Casino was only 1.55% and the adjusted property EBITDA for the quarter was 12.2%; whereby in 2009, it was 20.4%. I could tell you that it is a volatile result there. But I could say that we have exceeded that full quarter '09 $20 million just in January alone in 2011. We've exceeded that $20 million at the Four Seasons. But the reason why it's volatile is because we have a limited number of junket reps there, and we're bringing in new junket reps. And we hope to make it less volatile and, of course, more predictable.
Michael Leven: Rest of January, we'll talk about January in Singapore seasonality.
Sheldon Adelson: Do I want to comment on seasonality?
Michael Leven: No, January in particular in the U.S.
Sheldon Adelson: Well, let's put it this way. Our EBITDA is over $100 million in January, over. And what I'd like to say, Ken, can we say what it is? Over could be $100,000,001 or it could be $200 million. That's a lot closer to the $100 million. We're over $110 million for the month of January in Singapore. And when you talk about the annualized number, last January, I repeated this before at our shareholders' meeting. I said that I took the conservative approach and said that we would earn $1 billion in EBITDA. So if we capitalize -- if we annualized what we did in January, we'll already be about $1 1/3 billion in EBITDA for Singapore. I won't let one month's drop in Rolling Volume determine what the future is for Singapore. We're in a very, very hot market that has not been addressed before. The two properties will, as I said during my prepared remarks, will we hope, not exceed, but it will follow the pattern of dramatic growth as we followed the pattern in Macau. I remember a lot of people said that in Macau, we could never do it, we didn't know the Chinese market and we were the foreigner, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. We paid back our entire cost of the property in either 12 or 13 months. Now that's not going to happen here, but we are going to have a multibillion dollar results to which Singapore will be a substantial contributor for the company. If you look at where we were, we were like $500 million EBITDA in '08. What was the number, Ken? We were about $1 billion in '09. We're $2.2 billion in '10 and our run rate right now starting with January in same-store sales in Macau and in Singapore is up significantly. And I think that run rate we experience might bring us to another $1 billion number. So we are experiencing a very what we called predictable and reliable growth trajectory. So we have gone up steadily over the last several years, and we see no reason why we won't continue to go up steadily.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley: Just really quickly on Vegas, it looks like you guys have done some work on the promotional side. I'm guessing that perhaps some of that's on the comp room side. Could you give us any color there, and that's my last question?
Michael Leven: We have sort of changed our mix considerably over the last couple of months in Vegas. We have improved our room penetration, our group numbers for 2011 are basically on the books today compared to last year, like over double what they were at the same time. We experienced over 90,000 room nights in the month of January, which were significantly ahead of last year and we're still booking. We've actually increased that group room allotments. We've lowered our comp allotments considerably to get a better customer in, which may cause some short-term occupancy looks that looks down, but to the cash component to us is actually better. And we continue to move those numbers forward. I think Vegas right now, the group market, everybody would probably agree, has come back very strongly. The rates are somewhat under pressure, but we've seen a little bit of an increase in the January group number rate, and it's starting to go up to a reasonable number. There is much more competition now on the FIT business due to more five-star rooms in the markets and cross-pollen open [ph] . That will be competitive and difficult. And I guess lastly, our expectations for our InterContinental alliance are very high. We're working hard on it, particularly on the technology side the launch in April, and we think that'll fill a lot of the voids in the competitive environment and with probably the transient part of the marketplace.
Sheldon Adelson: We know that the subject of comps has been played out all across Las Vegas, but we've taken a different position. We've essentially cut out all our accounts except the most highly rated players. No more OE packaging deals to try to be competitive with others. There's no more comp rooms given out. There is no more RFP. There's no more food and beverage. There's no shopping credits. There's no restaurant credits. There's no showroom credits. We're selling rooms, and we see that it's resulting in a substantial increase in cash income.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shaun Kelley with Bank of America.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just wanted to start maybe with getting your quick thoughts on kind of the latest on Sites 5 and 6; obviously, a huge initiative there and specifically kind of what's going on in the labor front? Any kind of insight on when you're going to be able to kind of ramp up the labor there and what the latest is probably for the opening date?
Sheldon Adelson: Shaun, our expectation is to get by the end of February an additional 3,000 workers from the Galaxy construction force finishing that property. With that, that will give us the ability to multiply that by 1,000 up to 6,000 more. We stand at about 3,500 workers on the site today. At this particular juncture, we're still planning to open a portion of Phase 1 at the end of this year. That portion of Phase 1 will be approximately close to 1,000 rooms, one of the two casinos, appropriate food and beverage, and the Paiza club and VIP rooms. That would be at the Shangri-La and Traders facilities. That's the worst-case scenario that we're looking at now. It could be better. If in fact, we get more employees coming in. We've got the approvals for them. We just have to match the one for one. And so we're just looking to get the Macanese coming off of Galaxy to do it. We get reports every week about it. That's the latest report, which as of the day before yesterday, which indicates no change in that particular plan, positively or negatively.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: When do you think you might be kind of full property run rate? I mean, obviously, there's over 6,000 rooms that you're looking to get open there. So kind of it would open in phases, when do you think you're kind of at? What is a more indicative kind of full run rate?
Michael Leven: It's difficult to say at this point. The completion of Phase 1, which would get us to about 4,000 rooms is actually on schedule for May of '12, probably in that area, May of '12. What happens after that really is going to be dependent on two things. Not only the construction work, but on the availability of workers that service the hotels. We still have some very significant concerns about the people who are going to make the beds and clean the rooms and clean the facility and whatever on the line. And we're waiting very patiently to see how Galaxy works it out with their facility. If it comes up, really they should be starting to open April, May or June of this year. So I can't predict when the last 2,000 rooms will get in there. Construction-wise, I think it's planned for the end of '12 or in the beginning of '13 at this point. But frankly, that's really going to depend upon the actual service labor available.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just one on Singapore if I could. Obviously, some of the non-gaming amenities started to show some continuing ramp there. Kind of how should we think about where you guys are right now in the curve? And can those numbers continue to move higher from even these levels or are these more of kind of the right run rate in terms of what you're seeing?
Michael Leven: We're running in the mid to high 80s now for occupancy. I mean, it's two days now quite before Chinese New Year that have dropped down a little bit, but now it's picking right up. Our occupancy numbers are getting close to the 90% target. Our MICE business in the first couple of months of this year is good. We still need to do some work there. But we think over time, it's going to come -- the potential -- we are really getting close to the occupancy potential now, and the rate structure is very good. We're very -- we've got a good rate going. Our Restaurant business is up considerably from where it's been, and I think we're probably 80% to 85% for the potential on the property for this moment in its lifestyle or in its -- so they're somewhat to go, but we really pretty well ramped up at this point. More you're going to see when some more clubs and more retail. Retailers a bit slower than we'd like. We've opened about 260 stores now, 250, 255, 260. We've got about 40 stores to go. That had a decent month in December, but it's still slower than we'd like. It's probably about 55%, 60% of the way there on the EBITDA line. And...
Sheldon Adelson: That's because the subway is not yet opened.
Michael Leven: When that's opened, I think it'll be fine. So in the first quarter, our annualized sales were about $982 a square foot or was in the first quarter and the fourth quarter. So we're getting there. But that's the biggest. The biggest piece to ramp from here is long-term MICE bookings in '12 and '13 and '14, and the shopping model. The hotel, I think, is well within our expectations now.
Shaun Kelley - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just one last one on the mall if I could. Any sense on either what kind of the kind of current run rate, NOI margins are there or kind of what kind of EBITDA that generated in 4Q? I know you don't usually split it out, but that would be really helpful.
Michael Leven: It's about in the mid-80s EBITDA coming in on the mall revenue today. That's what I've seen in the last month. But it's really I can't give you a number that's going to be consistent. Over time, that should build up even higher than that. But I don't know if that's real -- December is, of course, a little different than November and different from October. But we're still in the early stages, but the long-term future of the mall in our business plan is to eventually dispose of the mall. And if you put a cap rate on that of 4% or 5% and you can see that we can do $170 million to $200 million of EBITDA out of there by 2013 or so, that's a lot of money in the bank for us when we grow it. So that's what we're watching.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I have one Macau-related question, one Singapore-related question. Can you just discuss some of your efforts in Macau increasing your junket VIP-related volumes? And then in the fourth quarter, was there a big difference in the mix between direct and junket? VIP volumes have been an issue in Macau. I think that was referenced in the earnings release. And then for my Singapore question, can you just talk to me about the plan to replace Tom. I guess in the near term and the longer-term perspective?
Sheldon Adelson: Joe, let's start with opportunities in Macau vis-a-vis junkets. We think that our business in Macau since David Sisk and Ed Tracy joined, it's clear these guys made a big difference, and we're seeing a nice move in the right direction. The two places we're concentrating on in '11 and beyond is the opportunity junket side, and there's a lot of issues there. It's relationships and service. Ed's trying hard to make sure that these guys see themselves as critical to our business plan. I think you'll see -- it's hard on this call to explain all the issues there, but we have a lot of challenges, which we're meeting every day. Just came back and David understood it very well. And it'll be a focal point for our growth in Macau. We think it's a huge upside for us on the junket side and not the premium side. Same goes with premium slots. I think the success in premium slots, again, Ed and Dave have work cut out for them; its relationships, its customer focus, the marketing side. But we think there's a lot of potential. Our slot numbers are great on the mass side. We've captured the market in the mass side in the best way. There's challenges, though, clearly on the VIP side of the slots. We hope that our efforts will pay off in '11 and '12 and beyond. We think there's great potential to grow our business in Macau, both top line and EBITDA. And although we've done great stuff on the mass side, there's opportunity in both those areas. Your second question relate to junkets. You were speaking to the Macau junket question versus premium?
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes, just generally when you discuss your Venetian Macao fourth quarter results, you talk about the Rolling Chip volumes, the mix between direct and junket.
Robert Goldstein: If you compare it, I don't know if Venetian Macao is all the operating properties, if you will, in Macau. Percentage goes from about 16% to about 24%.
Sheldon Adelson: And Joe, that's juiced up by Four Seasons, which is the highest one. For Venetian it's actually 18.6% or about $2.2 billion of the roll.
Joseph Greff - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then any kind of commentary on the spot of Marina Bay Sands or Tom Arasi?
Michael Leven: Sure. Right now, George Tanasijevich is interim CEO for the building. George has been there with us since the very beginning. He's extremely well connected with everything in Singapore from the government to all the regulatory situations and the construction and the people, the architect and all the people that built the building. We beefed up the operations there over the last couple of months underneath Tom and also the marketing and sales operation, which is basically doing a lot better now than it was previously. We're not nearly essentially in a rush. We're out to search now for the selection process for the CEO of Singapore. But George has been told he is a candidate. He's our global development guide. We, frankly, not like to lose him to that job because he's important to us in global development. But we're out to search. The search has been distributed, and we'll be developing candidates. But once again, I would say we're very confident that George could sit there and handle what has to be handled on a daily basis so that we're not in a rush. So we'll be very careful with the selection. I should mention also that most of you probably noticed, I don't want to be redundant, but these particular roles who run these businesses, the industry, the hospitality of Gaming has never really trained people to run buildings of this size and complexity. It's all about integrated resource. And it's very hard to find people who can adjust to the seven or eight or nine businesses that exist under the roof of these places. So it could be somebody from any of these industries, but we're looking for a broad-based business person who can literally manage and lead a multiple of businesses at one time. And they don't come to you every day. So it's not an easy search to do. We are very confident George has a lot of the skills that might be necessary, but want to make sure we take a look at these kinds of....
Operator: Our next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays Capital.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: You gave us some nice color on 2011 group business in Las Vegas and how that's shaping up. I'm just wondering is there anything on the books for 2012 what that might look like? And I'm assuming that pricing for what you could see in 2012 is higher and better.
Sheldon Adelson: Right now, we're talking about for 2012, we're forecasting what we have today is tentative and actual about 781,000 room nights, which is more than what we have today for the last -- and a forecast is closer to $200 for next year versus this year's forecast maybe $180.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: And then just moving to Singapore, whoever wants to take this, your slot win per unit per day is obviously outstanding, and you're adding more machines there to address that. Just wondering what the capacity is, is there because I'm assuming that's going to be absorbed pretty quickly.
Robert Goldstein: The story in Singapore, there was a time when $1 billion -- the part of all the casino income was considered a big reach. I think you now look confident in Singapore and say, "We're going to reach $1 billion out of slots and mass tables." I know the focus base is somewhat on the miss, sequential quarter miss on the rolling. But what's extraordinary to me, I just came back from Singapore, we added 300 units. Last night we basically maxed it out. We ran in the high 90s in terms of occupancy on those games. So I think slots just keep growing. The story to me in Singapore is the amazing growth in slots quarter-to-quarter, coupled with the growth in the Non-Rolling tables affords the opportunity to probably get to $1.5 billion. In the near future someday, whether it's '11 or late '11, you're going to see $1.5 billion of cumulative revenue at a 65, 66, 67 point margin. Which means there'll be a day in some time, we're talking about $1 billion EBITDA without a rolling chip crossing the table, which to me is pretty extraordinary for a place that people a year ago questioned whether we could make $1 billion. The slot business there is exemplary in every way. We keep full of the mix. I mean, Andrew MacDonald and the team there are going to keep moving the games around. They're trying to maximize what obviously is an opportunity far beyond what we experienced in Macau years ago. We'll add 300 games by the end of Q1, and we think the absorption is simple. I mean, it's not going to be difficult. We think with our marketing, our mix and a just better thought process as it relates to slot machines, we're hoping to see that market exceed the $1 billion between us and RWS. And I think those guys have done a terrific job as well. So clearly, the slot business there is extraordinary. I just worry about honestly over capacity, under capacity and weekends, holidays where we're going to run 90%, 100%. And for those of you who've worked in markets like Las Vegas, it's unheard of. But it's a fact of life. $1 million slot base now are pretty much routine. We're now looking for $2 million opened in Chinese New Year's to see $2 million slot base. So we couldn't be more -- as much as we're looking to improve get our Rolling Chip business where we want it to be and we're going to get there. We couldn't be happier with the growth, sequential growth and January growth in slots and mass tables. I think -- 65, 66, 67. To me, the story in Singapore is $1 billion out of Rolling Chip customers. So we couldn't be more pleased about where we're seeing the slot business and mass tables with a whole percentage space in the mid-20s, 22, 23, 24. And the volumes there are -- the quarter-on-quarter gross 5-plus percent, and we see a continued trend in January. So we're very, very pleased with those businesses.
Sheldon Adelson: What I'd like to say is that we haven't said before that we have not given up, and we've accelerated our quest for additional new executive talent. And in that respect, we just have two new guys that are joining us that'll be based in Singapore, so I'll let Rob tell about one in the casino, and I'll let Mike tell you about the other guy in sales.
Robert Goldstein: So Mark Juliano, I know the rumor's out that Mark's joining. It's been years. He's moving over in a couple of weeks' full time. Actually, he's actually moving over this weekend full time. And Mark will be involved in the casino side. We're still sorting out all the relationships, but we feel he's a good addition to our team over there. And again, we keep looking to get stronger and smarter and more intelligent of the market. And I think Mark adds real value so he'll be a full-time MBS employee by this weekend next week. Mike?
Michael Leven: Yes, we've also hired Senior VP Sales and Marketing for Asia based in Singapore, a man by the name of John Dems [ph], who's a former Starwood executive. He's been in Asia before. He's been here for the last couple of weeks. He'll be back in Singapore next week and then shortly thereafter, permanently. We beefed up our sales and marketing team all over the country now and in jobs that we haven't had before, which will help our MICE business, both for Singapore as well as for Macau. And we'll be announcing this week two additional employees for our project development area, design and construction, one from Disney and one from Gaylord who will be coming in. They both have signed up, and there'll be an announcement on them in terms of new development projects that we're working on. So I think most of you have seen that we've also added a new senior position in human resources, and we're pretty well staffed up for the battle ahead in every way that we weren't a while ago able to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Katz with Jefferies.
David Katz - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: This may seem somewhat of an odd question, but as I sort of look at the financial profile, particularly past this year, the leverage continues to come down dramatically, and the cash flow continues to ramp up. Have you given any thought at any point to returning capital to shareholders through dividends or other vehicles? What thoughts do you have in that area?
Sheldon Adelson: Well, I have fantasies about it. Since the Adelson family still owns 52%, if the board were to declare a dividend, we get 52% of it. That would allow me to feel free to travel by a bigger plane with more than two engines because of the cost of fuel. Now all that baloney aside, we've not talked about it. As a matter fact, yesterday, Ken came up to me with a proposal that we pay down our $2 billion something within the next 18 to 24 months of outstanding debt in Macau. We have no rush to pay whatever scheduled amortization payments there are for Singapore. We could very easily meet. He wants to make us debt free in Macau except for 5 and 6, which hasn't opened yet. So we'll be debt free in the other three properties if we pursue that road, and then we will upstream dividends to pay off the U.S. Restricted Group. So in terms of deleveraging, I've been saying that for years, and I know back in '08 when things were kind of dark looking, everybody said, "He's talking about paying up his debt and becoming debt-free, we're talking about keeping the company going." And of course, that was never an issue to me vis-à-vis having put in $1 billion, and people are telling today it was the best bet I ever made. But I say the best gamble I ever made was my second marriage, and I hit a grand slam jackpot on that one. So that was a good bet, and so was the $1 billion. So it looks like we are delevering. Not looks like. I mean, we've got all this cash. We've got $2 billion, $3 billion in cash. We have like $3 billion in credit lines, unused, untapped, and we're earning billions of dollars this year. I don't want to say because it'll be considered guidance, but when I said that we would earn $1 billion in Singapore and $3 billion for the year, I have no reason to think that we're not going to achieve that, if not more. So we're generating an awful lot of cash flow. And to have cash or not to have cash, having cash is better and no debt.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Lerner with Union Gaming Group.
William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities: Maybe this is for Rob. Can you talk a minute, Rob, just about the overlap or maybe lack of overlap in players across your system? In particular, I know in the past, there was some concern about cannibalization between, of course, Singapore and Macau. We've chatted about that, but I think you could give more color now, I think, from you on how much overlap there is and what's the difference in those types of players.
Robert Goldstein: Well, it's a very different market, Bill. We talked about that. I think, obviously, the growth engine for Macau has been mainly in China, and we'll continue that for the future. Not to say there isn't demand out of mainland Hong Kong for Singapore because there is some demand. There is some overlap. I don't think it's -- it hasn't, obviously, impacted the numbers in Macau as they move to USD $30 billion. But Singapore is still mainly reliant upon the region being there's 250 million, 300 million people within a two-hour plane ride or bus ride or car ride or walk between Singapore and Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, et cetera, Vietnam. I think that the push in the business there will continue to be that region. We have been, honestly, pleasantly surprised by the very upper tier mainland customer who wants an escape, getaway from Macau and comes down for three or four days. And that tends not to be the core Macau customer. It tends to be more of a upper echelon mainlander who wants to go for a real vacation, spend three, four, five days in Singapore. And let's not forget we've talked about many times the importance of the private wealth issue in Singapore. There's so much money, so much capital is resident there for private wealth. And I think that bodes very well as does the access into Singapore is still extraordinary. But we're not seeing -- we've had very little difficulty managing the demand. And customers tell us, we don't tell customers where they want to go. But for Chinese New Year's, I will tell you that demand in Singapore has been a pleasant problem. We have too much demand, and it's amazing business. Sitting here in Nevada, in Las Vegas, we will be dancing all weekend with the rabbits. And Macau continues to do amazing business. I mean, Macau is extraordinary place. So at this point, it has not been an issue. We didn't anticipate, but it still has been not an issue for us.
William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities: One follow-up since you mentioned Chinese New Year. I know it's so much less fun to talk about Vegas than what you're doing in Asia these days. But as it relates to Chinese New Year in Vegas, what did advance reservations suggest, what are you experiencing now as your...
Robert Goldstein: Extraordinary. I think demand in Las Vegas is great and the city needs these big holidays, and we got it. I think work's just paying as much as anybody else. It pays per hour. LVS is privileged to be the only company in world with two different gaming licenses in Asia. We're feeling the punch of that. We're completely sold out in every level. A lot of capacity issue in the table games this weekend, and we expect to have an extraordinary year of the rabbit. But people who are concerned about Nevada being hurt by Asia, by Singapore, Macau should relax because just the opposite is happening. We get all that residual business that comes here in Nevada because of the relationships with those customers. They know us. They know who we are. Same, I think the Wynn folks, just paid very well, and so does MGM. I think we have very, very strong holiday in Las Vegas, very strong.
Operator: Your next question comes from Larry Klatzkin from Craft.
Lawrence Klatzkin - Jeffries & Co.: The question I have is Las Vegas Sands is a name, I guess, from the past. Is there a chance, Sheldon, you're considering a change to something more contemporary to what the business is with the company?
Sheldon Adelson: I'd tell you I brought it up before our board, Larry, and there were people who say that since our expansion, the bulk of our expansion will be in [indiscernible], it's good to identify with Las Vegas and say that we come out of Las Vegas. So Las Vegas is bringing its imprimatur and its style to other countries. But it doesn't seem to prevent us from talking to several governments. I want to tell you that, not necessarily in Asia but in Europe, we're talking about grants and incentives, which means they're going to follow the economic development model that has been successful in many countries heretofore. And we're going to look at getting subsidized and tax holidays and lower gaming taxes and all the good stuff from other countries when we bring our developments there. So that's the reason why we've got several people that are new in our development team that are joining us this month. And that can help us justify land selection and we're taking a different approach on not constructing ourselves, but bidding out the construction cost. We've got a very, very exciting future. As I said earlier, we're looking at following the very steady, predictable and reliable growth pattern. Regardless of any bumps in the road anywhere along the road, we look very, very good. We've looked very good in the past, and I see no reason that the fundamentals will change for us to look equally as good, if not better, in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: I wonder if you could put some of your comments about Singapore in context. Just looking at how your hold on rolling volume was above the normal rate, would you calculate that's about $295 million or so for EBITDA if you normalize that hold?
Sheldon Adelson: No, I want to give you something, and I think we neglected to put in our prepared remarks. Our 200 day moving average, which really counts is 2.83%. Am I correct on that, Ken?
Kenneth Kay: Yes.
Sheldon Adelson: The ups and downs, the peaks and valleys of weekly or monthly performance is not really what it's all about. What it's really all about is what your long-term moving average is and the percentage. I'm looking at it now, oops, I made a mistake. It's not 2.83%, it's 2.93%. But like today, the average all the way through from the time we started, the 2.93% is the 200-day moving average and like today it's 2.83%. Sorry, I got that a little confused. So you could make adjustments up or down for the quarter. But for a valued investor and of course, we have a lot of those, for a valued investor and long-term holder like us, we're interested in where we're going long term. If we had an extraordinary number like 3.5% or 4.0% on the high-end hold, of course, it would be cause to make the adjustments. But when you're looking at a 200-day moving average square within the bracket that we need between 2.85% and 3.0%, that's the bracket that we need. I mean, you can't pick it out of the 1/100th of 1%...
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: I totally agree with your comments about the value looking at the long term, and that's why about 3%. If you're using your 2.93%, I was going to give you credit for 3%, but if you would use 2.93% as the average in the quarter, I know that would put you in $280 million range in EBITDA. I'm just trying to think about what you think the normalized level is. But if you want to use 2.93%, that's actually, that's great.
Sheldon Adelson: That's the 200-day moving average.
Robin Farley - UBS Investment Bank: And I wonder if you can also put some of your comments about January during the Q&A either sort of give an indication either of maybe what rolling volumes were or whether January was above average as well, just to put that EBITDA in context for us?
Sheldon Adelson: Frankly, I don't know. I just got the number. We get numbers on a daily basis, and that was the number for the 31st. I didn't look at the details because I didn't anticipate blurting them out.
Operator: Your next question comes from Cameron McKnight with Buckingham.
Cameron McKnight - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Sheldon, if you could elaborate or comment on the initial positioning of Sites 5 and 6 relative to your other properties in Macau when you guys opened in the first phase at the end of this year?
Sheldon Adelson: What do you mean by initial position?
Cameron McKnight - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: In terms of strategy, what market you'll be looking to go after?
Sheldon Adelson: On the casino side or on the non-gaming side?
Cameron McKnight - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: On both.
Sheldon Adelson: On the non-gaming side, this is the first time that we're bringing it beside the Four Seasons, but it's only 360 rooms. This is the first time we're going to have Shangri-La, Traders, Sheraton. First time we're going to be able to dig very deeply into an international brands and their database and their customer base to come to our properties. Now we all have experienced the InterContinental depth with over 100 million frequent user, customers, whatever they call it. We want program customers in Las Vegas here as the Venetian Palazzo. So it's going to be very interesting. We don't know for sure, but we're very hopeful because in putting together the program that we need for the InterContinental here in Vegas, the potential for that is extraordinary. We understand that in another location that InterCon has done this, they're providing 44% of the FIT for that hotel. I don't want to mention the name. We're not -- total room revenue of 44%. Well, that's tremendous. So my original vision to bring in all these very deep databases and customer lists of the international brands, I believe is going to work out. We are already lining up, we have about 40 private gaming rooms that we are lining up junket reps to go in there. And if we didn't say it today I'll just repeat it. We're relying less on premium direct customers and relying more upon the junket reps, as I've told them, because we thought that what Steve Jacobs had done was the wrong move. It was one of the reasons why he was terminated. We asked him not to do and he did that. In any event, where our relationship with the junket reps is improving, we just brought on a top guy from one of our top competitors whose relationships with the junket reps is what we brought him on for. He's a specialist in that, and we expect that to improve. So as far as the two mass-market casinos are concerned, we're opening one at a time. One will be opened in six months, later the other one. But the rolling programs in the 40 private gaming rooms will be most, if not all of them, will be open from the outset. But it's -- Rob, can you add anymore to that?
Robert Goldstein: I think you said it well. I do.
Sheldon Adelson: Well, I said nothing, but I said it well.
Robert Goldstein: I think we've got a talent in the junket side. We've got a lot of work cut out for us there, and a lot of opportunity there to growth it. And I think we've done an extraordinary job in the mass side of the business, both mass volume table as well as slot. Our upside is in the junket and the premium slot side, and that will be the focal point as we go forward.
Sheldon Adelson: By the way, these stadium-style seating capacities on sic bo and baccarat and roulette have not been, in the past, in much demand in Macau. But we put them in, and now they're doing quite well. They're doing very well. So it goes to show you what I've been saying for years that supply creates demand. When we first started, I might add, when we first started there was big argument within the management of this company as to whether or not we should rely upon putting in slots. There were those of us, of which I was one, that was a major advocate of slot growth because at that time, they had English language and English characters in the slots. So if somebody wants to know how they're going to win, they had to learn how to read English. So when we had the slot manufacturers make up faceplates of Chinese characters on the reels and Chinese language characters so they could read how they're going to win, then it made quite a difference. And now the slot business in Macau is a very, very big business.
Kenneth Kay: And growing.
Sheldon Adelson: And growing.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the allotted time for Q&A. Sir, is there any closing remarks?
Sheldon Adelson: Any closing remarks. Okay. Let me say thank you, and let me close by saying that we have proven over the last several years that while we do see peaks and valleys in our business on a monthly or short-term basis, we've enjoyed a very predictable growth trajectory. There is no reason to believe any fundamentals of our business are changing. So we have every expectation that this growth trajectory will continue. We're proud of another record quarter and the completion of the most successful year in our company's history. But make no mistake about it, we will not rest on our laurels. We have the best assets. We have the best assets in each of the markets in which we operate, and we will work tirelessly to make sure each of them is maximizing its potential. At the same time, we will continue to aggressively pursue new opportunities, which will fill our development pipeline and help us maintain our position as the pacesetter for growth in our industry. Thank you, all, for joining us, and we look forward to talking with you again soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-30 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  Daniel Briggs - VP, IR Sheldon G. Adelson - Chairman & CEO Mike Leven - President & COO Robert Goldstein - EVP & President of The Venetian and Palazzo Las Vegas Ken Kay - SVP & CFO 
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital Janet Brashear - Sanford Bernstein Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley David Katz - Jefferies Joe Greff - JPMorgan Robin Farley - UBS Larry Klatzkin - Chapdelaine Rachel Rothman - SIG Cameron McKnight - Buckingham Research John Ou - Alpha Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank David Bain - Sterne Agee Dennis Forst - KeyBanc
Operator:  Good afternoon my name is Christine and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corporation Q3 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions).  Thank you, I would like to turn the call over to our host Mr. Daniel Briggs, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Daniel Briggs: Before I turn the call over to Mr. Adelson let me remind you that today’s conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under Safe Harbor provisions of federal securities laws.  The company’s actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking-statements. We see today’s press release under the caption forward-looking-statements for a discussion of the risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted proper EBITDA which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. With that let me please introduce our Chairman, Mr. Sheldon G. Adelson.
Sheldon G. Adelson:  Thanks Dan. Ladies and gentlemen I am very excited to report that Las Vegas Sands blew out the third quarter of 2010, with record EBITDA of $645 million, net revenue of $1.9 billion. Our EBITDA results were the highest in our industry since late 2006 when Las Vegas was at the very peak of this profitability. These results are part of a powerful and continuing trend which can be explained by the company’s longstanding strategic direction in combination with prudent new management and the team that Mike Leven and I have assembled and continue to build around us. Some of you may recall that at our annual shareholders meeting in June I suggested that the company might be able to reach $3 billion in EBITDA in 2011. Well it turns out I might have been wrong. Looking at our results from the first 25 days of October, our annualized run rate is now substantially in excess of $3 billion. It’s good to be wrong in that direction. So with that important clarification out of the way, let me take a few minutes to discuss the highlights for this quarter’s historic performance and some of the trends we are seeing moving into the end of October. Adjusted EBITDA reached a record 645 million for the quarter. Our EBITDA climbed by more than 73% from the beginning of June to the end of this September. The trends continues into October where we are on pace to grow an additional 31% from the September to October. Net revenue reached a record 1.9 billion in the quarter. From June to September, net revenue increased more than 8%. And from September to October, we are projecting an increase of 12%. EBITDA margin also reached a record 33.8%, up nearly 1,000 basis points from the 3.9% in the quarter last year. Adjusted diluted EPS reached $0.34, up over 1100%, that’s 11 times from $0.03 in last year’s third quarter and is the highest third quarter EPS in that company’s history. Let’s turn to Singapore where Marina Bay Sands in its first full quarter of operations generated a whopping $245 million in EBITDA and an outstanding EBITDA margin of just a 10 under 50% at 49.7% for the quarter. Both our record trending property in our company’s history. This is in spite of the fact that low hold on rolling play of 2.65% negatively impacted our revenue by approximately $20 million. These results are particularly impressive considering we are still in the very early stages in Singapore, after opening the doors just six short months ago. Let me share with you some of the exciting trends we are experiencing in Marina Bay Sands, these figures are based on a four week average comparison. Gross gaming revenue has increased to 126% since May reaching $8.4 million per day in October at an annualized run rate of 3.1 billion. Rolling volumes have increased to 182% since May to reach 116.3 million per day in October. At that rate we will roll $42 billion annually approximately. Gross gaming revenue from our mass tables and slots increased 49% since May to reach $3.2 million per day in October at an annual run rate of $1.2 billion.  Non-rolling drop increased 21% since May to $9.6 million per day in October. That’s an annual run rate of 3.5 billion. Slot handle increased 165% to reach 18.3 million per day in October, that is 6.7 billion annually. And slot win per unit per day increased 43% since May to reach $517 per unit per day so far in October. These results reflect the addition of electronic cable games which came in August and September. The annual run rate for gross slot win is approximately $350 million. Let me now provide some quick color on the Macau. I'll address the issue of EBITDA versus gross revenue in a minute, but let me first point out that our EBITDA margin and Macau reach a record 31.3%, up 310 basis points from the 28.2% in the same quarter last year. I believe that’s a result of having an integrated resort where you have other departments that are contributing to lot of the fixed and of course the variable census. Additionally, you all know the Golden Week holiday took place earlier this month. This was a strong Golden Week for Sands China as we said set two daily records for EBITDA and with a full week and still ahead of us and despite the prior week's typhoon warning, we are on pace to have a record month in October overall. We are certainly enjoying tailwinds for both Singapore and Macau at the moment. Our progress in both the Las Vegas and Bethlehem Sands should be discounted either. We are optimistic about trends in Las Vegas including momentum from our recently announced marketing alliance with InterContinental Hotel group. And in Bethlehem where table games and the completion of our hotel next spring should continue to produce increased growth revenue and EBITDA. Simply put, our business overall has never been healthier. We are growing at a significant rate while generating more cash flow than ever before. As a widely read Macau publication recently said on separate occasions and I quote, “LVS will one day still be remembered for in the quarter in which it separated from the pack and became the one”. It’s not the kind of stock you would want to put in your children’s trust fund simply because Adelson has pulled away thanks to its huge bets in Asia. For properties he already has are going to provide fantastic cash flow in the coming years for investors”. Not our words, but we couldn’t agree more. The fundamentals of this business and our basic business model have not changed and were always valuable. Our strong results reflect a successful execution of the integrated development strategy that we have aggressively pursued since we founded the company. That is the key to our growth story is the liberty of our assets. We can't possibly know how these trends will continue to develop, but we can give you a real-time look at what we are seeing right now. As a starting point for our Q&A discussion let me share my thoughts of three additional points.  First with respect of the granting of credit in Singapore. We have more than 10 years experience granting credit to Asian customers in both Las Vegas and Macau. We've been very judicious about granting credit. Notwithstanding the ramp up we've been experiencing, we are managing this very tightly and monitor it on a daily if not on hourly basis. We have been measured and prudent about granting credit. Second, a strong belief is that the appropriate measure of our financial performances EBITDA, not market share of gross revenue. For instance in Macau and Sam has given us tens of sub licenses an according to rumors MGM, Galaxy and Melco have decided to follow suit.
 : I personally think there is an over-exaggeration of the issue of gross revenue for market share, but all you are getting is 3% out of it when you are counting the entire 100% as part of your market share. What’s more important, 3% of revenues before expenses or EBITDA of more than 30%. I think that the answer is obviously. Anybody who has read the dummy’s guide to doing business knows that what really counts is the cash we are able to put in the bank. So I hope that will put an end to the market share quotations the way it has been done.
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). And your first question is from the line of Felicia Hendrix with Barclays Capital.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Good afternoon. So great quarter, Sheldon. At the beginning, you ran through a lot of impressive numbers for October, for me kind of fast. Everybody else can't speak up at this moment. So, if I missed something, I apologize. But in those numbers, you were just talking about how important EBITDA was. I was just wondering if you can give us an idea of what EBITDA was trending in October at Marina Bay Sands?
Sheldon G. Adelson: The trend of EBITDA, well I got can tell you, we don’t have that, do we have that here as a percentage?
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Not as the percentage though. Your EBITDA in the quarter was about 80 million a month, so I was just wondering how it’s turning out in October? 
Mike Leven: It’s over 20%. It’s beyond 20%.
Sheldon G. Adelson: From the end of May to the beginning of October.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Then so the margins at the property, very impressive 50%. You definitely got there faster than we expected. Where do margins go from here?
Sheldon G. Adelson: That’s a good question. We are sailing in Marina Bay since Singapore is sailing in unchartered waters and the amount we don’t see any let up in the growth, but the higher, the Paiza Club or the high-end gaming, the larger the slug of revenue from that segment the higher the percentage will be. The other day we pulled in 71% of Casino departmental profit. So the more of that, it’s tough to say, but I can’t see it going much more then 60%, but I have a very high very consistent high end of the marker return every since day to get beyond 60%. 
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital:  Just getting back to my other question as a follow-up, so it grew 20% from the end of May to October. What's the base that you're using?
Sheldon G. Adelson:  No, no, no much more what is Dan, what's the figure? Somebody came along and took my pages here. I can’t refer back to the beginning.
Daniel Briggs:  We've got a very strong October. We are holding a little heavy. We have got a very, very strong start to October, so if you look at the months in the quarter July, August and September EBITDA by property, it goes up every month from June to July, from July to August, from August to September and from September to October. Again October had a Golden week in it, it’s also got a heavier hold even after the Golden Week, so we were really enjoying the wind in our back right now, but the number is much, much higher than the number we had in September. On a percentage basis, based on what’s happening right now, it’s up 40% approximately 40% from September to October.
Sheldon G. Adelson:  EBITDA
Daniel Briggs:  EBITDA
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital:  So you won't tell us what the September EBITDA was?
Daniel Briggs: I think we have plenty of caller, Felicia.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay and then just are the rebates still at 1.2 to 1.3?
Daniel Briggs: Yes
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: Okay great Final question, on Four Seasons Macau, EBITDA margins were also a record. You obviously held well in the mass, but I was just wondering what a run rate was there.
Sheldon G. Adelson: I don’t think we have that carved out, and annual run rate of EBITDA.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays Capital: No, you had a record EBITDA margin at the Four Seasons, but you held well. Should we look at this as we model forward, or is this an anomaly?
Sheldon G. Adelson: I don’t think it’s an anomaly I think it because we had a very had a much higher percentage of high-end gaming, of high-end wind. But I see the Plaza at the Four Seasons not equaling, but starting to approach within a striking range, the number were experiencing at Sands Macao. That’s picking and we expect it to pick that more, we anticipate doing some property improvements and adding couple of amenities.
Operator: Your next question is from Janet Brashear with Sanford Bernstein
Janet Brashear - Sanford Bernstein: On the topic of Singapore, could you give us a little preview of what you see coming in the next quarter relative to the moving parts? You had a lot of moving parts, a new part to the resort open like with retail ramping up, with changing the electronic games or adding the electronic games, and increasing your occupancy. Could you talk a little bit about where you think the occupancy can go if you have more changes to the game mix, and how the retail might ramp?
Mike Leven: Basically our occupancy has been building (inaudible) favorably, our tour operator business is close to 600 rooms a night. Our MICE business is building. We expect the occupancies to grow significantly higher towards the end of the year. On the retail, we are still not completely open, all the retail with the possible exception of Louis Vuitton will be open by the end of the year and it’s starting to ramp, not as well as we would have thought in the early going because the construction is going on, but it will basically be finished so that will be a contributor in 2011 we think significantly. Our room rate is holding and going and actually heading north, it’s going up. So that's working. I think all the signs are call center, all the signs of business beyond the casino situation are starting to move forward now, pretty rapidly and I think you will see some very significant consequences to that, the theatres will open at the end of the year and the museum will open at the end of the year. So we are pretty much done with everything there except the light and water show which will probably open in February and now we just have celebrity chefs open the end of this month, the roof top restaurant opens at the end of this month and the only significant delay in anything is the health club and the spa and that will take place some time in the early part of ‘11. So all of these income generating areas will pretty much be done by the time we head into ‘11 and some of them would have already ramped. So we expect a bigger contribution in 2011 from the rest of the property.
Janet Brashear - Sanford Bernstein:  Could you also give us a little update on Lots Five and Six and Macau on things like have you been able to resolve all the prior contracts from when you shut down and restarted? How is the labor situation coming along? What sorts of expenses are you incurring as an additive expense now that the work is not going quite at the pace you would like? Maybe a little bit about when you expect Galaxy to open and the impact on the whole market, not necessarily the Venetian, but maybe the Peninsula as well.
Mike Leven:  The latest commentary on Galaxy is June. What we are hearing, we have no definitive word out about that. As far as that we are concerned, we are still on our target, our budget has remained the same. Yes, there will be a couple months delay. We are still looking at the end of the last quarter, we’ve 11 to open a Phase 1, however in the next 30 days we should know pretty well whether we can make that particular situation depending upon the amount of available employees. We have gotten indications that were going to get the numbers we need. But until we actually see them, we can’t give a definitive answer as to the exact date it will open. All the contract situations have been basically resolved, the contracts are out to the sub-contractors, everything is ready to go. All the design work is pretty much done. Our material is being ordered and as soon as we get the, move our construction work force from where it is to where it has to be to get everything done, we will be able to get give you that definitive date but I would say by the end of this year we will have much more definitive date on five and six. The every indication in the press and from the government says that the problem should be solved. But until it is solved we just kind of plugging along with our plans, but the contracts that you asked, but were all taken care of this year. There should be no surprises there at all.
Janet Brashear - Sanford Bernstein: Finally, could you just comment a little on Sands Macao? If there's any property that didn't perhaps hit the ball quite as far out of the park as every other one, it would be Sands Macao. Where do you see that property trending now? When Sheldon mentioned earlier some improvements, was he talking about Sands Macao?
Mike Leven: Actually improvements that Sheldon was talking about were in the Plaza and the Four Seasons. We were putting in some high limit areas which have been very good for that particular casino. And we’ve also done some more junket work in the Four Seasons and the Plaza Casino. So those things are starting to ramp up. In the Sands, as many of you know we are doing the Playboy situation in the roof top area. We put some private gaming rooms in there with that. I think the Sands Macao we really sort of look at as the cash cow in Macau. Remember that the most amount of competition that’s there in Macau really affects the Sands which is located on the Peninsula. So we work very hard with our business mix there and we are not looking for enormous hops in growth. We are looking for really stability and I think that’s what you saw happen in this quarter.
Sheldon G. Adelson: We are still growing. I am looking at the members who are still growing not as dramatically as there are other properties but we are still growing and bear in mind that most of the competition is on the Peninsula. And just totaling our own when there is more capacity, it dropped into the market periodically just totaling our own is that accomplishment but we are actually increasing. Also another point I want to bare in mind back in 2005 we announced that we paid up the entire cost of the property. So we are providing an infinite return, so every nickel we make there is a nickel is without an investment. Let me talk about billion, every billion we make is without an investment.
Operator:  Your next question comes is from Mark Strawn with Morgan Stanley.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley: Just one quick question on Singapore. As you look at your customers today, do you have a rough breakdown of the customer mix between locals and foreign markets and which maybe foreign markets you could target more heavily going forward?
Sheldon G. Adelson:  Well, I tell you, you know that foreign market is a moving target. I'll tell you that I watch that every single day but I only have access to the top 20 what we call the hit sheet. The top 10 winners, top ten losers and the average number of countries that are represented and those 20 customers are eight to nine different countries. We get countries from all over the Pacific, from Laos and Cambodia and Myanmar. Let me get back to the beginning and say that our primary markets are Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia. We are building up steady stream of business from Korea, from Japan and outside of the area Hong Kong is our biggest contributor. China is let me say equally as strong. So we get a lot of business from China, but we are very cautious about granting credit only to people that we know. So it’s just a whole potpourri of countries that are represented, I have ordered a percentage of total business, a breakdown by country. So we will see some sort of an analysis. But I got to tell you, as far as the top ten winners or losers it comes from a wide variety and I personally curious about it. I watch this every single day and I can look at it and sometimes we have as little as four people from Singapore, sometimes as many as 12 or 14 out of the 20. One day last week I saw, mid week only four countries represented, but it’s going out, we get from Bangladesh, we get from India, from Thailand, from the Indo-Chinese countries, Vietnam, we got from Philippines, New Zealand Australia, couple from the USA, but we are going to do an analysis of that. We will probably be publish that, but I personally see it as a very promising sign, because when you penetrate of the haves as opposed to the have-nots in a place like Bangladesh all have to know each other and people say, they enjoyed their stay, their trip. Well then I get a lot more people from outside Bangladesh and so we will have a steady solid stream of business, from each of those countries and is an awful lot.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley: One follow-up if I may, perhaps a question for Mike. As you look at operating expenses at Marina Bay Sands, would you say you're pretty much fully staffed at this point without a lot of incremental labor coming on?
Mike Leven: We actually have been understaffed Mark from the original target, original target was about 8400 people. We ran below that for the first number of months just in terms of on boarding people, we couldn’t find enough of them. So our present payroll levels will probably increase closer to that 8400 level and then we have additional employees coming on with the theaters and the retail stores and the museum, et cetera. All of which will come according to plan. So we don't expect that there would be any enormity in the payroll increases compared to what we expected from the beginning, but you will have some slight increases to what we've been running now. And we watched that very carefully and continue to watch that very carefully. We also get requests from the Casino Regulatory Commission for certain audits and things like that that keep coming in that require additional people and we are working, we do that as well, but I don't think you will see any enormous surprise in terms of payroll costs.
Operator: Your next question is from David Katz with Jefferies.
David Katz - Jefferies: I wanted to ask about Singapore, if I may? Noticing that the occupancy in the hotel is still what I guess we should consider at the formative stages, how should we think about a fuller or a higher occupancy and how that translates into casino revenue once you get there? In the context of what we've seen so far appears to be clearly stronger than what we had and my guess is stronger than what many people had been forecasting so far?
Mike Leven: David I think you will see that in the growth in the mass market play. The numbers that we talked about before on the per day actualities for the mass market. We expected those, that those numbers will increase as the participation in the hotel increases. Our venture will get a tracking for the out of town or the foreign visitors from the hotel and what they are doing if they get carded, in other words if they get monitored in the Casino. But we haven’t done that yet, but that’s your metric that you will watch, because there is only so much mass market that can come from the Singapore environment itself. And so as the hotel fills and gets more interesting business from MICE et cetera. Things like we have a big Indian promotion going on in January to open that market more viably for us.  I think that is the measure that you will see. Slot play and mass drop will be the ones.
David Katz - Jefferies:  On Las Vegas, one of the things I observe is a potential I believe expansion of McCarran at some point out in the future. I admit to not knowing a heck of a lot about how those expansions get filled up with air capacity. Looking at that as a potential driver of some recovery in Las Vegas, what can you help us with in terms of how that rolls and what you might know about an expansion at the airport, increased capacity at the airport, and just thinking about a Las Vegas recovery longer-term?
Mike Leven:  The airport is expanding with an additional runway, but it doesn’t really do as much good because unless you get more lift into Las Vegas, US Air and South West and whatever have cut back some of their lift into Vegas which has caused I believe something like 800,000 less passengers this year coming into the airport. That drop is really because no seats are available. Most of the planes that come in here have very high load factors and they are very profitable for the airlines, but they sort of left us out in the cold. There are couple of things that are happening that I see, our Korean Air is coming in here now. There is a couple of other foreign carriers that have come in, BA and Virgin and what have you that are dropping some people in here, but at the end of the day, to have a significant recovery for Vegas in terms of the totality of the market, we need more lift in here because the drive traffic is pretty stable as well. And California does siphon off a little bit of that drive track with their own entertainment casino facilities. So lift is the single most important thing in terms of that. McCarran can handle more traffic. It’s just a question of getting more planes in it.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan:  At Marina Bay Sands, do you have any more space to add more slot or table gaming capacity? Do you feel that your capacity is constrained at all right now?
Sheldon G. Adelson: We do have capacity, we can find more room. Well we do have capacity, we are ready to do something. There is a possibility of some additional GFA to be connected to the hotel, but I really can’t say much about that now. If we are going to expand right now with what we have, we are doing an analysis of the availability of the number of private gaming rooms. So we are looking ahead and we do have some space to put that. I think we are okay in the mass market, and I think we have enough capacity, but I think the high end as it grows, it’s pushing 60% of the total gaming income. It's like 57 to 60% of the gaming income and that keeps improving, keeps increasing. So I think that what we are going to focus on first is more private gaming. So in private gaming, one bet can equal all the bets that are around the table in the mass gaming floor for that minute. So there is a lot of upside potential at the high end, we are going to focus on making sure we have enough private gaming rooms. 
Joe Greff - JPMorgan:  Thank you. I was hoping you can maybe give us some sort of status update on commercial gaming in Japan. I believe, a few weeks ago, there were some delegates from the government visiting in Las Vegas. Then I have a follow-up question.
Sheldon G. Adelson:  The status of the Japan well as I mentioned before there was an inter-party gambling study group put together. It appears to me and we have been told there is a draft of legislation we've contributed to that, we've commented on that and it’s moving forward. They say that it should come through by the end of the six months session starting I think in either January or February coming up and that within six months the legislation and all the companion legislation. You know they have to modify other laws such an anti-gaming law to make it legal to allow gaming, so there are number of a companion measures that have to be done. They say that should be done by the end of June and if it’s done by the end June, we are talking about going into July, going into the next session of the legislature will be the first half of 2012 during which it will have already been put over to, transferred to the prefectures and the prefectures will setup their own procedures and selection of operators should be made sometime. It could happen soon, but they are talking more conservatively about first half of 2012.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: Sheldon, you started out this call by talking about how, in the first 25 days of October, you are already run-rating at your old $3 billion 2011 EBITDA. (multiple speakers)
Sheldon G. Adelson: Can you imagine that Joe, I was wrong.
Joe Greff - JPMorgan: Let me give you a chance to correct yourself and establish a new target. What is that new target now?
Sheldon G. Adelson: I got myself into so much trouble. I blurbed it out during the shareholders meeting and I got into so much trouble. The attorney said why did you do that? Mike might carried on a lot of one on ones by the end of the day and they said that’s all they ask, but about the 1 billion in Singapore and 3 billion, and Rob is telling me I have to step up to the plate and admit that I was wrong. I had to admit that I was wrong and that I was much too conservative and that’s certainly is not my reputation, so I had to correct it, so I certainly didn't want to lose my reputation so we just had to do more than what I expected.
Operator: Your next question is from Robin Farley with UBS. 
Robin Farley - UBS: I wonder if you could give us some color around receivables, and that as a percent of specifically casino receivables in both Singapore and Macau.
Ken Kay:  As Sheldon mentioned in the prepared remarks, we’ve been very careful with regard to the extension of credit in Singapore and as with the rest of our operations when we established reserves against receivables balances, we go account by account and work with marketing people, the collection people and the finance people to determine the appropriate balance. So as a just overall statement I think we are very conservatively stated, relatively to our receivable balances. And if you look at Macau, we've got reserve or allowance for question about 42% against the gross casino accounts in total. And if you take a look at that kind of the immediate collections that come right after the end of the quarter, it’s almost 48%. In Singapore obviously we are just getting started with regard to kind of the extension of credit and balances. We've got about a couple of hundred million dollars of receivables outstanding and we've got about 12% reserve against that and no significant issues to really report. So we've gone through the vast majority of the accounts and feel that they are all adequately stated with the modest amount of reserves that we have and actually interesting enough we've had some kind of long outstanding balances that we are starting to see collections come in on those in the fourth quarter and the accounts that haven’t paid for some time and so we are doing actually better than what we expected. 
Robin Farley - UBS: Just to clarify, did you say 42% reserved in Macau, but 12% in Singapore? I just want to make sure I got those numbers right.
Mike Leven:  That’s correct and as Singapore, it is about 12% against the gross receivables, continuously outstanding. 
Ken Kay: Obviously that Casino balance Rob and is much pressured and there is nothing old so to speak of (inaudible).
Robin Farley - UBS:  The last question is just do you have any thoughts on the timing of junket operators getting approved in Singapore, and I don't know whether how important that is here now, but just your thoughts on that and timing of that?
Sheldon G. Adelson:  Robin, what was that word, the training of junket operators?
Robin Farley - UBS:  Your government approval in Singapore?
Sheldon G. Adelson:  My position hasn’t changed we will seriously consider doing business with junket rep, but I am still of the opinion that either they are not going to fully apply or they are not going to be if they fully apply. Only the ones were they, I would think that only ones with no track record would pass. And if they did pass they won’t have enough business to really add a lot of value to the junket rep mainstream of customers coming in.  We keep finding little things that happen, one guy will send in a lot of money for the benefit of several other people. And we cut that off as soon as we have seen that, we are not going to take any steps whatsoever that can be directly, indirectly, remotely or overtly through junket reps, because it’s disallowed. We are erring on this side of following the casino regulatory authority rules. We are not sure, that our competitor is doing this. There is a great amount of curiously about, this seems to be the best, the worst kept secret that (inaudible) is doing business with junket reps. Now they have been doing business with junket reps for decades and I am not sure that they know, they have any experience with the credit markets and they certainly want to, they find it a lot easy to deal with the junket reps. But as I said before and I will say it again, I don’t believe they are going to provide the information that the government will require and if they do, they will either not be the kind of junket reps that are the Macau style junket reps that provide a collective credit, They will just be referring for a limited commission or cap on this commission. So I don’t think the junket reps are going to be a major fact, but they want very much to be there. And if they are going to really work seriously consider doing business with them, but so far we are doing quite well without them.
Operator: Your next question is from Larry Klatzkin with Chapdelaine.
Larry Klatzkin - Chapdelaine:  Couple of quick questions, one, our Four Seasons apartment sales any update on that or a status of when you might get that money in?
Sheldon G. Adelson: I don’t want to stand like a broken record, but we are hopeful that we can immediately receive the approval. If you read the newspapers, you read the clippings, we have a clipping service. If you read that and you believe it we are about to get it. 
Larry Klatzkin - Chapdelaine: I hope that's the case. You could bring in as much as, what, $1 billion with all the apartments being sold?
Sheldon G. Adelson: At the number we are looking at, it could be a size of 1.4 billion 
Larry Klatzkin - Chapdelaine: Okay. Rob, as far as convention bookings for Vegas goes, I know Vegas is the boring area at this point. But how is it looking for 2011? Are you still booking over $200 a night on what you are seeing?
Rob Goldstein:  To a group cycle, Larry?
Larry Klatzkin - Chapdelaine: Yes, for groups, forward booking.
Rob Goldstein: Groups are strong and the main trends are good for the group cycle and unfortunately the ADRs are lagging, we are split probably in the 180, 190 range, but we are not getting to 200 plus. So it’s not happening. Demand is there on (inaudible) all competition in that segment, every segment of Las Vegas. So we expect that we hit our numbers as for as our percentage of our segmentation, but I don’t think rates will be, they will not reach 200 plus million.
Sheldon G. Adelson:  And as an indication we are straddling 200 in October. One of the two properties is 201, one is 199, so we are straddling an average of $200. The InterContinental deal with 102 million customers, they have got thousand of sales people out in the field and the biggest venue that they bidding us for is Las Vegas with no property here to fill it. So we've signed a deal with them, we just announced it a couple of days ago. I think it’s difficult to add a lot of numbers to it, but I am quite convinced and so is Mike that this will be the difference between lower occupancy and a full occupancy. No hotel company goes out for the big groups we do. It will chase five or10000 person or 15000 groups, we can almost handle that in house, you know without leaving the building, when other properties need a while city full of hotel to accommodate that. So InterContinental is going to be a big push up in trust and I think it’s going to have a positive effect on us.
Larry Klatzkin - Chapdelaine: All right Are you guys still feeling better about Las Vegas in 2011?
Sheldon G. Adelson: I think we have mixed feelings.
Rob Goldstein: Let’s not get too emotional about Las Vegas, it’s still a struggle, when group segment rates, is still up to $200 and there is lots of, working with the partner nothing, your numbers are numbers, they haven’t been all that (inaudible) move back to a better place, but I wouldn’t expect huge numbers of anyone in this thing.
Sheldon G. Adelson: I know that sounds contradictory considering the reputation of my relationship with Steve Wynn, but I am hoping that Steve Wynn who is great at creating a mystique about an opening I hope he opens up with no property, that will give Las Vegas the push 
Larry Klatzkin - Chapdelaine: I know China currency chance of moving Singapore's full amount of currency, what does that mean for you guys and what are you hoping for?
Mike Leven: I would say that everything we read, it helps right now by the weaker dollar and the stronger Singapore Dollar and as far the China currency is concerned, we are also helped there as well, so I don’t think anybody really knows you can read everyday, you are more into than we are in terms of currency management, but right now we are in a very favorable situation with the money that comes in Singapore dollars and the money in the Chinese currency. So I don't expect any negative surprises in there, it should be all positive for us in 2011.
Operator: And your next question is from Rachael Rothman with SIG.
Rachel Rothman - SIG: I think you guys were talking a bit about the Las Vegas environment. Can you talk a little bit about the promotional environment on the casino side and whether or not you expect to see or how you would characterize the change in the market that you would expect to see from the opening of Cosmopolitan and maybe any changes in your marketing or promotional strategy around that as well?
Mike Leven: Well it is a very intense promotional market in Las Vegas for last 24 months due to the downturn in cash demand segment. More people are giving away more things to casino customers (inaudible) our table and that continues as we speak today. In addition obviously the cash segment is very competitive as you saw with the LTAs, I think the recent trip offers you are seeing personally, but I think it’s no surprise that Las Vegas is competitive on the cash rate side and due to the lack of demand that makes it more competitive on the comp rate side and additional offers. We've cut back, we continue to rethink our offers and how aggressive we want to be in sales marketing. The town is still aggressive. I don't know how Cosmo, I have no idea how that will play out. So it can be helpful obviously, doing more capacity in a already difficult market can’t be a positive for the market. How big and negative I just don't know but I think that you are going to see in 2011, that continuous promotional landscape in the casino segment because the cash side is not holding up strong, so more people turn to spot and tail marketing as a way to fill rooms. We try to cut back and we try to play to our peer group which we think is Wynn and Bellagio and the better hotel casinos that we felt can offer you products. But we are getting competitive by anyone’s definition, a lot more so than it was in 2008. And I don’t know how that gets any better with additional capacity. It’s going to get worse in my opinion.
Rachel Rothman - SIG:  On the gaming side, is it getting more promotional? Are more promotional chips being offered, or is it just predominantly on the room rate side?
Mike Leven:  No I think it is on gaming side as well because of lack of men in cash segment people are looking to fill the rooms up right, so they are going to look for the gaming side and dropped your requirements for complementary rooms and discounted rooms and promotional giveaways, the tournaments, et cetera. There are a lot most we got there at all segments on the casino side as alternatives that we cash market. So I think if anything has gotten worse and this summer was difficult summer promotions and the competition is fierce.
Rachel Rothman - SIG:  So as we think about modeling next year in gaming revenue, would the pace of promotions have an impact on what we should think as the theoretical hold and would it be lower than it had been historically because of the increased promotional environment?
Rob Goldstein:  I don’t think it holds impact by the way. On the table games side, it is not a hold issue nor or the slot machines as far as promotion giveaways. We are going to cut back on offers and be more judicious I think and hope that we can grow more business on room and in cash segments. We are hoping InterContinental deals, we are hoping better OTA approach and also the strong group business.  But all set on the promotional side, as Sheldon alluded to early in call, he alluded to the difficulties of chasing market share and I think that’s part of the problem. As you chase market share, the margins flip and this adds more pressure. So this probably will reduce our gaming losses and keep our revenues there. On the table game side, honestly it's driven primarily by Asian business anyway. Our high-end business gets more important everyday towards as a mix, percentage mix on the table game side. On the slot side we are going to reduce our offer somewhat and be more judicious and hope to flow more into the cash side.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Personally I am reverse to this kind of promotion and I think that this is the time we can convert that into other paying customers rather than giving too many of these giveaway packages. I think that it diminishes our brand and I don’t think it does much for us except put people in rooms. I remember Steve Wynn, our friend, said that he decided to try to fill up his room. So, he said but every time people who stayed in his room, they went to down to the bars and to the restaurants and they got sticker shock. And they went over to other places where they’ve previously been, the lower end place, the budget places and bought their food and did their playing over there. So I unusually so agree with him and I think it doesn’t really do and spend much good. I’ve cut it down to 15% and I am now probably today, tomorrow going to cut it down to a maximum of 10% and there is got to be certain high limit. There’s got to be certain higher threshold for anybody to qualify.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Cameron McKnight with Buckingham Research.
Cameron McKnight - Buckingham Research:  Good afternoon and thanks. Sheldon, on Japan, do you have any sense of what the market structure that could be on the table may look like?
Sheldon G. Adelson:  10, the market structure. 
Rob Goldstein:  In Japan what the market structure might look like.
Sheldon G. Adelson: In what respect.
Cameron McKnight - Buckingham Research Group: In terms of number of concessionaires, whether a partner would be required, tax rate.
Sheldon G. Adelson:  Right now they were talking about three, but now they are focusing on two, Tokyo and Osaka. We believe that we've got our leg up because, number one I know that everybody was talking about another competitor of us had $1.2 million of free cash. I would like to say we have 3.2 billion in cash and excess were up to 6 billion. So we could do almost anything buy any company, go develop any properties. We are considered the leading contender because of the integrated resort model, both Macau and Singapore in that part of the world. And we are very, very excited about Japan. I keep going there every few weeks and meeting with the decision makers. And we are also focusing on Korea. I might say that while we are talking right now one of our development people has just finished a few days in Korea and he is flying to a gaming investment meeting in Japan and Tokyo. So we are very optimistic. You know, they have Pachinko parlors there, but they don't want to recognize that those are really casinos. And they have other forms of gaming like a boat racing, horse racing , I believe football betting, soccer betting and lotteries. So it’s not as though they aren’t familiar with wagering, they are quire familiar with wagering. They still have about 12 or 13000 pachinko parlors and most of those are like what we could call slot parlors.
Operator: And you next question is from John Ou with Alpha
John Ou - Alpha: You have an additional six months of data points on Singapore. Could you share with us what is your renewed expectations on the market side? Also, I guess for argument's sake as well, what is your view on your revenue share going forward? I know your focus is on EBITDA, but just for argument's sake, where do you think…
Sheldon G. Adelson: Market share in terms of gross revenue or money we can put in the bank
John Ou - Alpha: Gross revenue
Sheldon G. Adelson: It’s tough to say, but I think our market share will be at least equal. We are focusing on the high end on the market, I believe more so than what Kenting is, Kenting is doing a very good job at the mass end by the way, but it’s just not experience in granting credit and they really want junket reps and they are sponsoring a number of them. As I said earlier it’s difficult to say, I don’t want to my foot in my mouth and get into the trouble, about the future it is true that I am seeing the upside potential for us for more than 3 billion and that was only in 2011, so when we move to 2012 I see that with the major contribution from Singapore we could be hitting 2 billion in 2012 in Singapore. So it’s very difficult to say, as I said earlier we are sailing in uncharted waters. I personally believe that we have little baskets of the whole cornucopia of the perspective players coming from many, many different countries and we are not going to be affected like somebody mentioned currency I think before. They are dealing in so many currencies that I don't think if China really loosens up their currency or tightens up their currency that they would allow it to float. I don't think it’s going to have much meaning. It will have a big meaning in Macau and of course we are all in favor of that, but I don't think it’s going to have much of a meaning in Singapore because the business comes from too many countries.
John Ou : My other question was on your rebate and commissions. I notice that, for the third quarter, it worked out to be about 1.3%. Have we seen any trends at least in October? Again, what are your expectations going forward on that? Do you see that going up?
Mike Leven: No.
Sheldon Adelson: We hope so, we want to try to get it down. That includes the comps and a lot of those comps have to be spent with us. So we get part of it back. It’s one tenth of 1% comps, but I don't think it’s an average of 1.3. I think it’s somewhat substantially less than that. Rob, have you focused on that.
Rob Goldstein : It’s correct.
Sheldon Adelson: It’s correct.
Rob Goldstein: 1.3.
Sheldon Adelson: 1.3, just on the high end.
Rob Goldstein : We are all seeing the market growth to answer your question on any growth in that. It seems to be that Kenting Europe, there is a heavy raise in commissions. 
Sheldon G. Adelson: We only anticipated commission war between us and Kenting. And if we do we intend to lose.
John Ou - Alpha:  All right. Just my final question, just on the mass market, could you give us some color on the average daily foot traffic, if you have that number, and also roughly what is the percentage of local Singapore as your business, either from a foot traffic percentage or even from a revenue percentage, if you can just break that down for us?
Rob Goldstein:  Towards the percentage of Singapore and (inaudible) casino is about 38%.
Sheldon G. Adelson:  38% and we are averaging about 22 to 24,000 people a day. Am I correct there Dan? Yes, Dan put some box shots in front of me and took my attention away but I recollect of we are under 25. Well movie most recent moving full week period is 25000 people.
John Ou - Alpha:  Okay, what about the percentage of revenue coming from the local market? 
Sheldon G. Adelson:  38%.
Rob Goldstein:  The percent of revenue by first and we don’t, we don’t have at this time between Singapore and the non-Singaporean in the math. That maybe something we can get in the future, but today we don’t have any of that.
Sheldon G. Adelson:  It’s interesting we are getting two thirds of attendance from the non-Singaporean. So they are coming from somewhere. I would suspect that we are getting there a 36 or 38000 hotel rooms, and they are pretty good hotels in, there are no club houses that I know of in Singapore, they are all pretty good, a lot of brand, international brandings. They and then some of them have multiple hotels. I think that we get a lot of those people that come over by cab or any other way from these other properties because almost two third of the attendance are coming far end. And we are not brining in a lot of the far ends from Malaysia. Now they could be coming to us, but we still don’t have a lot of that, but we have some buses, but not that many up and running. So I think we are getting a lot and we will be getting more and more turn there. In January I believe we have the V Oscar equivalent awards from India, January 14th and if we have that and really when we had the IFA the Indian International, IIFA whatever. The equivalent, another equivalent. They have three or four Oscar type award programs. Zee is one of them. We are getting Zee, we’ll get tremendous publicity all over India, I think that will be a big boost for India.
John Ou - Alpha: Thinking ahead, how should I be thinking about what you're going to be doing with the cash that you'll be generating out of Singapore? It seems like, at the rate that EBITDA is chalking up, it's going to be very good. Will you be looking to speed up the debt repayment, or would you be looking at potentially, say, paying a special dividend at some point back to the parent company? Could you share with us, may be looking forward, what would you do?
Sheldon G. Adelson: We will do one from each call. We’ll look to pass our debt, bear in mind that our retail is ramping up. If and when it ramps to the point I say when really. It ramps at a point we expect it to, we could sell that and get more money than what we need to pay off all the financing. So as far as I am concerned in my own mind, we are all but paid off, it’s all over, but they are shouting about having the capacity to pay it off and at a billion-plus in EBITDA there is a lot of cash flow they could pay off in just in very short period of time, 3.5 billion. By the way we always talk in US dollars, we are not talking in local currency. 
Operator:  Your next question is from the line Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka - Deutsche Bank:  Hey, good afternoon guys. I don't think anyone asked about the margins of Venetian in Macau. Is there any kind of notional limit there or target you have? You set another record this quarter. Just kind of thinking going forward what are some of the expense issues and where can that go with similar levels of gaming growth?
Sheldon G. Adelson:  Listen, we resigned ourselves to dealing with the junket reps. We have good relationship with them. I had lunch with several of them. It is okay. They are doing a good job in Macau and that’s where we are at, but problem that we have is that [SJ] and it’s rumored that MGM is going to do it. They are going to start leasing out just to get the high end, the top line market share that they are going to give out 3% of the gross income for the sub licenses. Well that’s amazing and people are talking about whether conjunctionally or factually or whatever they are talking about gross income. What the heck does the gross income means when you all you have taken is 3% out of the gross income. I don’t know how far we can get, bear in the mind they are still talking about the possibility of the government lowering the tax rate in Macau and as Singapore gets goes up, I could say there is business coming, a lot of business coming from Hong Kong and China. You know they are not the dominant countries, Malaysia and Indonesia are the dominant countries and Singapore, but as Singapore does more and more business and it’s all over the clippings that it is projected now by 2012 that we will pass our Las Vegas trip in terms of gross income, in terms of revenue. So in Macau, because of the tax rate I don’t know how much higher we can get, but I mean just take, seat-of-the-pant’s estimate I don think we surpass 38 or 40%. Do you Rob, Mike do you think so. No I don’t think so. We’d have to really, really, although we have set several records in October, Golden Week, our moving average is about where it should it be. Some months will have a high end number, sometime a higher whole number, some months the lower whole number at a moving average just the way it should be. So I don’t where we want to go on EBITDA margin. Like we said we are doing the best we can. We are trying to reduce expenses not only in total number of employees, we are trying to reduce outside expenses. We are just about a hiring a new General Counsel over there extraordinarily so we can keep some of our Hong Kong legal expenses down. We are taking every step we can to get our customer.
Operator: Your next question is from David Bain with Sterne Agee.
David Bain - Sterne Agee: On Singapore, can you give us a sense as to what percentage of room nights in '11 and '12 may be MICE? If you could also maybe an idea of weekday occupancy versus weekend at MBS?
Mike Leven: We will be in the high 90s or mid to high 90s on weekends in MBS relying those occupancies now. Hopefully mid-week occupancy would get into the 80s at least in 2011 better than that perhaps in 2012 because of the MICE ramp up. I don't have the MICE roommate situation for 2011 and 2012 in front of me at the moment, but our expectation is that we should be building up to roughly 300,000 roommates a year on MICE business. As we get ramped up probably 2012, we will get that, probably we will be lower than that in 2011. The forward bookings are we are only starting to really get the credibility now and if you split the building up into various segments, your tour business should be in the 700s, MICE business in the 1000s and then you've got 400 to 500 casino businesses and the rest is transient. I mean that's basically an overall look at it. And that's our target to get to an occupancy that runs in the 90s. 2012 will be a very interesting year because I think 2012 is where the retail business will really start to move dramatically because the subway system will open that runs right into the retail area. We are working on some other transportation mechanisms now to get people in there to drive that up as well. So I think by the time 2012 we should be in a situation where you are getting maximum out of the total facility not counting the casino of course which will continue to grow.
David Bain - Sterne Agee: Then just two more, one on the metrics in October, given very strong for Singapore, obviously. I know there's no official Golden Week in Singapore, but did you see an unusual increase in the IP volume maybe from mainland China? Has there been any falloff since a holiday ended?
Mike Leven: We did get significantly more play in the Golden Week period. I can’t tell you for sure whether it’s the Mainland China, but it was a better play, but October has been very strong all the way through, but not quite as strong as those two or three days. Those two or three days, due to the same days in Macau was still off the chart in terms of room as well as mass. But we have had very steady play all the way through October.
David Bain - Sterne Agee: We saw kind of the visitation volume and percentage year-over-year in Macau. It dipped in September. I know the revenue is good, so the quality of customer must have been good. But I'm just trying to figure that out. I mean, I know Moon Festival fell into September versus last year it didn't. Maybe that's a family holiday. I know it's back-to-school season. But is there anything you guys have seen or something to look out for going forward in visitation?
Mike Leven: I saw that number yesterday about the September drop in visitation if it dropped we didn’t really feel it. I mean we had a very good September and I don’t remember what last September really was about. I think often times there is a drop before Golden Week, people don’t come in they wait for the Golden Week period to come in which is in October obviously. I looked at it, it was a strange number to me. I didn’t hear anything from our people over there nor had we discussed it here because frankly the business was so good we didn’t really pay much attention to that.
David Bain - Sterne Agee: And then I'm sure just looking at where you guys were in terms of room rates, October visitation looks like it was back to normal form in a way.
Mike Leven: So far. We still have five days ago.
Sheldon G. Adelson: I think you were right on Singapore not having more than official Chinese New Year, but we did get an increase in business over that period and we did get a number of customers from China but not as the same percentage of Macau. However, is very good and we have no complaints about it.
Operator: And your next question is from Dennis Forst with KeyBanc.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: I wanted you to ask Ken for capitalized interest in the quarter and what is it going to look like going forward?
Ken Kay: Call me and I can give you the specifics on that. I don’t have that in front of me but I can walk you through that.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc:  Then next same thing on depreciation, I noticed that the Marina Bay Sands depreciation in the quarter was about $45 million. That was well below what I thought it would be, given the size of the project. Is that a fair number going forward or is there going to be some adjustments by the end of the year?
Ken Kay: No. That should be reflective of a full quarter of depreciation, and I would think as the continued construction spend takes place and we’ve got probably another $250 million spend through the end of this year to about $600 million of retainage payment that will go through next year. We will see that number creep up based upon the total capitalized costs.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Okay, but it's not going to go up hugely from here? That is pretty much hit on the first, $5 billion of investment?
Ken Kay:  Well a little bit less then that, but yes. 
Sheldon G. Adelson: We cannot depreciate close to a million dollars of land. If we have a flood, we could lose [7k]
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: At the Marina Bay, what was the number of Rolling tables and Non-Rolling tables? If you could break those down?
Sheldon G. Adelson:  We’ve get about a 110 versus over 500, so it’s about 1/6th of the total table count
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Okay. And then Sheldon, can you clarify at the beginning you were talking very fast about how strong October was in the Marina Bay Sands. EBITDA growth rate or EBITDA in dollars is running what right now?
Sheldon G. Adelson: We are at just about 50% EBITDA margin. Growth of September to October I think I said I said 21% from September to October.
Rob Goldstein: The number that missed out were the gross gaming revenue at Marina Bay Sands was up a 126% since May reaching $8.4 million per day in October, and that’s an annualized rate of $3.1 billion. 
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Okay, 8.3 per day.
Rob Goldstein:  8.4 per day, $3.1 billion annualized.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Okay. Then I got the roll and the mass Wynn, the Handle, On Las Vegas, Rob said that the room rate next year is going to be in the $180, $190 range. Is that up from this year? What does the group side look this year in terms of rate?
Sheldon G. Adelson: About flat, give or take it’s not that moving away. There is no much moving in the whole group of segment 12 months and (inaudible) 12 months?
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: So somewhere around $180 for '09, '10 and 2011?
Rob Goldstein: I can’t speak of 2009, but 2010 and 2011 we will be 18 and 190.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Not overall, just the group segment.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Also, Rob, the second-quarter call, you mentioned that retail sales I think the Canal Shoppes in June were up 56% above June of '09. Can you give us an idea of how that business was in the third quarter?
Rob Goldstein: I didn’t refer that we don’t own them all.
Sheldon G. Adelson: I think he is referring to Macau.
Ken Kay: This is something that just Mike actually said in the last call. We are talking about June in Macau, the grand Canal Shoppes.
Rob Goldstein: Are you in Macau Dennis or are you here?
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: No Macau.
Mike Even: Yeah weekend rate in Macau are in up. In fact we are basically pretty close to signing an increase in our retail space from DSS in the Four Seasons mall for another I think it’s 50,000 feet. Because sales are very brisk they are up considerably Macau. We did change some of our rental percentages and rental situations during the drop in Macau a year or two ago, but now it started to come back pretty strongly for us.
Sheldon G. Adelson: In the third quarter.
Rob Goldstein: Just quarter-over-quarter basis the annualized sales per square foot are up about 25%.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Third quarter year-over-year.
Ken Kay: Yes.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Then what about the direct VIP business in Macau? What percentage of your role is from direct play?
Ken Kay: It's about a quarter? A third? What is it? Round the same as the last quarter.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Okay. And which is about 25…
Sheldon G. Adelson: This is a process that a former CEO did, that's Steve Jacobs. We are not in agreement with that. We believe that junket reps own the market in Macau. It diminishes our relationship and the value of our relationship with the junket reps. So we are not proactively looking for direct business and we still don't know how much it cost us in credit defaults et cetera., et cetera. Clearly there's a lot more churning business in Macau from Mainland China, than there is in Singapore. So it's more precarious for us to issue credit to China. And unlimited amount of credit to China so I think we are going to keep, we are hoping to keep the direct business where it is. I think it’s somewhere between about 25% to 30% and we are going to try to keep it even at that.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Okay, last question, the Wynn percentage in Las Vegas was a pretty similar between the Venetian and the Palazzo.
Rob Goldstein: Cumulatively you see the numbers were 17.1 and it cost us [$90] million. 
Ken Kay: We don’t present them together.
Rob Goldstein: We present them unified and obviously if you look at the volume play in Las Vegas will be recipient of a lot of help from our casinos in Asia. Unfortunately plain lucky about 4.5 points against norm. So it cost us $19 million. It doesn’t really matter unless you lose table (inaudible) playing in the Venetian Plaza, we treat them equally.
Ken Kay: And the capitalized interest numbers are around $32 million for this quarter.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Okay and is it going up, Ken?
Ken Kay: It will go up because of the construction of Macau.
Dennis Forst - KeyBanc: Yes. So it will go up probably right through the fourth quarter of next year?
Ken Kay: Correct.
Operator: At this time I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Mike Leven, President of Las Vegas Sands.
Mike Even: Thank you operator and thanks to all of you again for your questions and your interest today. Just a couple of quick comments from me before I turn it back to Sheldon for final thoughts. First I want to mention that the focus on our cost control and efficiency that we emphasize over the last two years continues in the future. You can be certain we will continue to watch our cost as we go forward even as we turn attention increasingly towards revenue growth in all of our outlets. Secondly I want all to know that we have been working very hard over the last two years to broaden and deepen the management team and to build the right management infrastructure that will allow the company to make prudent management decisions and to achieve even greater levels of performance in the years ahead. We want to prepare ourselves to repeat our common success in additional emerging gaming jurisdictions. Now let me turn it over to Sheldon for final thoughts.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Thanks Mike, we just completed another outstanding quarter generating record revenues and EBITDA in Macau and outstanding first full quarter of operations from Marina Bay Sands in Singapore and record revenues and EBITDA for the company overall. From my perspective, our operations are in outstanding shape and we have clearly as the Macau Publication stated separated our sales from the pack. We have never in the history of our company been in better position to deliver strong growth in the future. We have also significantly reduced our debt levels and our balance sheet has over 3 billion of cash, I think it’s 3.2 billion providing significant financial flexibility and enabling us to continue our industry leading growth strategy. We will have upto 6 billion if we included our unused revolvers, I believe. Am I correct on that, Ken?
Ken Kay: Just a hair under that, but yes.
Sheldon G. Adelson: A hair under 6 billion. We couldn’t be more enthused about our business today, and about a strong positioning for the future with the quality of the assets that we have that have seen a bump, we have seen a thrust upward and particularly the uncovering of the an untouched market in Southeast for Singapore. I want to thank all of your for joining us. We sincerely appreciate your interest and the support of our shareholders. That’s the end of our call. Thank you very much, good bye.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Briggs - VP, IR Mike Leven - President and COO Sheldon Adelson - Chairman and CEO Rob Goldstein - EVP and President of The Venetian and Palazzo Las Vegas Ken Kay - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Joe Greff - J.P. Morgan Janet Brashear - Sanford Bernstein  Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley Shaun Kelley - Banc of America Securities  Felicia Hendrix - Barclays  Robin Farley - UBS
Operator: Good morning. My name is Marianne, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corp. Quarter Two Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remark there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Daniel Briggs, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 
Daniel Briggs: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Good morning to those of you back in United States. On the call with me today are Mike Leven, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Rob Goldstein joining us from Las Vegas; our Executive Vice President, President of The Venetian and Palazzo Las Vegas; Ken Kay, our Chief Financial Officer; and Gayle Hyman, our General Counsel. Mr. Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, will be joining us for the Q&A portion of this call. Before we begin, let me remind you that today's conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal Securities Laws. The company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption, forward-looking statements, for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted property EBITDA, which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. I’ll now turn the call over to Mike Leven.
Mike Leven: Good morning, everybody. Sheldon Adelson has just arrived into the hotel. His plane, he had to get off his plane, which was canceled because of the weather. And in about five minutes, he should be here. So I will start by reading some of his portion, and then he’ll pick it up as when he gets in. Good morning to those of you in the United States, and good evening to those of you in Asia. Thank you all for joining us today. I’ll begin today's call with some comments on this quarter's results, including our results from Marina Bay Sands in Singapore, which opened its doors on April 27th. I’ll then hand the call over to Mike Leven and the team to provide some additional detail. Big picture, we are very pleased with our results. Our business in Macau was quite strong and is generating record revenue and EBITDA. Marina Bay Sands in Singapore, which was opened for only 65 days during the quarter, has received a wonderful reception from the people of Singapore and the wider region. The property is experiencing strong visitation and gaming volumes and is off to an outstanding start. In Las Vegas, operating conditions are showing some signs of improvement, particularly on weekends and occupancy has been strong even throughout the summer period. Our record results in Macau during the quarter included a strong contribution from each of our three properties there. Let me provide the details for the second quarter of 2010, compared to the second quarter of 2009. At the Venetian Macao, net revenue increased 31% to $581 million. Adjusted EBITDA increased 75% to $193 million, and adjusted EBITDA margin increased 840 basis points to 33.2%. At the Sands Macao, net revenue increased 29% to $302 million. Adjusted EBITDA increased 33% to $81 million, and adjusted EBITDA margin increased 80 basis points to 26.9%. At the Four Seasons Hotel Macao and Plaza Casino, net revenue increased 196% to $144 million, adjusted EBITDA increased 493% to $33 million, and adjusted EBITDA margin increased 1,150 basis points to 22.9%. And for our Macau properties in total, net revenue increased 41% to $1.03 billion. Adjusted EBITDA increased 74% to $307 million, and adjusted EBITDA margin increased 560 basis points to 29.9%. We continue to lead the Macau market with revenue growth flowing through to market leading EBITDA and EBITDA margin. This performance reflects strong revenue growth, coupled with the benefits from our cost containment and efficiency strategies. Construction activity on the Shangri-La Traders Sheraton complex, our latest integrated resort development on Parcels 5 & 6 on the Cotai Strip in Macau, is progressing. We recently closed the credit facility for the development, and we thank our lending partners for their support on this project. We continue to work with the Macau authorities to ramp-up construction workers necessary to complete the project. Mr. Adelson just walked in. He’ll pick it up from here. 
Sheldon Adelson: In Singapore Marina Bay Sands generated 94 million in EBITDA, in its first 65 days of operation and EBITDA margin of 43.7%. Load table games hold on our rolling business at Marina Bay Sands prevented us from generating even stronger EBITDA and EBITDA margin for the period. After opening 963 rooms on April 27 and most of the remaining rooms and suites on June 23, Marina Bay Sands has experienced strong visitation and healthy volumes in all three segments of the property's gaming business. We have seen increases in volumes in both our mass and rolling businesses since we opened the property, and are pleased with both our volumes to date and the ramping up of daily play. We are confident that as the property and its marketing programs continue to mature and as its full complement of amenities, including additional high end suites, retail and entertainment offerings come online. Marina Bay Sands will be an ideal platform for the company's growth. Let me spend a moment on Las Vegas. Gaming volumes were healthy during the quarter, but we experienced lower table games hold. Hotel revenues improved compared to the second quarter of '09. Occupancy is up, and group business is returning, although pricing on groups remains competitive. Forward bookings are increasing for both the remainder of 2010 and 2011, which is encouraging. We are also seeing stronger pricing trends that may affect key portion of our business, particularly on weekends. I look forward to addressing your questions later, but I will turn it over to Mike and the team for a quick update first. Mike?
Mike Leven: Thanks, Sheldon. I’ll add just a couple of thoughts. First, let me cover our leadership change in Macau. The Board of Sands China, made the decision that a leadership change was in the best interest of the company, its employees and shareholders. I will be serving as acting Chief Executive Officer for Sands China, while the Committee of the Board of Directors of Sands China conducts the new search for the new Chief Executive Office. For at least the last six months, we have had the objective of augmenting the leadership team in Macau with additional Senior Operating Management. We now have the opportunity to fulfill that goal, and I'm pleased to say that we have recruited two Senior Operating Executives to join our management team in Macau on August 10. Ed Tracy has joined us as President and Chief Operating Officer of Sands China. David Sisk has joined Sands China as Executive Vice President and Chief Casino Officer. Both gentlemen have extensive experience in the hospitality and gaming industries and have developed a track record of success during their careers. We welcome them into the team and look forward to their contributions in the future. We are quite pleased with both our current operating performance and our strategic positioning in Macau. Our team members there have done an outstanding job during the last year, and we are very pleased with their hard work, dedication and performance. I'm confident that Ed and David, together with the leadership team already in place in Macau, are well prepared to lead Sands China as it grows in the years ahead. As strong as our results have been, these management changes are all about building on the solid foundation we have already established and making our properties work even better in the future. Let me make a couple of comments on our current quarter results. Our direct VIP play at the Venetian Macao grew to $2.4 billion on approximately 24% of the approximately $10 billion of rolling volume during the quarter. At the Four Seasons Hotel Macao and Plaza Casino, total rolling volume was $4.8 billion with direct VIP rolling business growing to $2.4 billion or about 49% of that total. Retail is another bright spot, with retail sales increasing nicely across our properties. Retail sales at the Grand Canal Shoppes at The Venetian Macao, for example, were up 56% in the month of June, compared to June of last year. With respect to future development in Macau on parcels five and six, we remain confident that the introduction of additional destinations on the Cotai Strip will expand the Macau market, providing critical mass to drive greater visitation, mass table and slot play, hotel and retail revenues also to our current and future properties. Let me spend a moment on Sands Bethlehem before Rob covers Las Vegas. I'm pleased to share the news that Sands Bethlehem had its best quarter, since we opened the property last May of '09, generating $12 million of EBITDA during the quarter. The improving results reflects stronger slot revenues and the introduction of additional marketing programs, as well as a concerted effort on efficiency. We continue to believe that Sands Bethlehem has potential. We introduced 89 table games on July the 18, which have broadened the property's appeal and should contribute to the greater profitability overall. Table play is off to a good early start and has already positively impacted visitation and food and beverage revenue, as well as slot play and profitability. In fact last week, we generated our highest gross slot win on record. We have also seen a marked increase in our Player Club card enrollments with a significant portion coming from New Jersey and New York.  We restarted the construction of our 300 room hotel and expect it to open in the spring of 2011. The addition of the hotel will increase the length of stay at Sands Bethlehem, while adding higher margin hotel revenues to the property's financial results. With that, let's go to Rob to discuss Las Vegas.
Rob Goldstein: Thanks, Mike. Our Las Vegas properties drove EBITDA of $66 million in the second quarter of 2010, compared to $78 million in the second quarter of last year. Gaming volumes remain healthy and were stronger during the quarter compared to last year; however, poor hold percentage negatively impacted table revenue by approximately $30 million. RevPAR is up for the quarter, reflecting a stronger occupancy and rates at modestly lower, when compared with same quarter last year. Looking ahead, we expect to realize more group rooms in 2010 than we did in 2009. The pace of group bookings continues to improve and 2011 should be stronger than 2010. In 2009, realized approximately 478,000 group room nights or about 18% of our total room nights. Today we have about 550,000 in group rooms on the books for ‘10, an increase of 19% of what we realized in 2009. We expect our actual group rooms to exceed that number as we add additional business throughout the remainder of the year. However, rates are still under pressure in that segment. We do expect that pricing will improve in the group segment over time as business expands. Our direct competitors in Las Vegas raised prices and the economic recovery continues. So, in summary in Las Vegas, our gaming business is healthy. Our costs are down, given that backdrop, we are confident that our Las Vegas properties will exhibit significant operating leverage as pricing in the FIT segment every time the group segment continues. With that, I’ll turn it over to Ken Kay.
Ken Kay: Thanks, Rob. We made further progress this quarter on our de-leveraging strategy. Excluding our development financing in Singapore, we paid down or retired approximately $420 million of our debt during the quarter. The repayments include $350 million on the Macau revolver and the purchase and retirement of approximately $27 million of face value of our senior notes, which were purchased for 96.1% of par. As of June 30, we had approximately $3.8 billion of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and short-term investments on our balance sheet. That cash provides us with significant financial flexibility and will enable us to execute additional components of our de-leveraging strategy in the future. In addition to our cash balances at June 30, we had approximately $3.2 billion of availability under our undrawn credit facilities at current exchange rates, including amounts available through our US credit facility and our new credit facility related to Parcels 5 & 6 on the Cotai Strip in Macau. So together, we have approximately $7 billion of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments and available sources of liquidity. The principal uses for that $7 billion include approximately $750 million of capital expenditures, pre-opening, FF&E and construction period interest to spend on our Marina Bay Sands development in Singapore through the end of calendar 2010. Although we expect as much as $450 million of that amount to be paid out of cash flow generated by Marina Bay Sands during the remainder of the year, an additional $430 million, principally retainage payments on the development, will be paid out of cash flow from operating the property in 2011.  In Macau, approximately $400 million in additional equity contribution will be made towards the development of Parcels 5 & 6 on the Cotai Strip. During the quarter, we closed the previously announced $1.75 billion credit facility to fund construction of Parcels 5 & 6 in Macau. The remaining equity noted previously and the project financing together are sufficient to complete the first two phases of that development, which will feature approximately 6,000 hotel rooms and all the major cash flow generating components of the development. As of June 30, total debt was $10.4 billion, while our cost of borrowing remains low. Our weighted average interest rate for the quarter was approximately 3.7%. And our current levels of operating performance, our cash balances provide ample cushion for compliance with the financial covenants in our US credit facility. At June 30, 2010, for the US restricted group covenant compliance purposes, our trailing 12 month EBITDA was $432 million, our total gross domestic debt was $4.3 billion, our cash balances within the US restricted group of $1.9 billion, and our calculated net debt was $2.4 billion. Our leverage ratio was 5.47 times compared to a maximum leverage covenant under our US credit facility of six times. For the Venetian Macao restricted group at June 30, 2010 our trailing 12 months EBITDA for compliance purposes was $1.09 billion, total gross debt at The Venetian Macao restricted group was $2.27 billion, and our leverage ratio was 2.09 times compared to a maximum leverage covenant of 4.0 times. We remained focused on maximizing operating profitability to enable debt reduction. While our business will naturally generate a significant amount of free cash flow that will enable de-leveraging the future, we also expect to execute in due course the sale of non-core assets, which will enable additional debt repayments and enhanced returns. As part of our long-term strategy to delever the company and reduce our debt outstanding, later this week we will be launching an amend and extend transaction with respect to our US credit facility. The transaction contemplates a pay down of our term loan and a reduction of a revolving credit facility commitment in exchange for the extension of maturities and other modifications to the credit agreement intended to increase the company's financial flexibility. While we are opportunistically looking to pursue this transaction, our current and projected liquidity and financial resources provided with the ability to leave our US credit facility in place without modification should terms not be acceptable to us. If completed, this transaction will accelerate our de-leveraging process, enhance our liquidity and improve the overall credit quality of the company. And with that, I’ll turn the call back over to Sheldon.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks, Ken. I guess it’s my turn to sing and dance. No, I'm not going to sing. Before we go to Q&A, let me make a couple of final points. I have complete confidence in Mike and our leadership team. We just completed another outstanding quarter, contrary to what the shorts believed we would do. Generating record revenues and EBITDA in Macau and for the company overall, our operations are in outstanding shape, and we are making positive additions to our management team. We have also reduced our debt levels, and our balance sheet has nearly $4 billion of cash, but who is counting, providing significant financial flexibility and enabling us to continue our industry leading growth strategy. With the opening of Marina Bay Sands in Singapore, we stand today at the beginning of our next major phase of growth. We could not be more enthused about our business today and about our strong positioning for the future. With that, we'll move to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Joe Greff of J.P. Morgan.
Joe Greff - J.P. Morgan: Good evening or good morning to Rob and Las Vegas. Looking at the Singapore results, which were very strong, if I'm looking at gross gaming revenue per day, its somewhere in the 3.6 million range in the casino. Win per day is 2.94 million. For the quarter, I am presuming that there was improvement June versus May and May versus the stub in April. Can you talk about the monthly progression of casino win or gaming win maybe on a per day basis and maybe talk about how that trend is going in July?
Sheldon Adelson : I think I would ask Ken to answer that, but my recollection having glanced over the numbers that it was a substantial ramp from May to June. There is a masterpiece and (inaudible) I see a line going from lower left to upper right.
Ken Kay : That's the right direction. 
Sheldon Adelson : That is the right direction, okay.
Joe Greff - J.P. Morgan: Maybe I will follow-up off line with you guys. Just on the topic of Steve Jacobs' departure, I'm presuming he has a non-compete. Can you confirm that, and how long does that non-compete last?
Mike Leven: I don't believe he has a non-compete, Joe. Actually he does not have an actual employment contract. He had a signed term sheet. We never got to contract with it, and I don't believe he has a non-compete in that term sheet.
Sheldon Adelson : Well, I would opt to have him go to work for a direct competitor.
Joe Greff - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Mike, Sheldon, are you anticipating any other property management departures as a result of Steve Jacobs not being there, or are you aware of any that might be pending?
Sheldon Adelson : To the contrary, we have several people wanting to come back.
Mike Leven: We are reviewing staff now, Joe, and Stephen Weaver has come back as a consultant to help us through the transition period and maybe even longer depending upon his personal situation. There were basically staff openings here over the last number of months. And I can tell you that I don't think there is anyone of significance on the management team that is in a situation that could be contemplated as a change at this point. I have been here for a week and have not seen any indication that the problem is in the layer of staff below Steve.
Joe Greff - J.P. Morgan : Okay. And maybe you can just talk, Mike, a little bit, the two new guys that you announced yesterday. One has Macau experience, and the other has more US regional experience. Can you talk about what you think they bring to the table?
Mike Leven : In the case of David Sisk, the casino individual, we have been looking for from months for someone to run or supervise the five casinos that we have that includes 5 & 6 as well. He has many years of very strong casino experience combined with some significant Macau experience in other marketplace. So, I think he brings a very Senior Management approach to the casino business. This is a very complex business, multi-marketed, even though it’s a significant amount of junket business, and we think that David Sisk's personality and skill set bring into the table will provide some management daily attention to the full casino business. It is not possible to run all of the casino business here from the very top of the organization. There is just too much going on, on a daily basis. So that’s why we were looking for the individual. And I think David brings an unusual combination of understanding the VIP business, as well as having a real good organizational mind and experience for the rest of the casino businesses that we have. In the case of Ed Tracy, Ed Tracy has some casino experience, but we have bifurcated the building into two pieces, the casino side and the operating side. Ed actually began by washing dishes in a hotel, worked his way up through a series of properties all through his career, much of which people on this call probably wouldn’t have seen at low levels in the hotel business, built his way up through that business through some senior positions, and I think he can take the operation of these properties to the next level. That the operations of the properties are doing well from a quality basis. It needs a little bit of work on the service side. And also, some substantial improvements can be made on the marketing and sales side, and I believe we will be able to accomplish that with Ed.  I think the combination of having a strong current operating situation, along with the gaming will give the next CEO the ability to deal in the financial, legal, government affairs area. So that’s how we are structuring the business.
Joe Greff - J.P. Morgan : And then back to my Singapore question, you mentioned there was a substantial ramp from May to June. How would you characterize July versus June? I'm not sure if you answered that. 
Ken Kay : Just to give you an idea in terms of kind of the May through June and then Mike can tell you where things are currently. If you look at it from a rolling perspective, when we started out the property, we were probably kind of hovering around, I would say, in the $300 million to $400 million range on kind of weekly basis. But, as you have gotten past and gotten into the beginning of June, right that number has ramped up significantly where it then kind of got above the $600 million range and then it’s now kind of in the $800 million to $900 million range and on a weekly basis. The other thing that I think is important with regard to kind of the non-rolling and slot business, if you look at it on a kind of win per day basis, and those numbers that I gave you before were kind of per day during those weeks for the rolling business. But on the non-rolling and slot per day, when you started off in May, were kind of in the $2 million plus range per day and then when you have gotten the beginning part of June, it started to get upwards kind of pushing in the $2.5 million range. And now as we have progressed into late June and into the early part of July, it’s kind of pushed up above the $3 million per day. And so it has kind of ramped up quickly in that regard, and now Mike can probably give you an idea relative to kind of the latest.
Mike Leven : Well, I think the latest situation we are now seeing as we get to the latter part of June and through July so far, our rolling volume will probably hit in July a little over $3 billion enrolled at the US now I'm saying, right. And our ramp-up in mass-market and slots has continued in the month of July. Our whole number on the VIP rolling situation has been lower than expected, but we are very consistent in our mass market and slot wins, and what we are doing in the win per unit per days, as well as the whole percentages. So there is no question that it continues to ramp, and we’ll continue to ramp, I think. I can’t predict what’s going to happen in August and September, but at this point when you look at our performance in the 65 days without any serious contribution from the hotel, which by the way, is also ramping and we ended the quarter at 55% on the 65 days on 900 rooms. We are doing that level of business now in 2,500 rooms, which means that we are actually selling 1,000 rooms a day more, I believe, than we were selling before. So once we get into the 70s and 80s and percentage price, there’ll be a major contribution there as well. So it would also help the casino numbers. But the encouraging thing is that all three areas of volume in the casino are moving forward and particularly in the VIP now.
Joe Greff - J.P. Morgan: And then my final question, Mike, have you opened up the electronic slots and I believe it’s the (baccara) and up to Roulette? 
Mike Leven : Yeah. We only opened the electronic baccara so far, which is about 90, 89 and 90 units. By September 3, we will have over 300 electronics, including Rapid Roulette and Rapid Sic Bo. Some of that will come in August but the whole project will be completed by September 3. And the early results on baccara were a little bit lower than expectation. They are also ramping up as people know they are there. So we expect that's going to have a pretty good sized impact with that number of machines.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Janet Brashear of Sanford Bernstein.
Janet Brashear - Sanford Bernstein : As we are talking about Singapore and looking at the ramp versus and the current trends versus the average levels of play and what not, could we look at the commission rates for a second? It looks like you are doing about 1.2% for the quarter. How is that trending? I know you tried to start out at a lower commission rate, there were competitive pressures that made you ramp up higher. What do you think is sustainable over the next quarter?
Sheldon Adelson: First of all, the rate of hold has nothing to do with the ramp-up. We could ramp up with or without a rate of hold. We could over-hold or under-hold, it still is not going to affect the ramping up.
Mike Leven: I think, Janet that 1.2% is about where it’s going to be. I haven’t seen any indication that it’s going to go more than that, unless really big players that get some extra lift get in there. I would say, 1.2% to 1.3%, something like that is where it is going to be.
Janet Brashear - Sanford Bernstein : Okay. And then from a share perspective, what would you estimate your market share to be now and how do you expect that to change going forward?
Mike Leven: We do not have [Santoso's] numbers. We can’t say; it would be pure guesswork. But I do think that it may sound like an optimistic statement, but we will have more than our fair share given when we ramp up. When we are in the market as long as Santoso has been in the market, we pick up that three months. By the end of the summer, I would expect that we would have a fair share and perhaps a little greater. But we can’t know until the numbers come out.
Sheldon Adelson : We show the country of origin of the player. I looked at the top 20 players yesterday and we have countries that I didn’t believe we would get them from. Which we even get customers from Macau. We have Hong Kong, China, Indonesia, Vietnam, Taiwan, Korea, of course, Malaysia and Indonesia, and Thailand. Those names are very difficult to pronounce. I guess they figure Adelson is difficult to pronounce. But clearly as we’re ramping up we have no idea what they are doing, but we have reason to be optimistic and encouraged about our ramping up of following the last number of weeks since we've been open. We are not at par with them. They have had a better time ramping up, and they had a lot of experience in bringing in buses from Malaysia. They are doing very well at it. Genting is doing a lot better than what I thought they might do. And I think the rewards program are kind of very rich for the player and also for the high-end. There is a lot of rationale that everybody is throwing around as to why they are giving out at least 20 bps higher than we are giving on any one customer category. So, the biggest spread is on the last $10 million and over category.
Janet Brashear - Sanford Bernstein : Is that customer mix as you expected, and what would you say are the most profitable segments right now?
Sheldon Adelson : The mass is the margin it’s always going to be very profitable, but on the difference in the tax rates. So it comes out even though it would figure out to about 11.5 to 12 it's coming in at about 10 because of the way that they do the calculation, and it's coming in at about 20 instead of 22 on the mass side. So, theoretically, the reward program is much richer for the high-end player, but then again it’s offset by the lower tax rate. There are some days that we go by and we look at our contribution margin of 67%. I mean many days we are doing upwards of 50% on the cost of sales, the net after cost of, what you would think of as cost of sales, I would call it contribution margin. So the margins at 43.7% I think is probably is surprise to a number of people. It's not to us because when we look at daily numbers and we get numbers every day, it looks like we’ll have a substantially higher margin, probably industry leading profit margins for both us and presumably for Genting.  So, but the fact that there are so many people that are coming from different countries in Asia, I didn’t see any Japanese, but I did see some Koreans. We have a group of Koreans flying in every week. And they are very good players, fine people and good players. So I think that the outer reaches of our radius, our marketing radius, is wider than what we thought before. Anything else except continuing to grow.
Janet Brashear - Sanford Bernstein : Could you comment a little bit on what your worst case fallback plan would be for Lots 5 & 6 in Macau, if it doesn’t get any easier to bring in labor?
Sheldon Adelson: We believe that the government is recognizing that as long as we've done a thorough job and all of our human resource efforts have been with the people from the human resources office of the Macau government, sitting next to our interviews of these people, I don't have any official acknowledgment of this part upon believe that we’ll get the people that we need. The government of Macau is only responding to the need for us to try to put local people to work. If they are faced with the choice of not having any growth, on the one hand, or on the other hand, allowing more foreign workers in, I believe very strongly they are going to allow more foreign workers in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Strawn of Morgan Stanley.
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley: Three real quick questions by market. First, in Macau I was hoping you could give a little bit of color on July trends to date. In Singapore I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the margin ramp as you layer on the other hotel components and start to ramp there in the retail mall. I think it would mean that margins have continued to ramp in current levels. And also in Vegas, a quick question for Rob about cash RevPAR trends. Certainly RevPAR numbers looked impressive in the quarter, but I was hoping you could kind of give us a sense of what the cash numbers look like.
Sheldon Adelson: He has been so quiet, I am wondering whether or not Rob is still alive.
Rob Goldstein: I am alive and well, Sheldon.
Sheldon Adelson: Good. Glad to hear it.
Mike Leven: July has been a terrific 27 days so far in Macau. I think I can’t speak for everybody else on the Peninsula in here, but basically we are doing extremely well at the EBITDA line for all properties. So you never know until it’s over in July, but my guess is July will continue the trends of the last quarter. One more. We are very optimistic about what’s happening here from that standpoint. What was the second question? 
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley: Second question is about retail, Mike, retail in Marina Bay?
Mike Leven: Yeah, retail in Marina Bay you will have I think 160 stores open at September 3, and there is a big opening party there for that, of the 280 stores. So we expect at the begin to contributing profitability, which, as you know is high margin profitability in the retail area. Just to give you an example of the 43.7 percentage, really had no when you are opening a property, you are basically, you’re staffing levels and your volume levels don't really come together. For example, in the quarter, we averaged room contribution of about 70%. Normally, we would get somewhere between 78% and 82%. As the hotel begins to fill up, we’ll get that margin. That will be a higher level of contribution. So I think the answer to your question is, there should be no reason that contribution margin goes lower. In fact, there should be every reason the contribution margin or the EBITDA margin level goes higher as we go forward. 
Rob Goldstein: Mark, as far as your question, you should focus in on casino comps as a percentage of the net segment versus the group rooms and wholesale in the FIT, is that correct? 
Mark Strawn - Morgan Stanley: Yes, that is right.
Rob Goldstein: I think throughout the market, we are all pretty much aware that too many people, ourselves included are comping or discounting in the casino segment more aggressively than they would like to. We prefer to use [720] as a percentage of our mix, like to see our group rooms get back into the mid-30s, even higher, and our FIT in the 40% to 50% and the balance to the casino. Unfortunately, in this environment we were down from the last year. We were comping less on a relative basis year-on-year, but it's still too high. We are still in the mid-20s. I think we are probably less guilty than our competitors, but we are still guilty of it. And I think, it’s indicative of the market that we can’t on mid-week, the weekends is not the issue. We can get FIT and others on the weekends. The mid-week has been a challenge, and I think the market clearly can break out the cash RevPAR from the comp. Question to ask, and I think across the market there is too much comping, but there is also too much supply in the market right now.  So, until we see stronger group, stronger FIT. I think you’ll see that continue to be a problem for us and for the market in general.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aaron Fischer of CLSA.
Aaron Fischer - CLSA : Just a couple of questions on Singapore as well. Just first of all, can you provide any guidance in terms of the breakdown of casino visitors between the local market and the foreign market? And then the second question as Mike mentioned on the margins, it seems like the margins probably slightly depressed given the 65 days. Sheldon, do you still think that you can deliver more than 1 billion in EBITDA in Singapore over the next 12 months? 
Sheldon Adelson : Can you repeat that, your accent has got a little [Technical Difficulty] with my Boston accent hearing.
Aaron Fischer - CLSA : I think the first question was just a simple one in terms of providing a breakdown between the split of customers between the local market in Singapore and the foreign market and then just an offside on the EBITDA guidance?
Sheldon Adelson : It’s about 35%, slightly more than a third. Does that answer that question?
Aaron Fischer - CLSA : Yeah, sure.
Ken Kay: And the trends have been pretty steady since we started. So, pretty steady trends from the beginning. And we talked about a 35% or so Singaporean coming into the casino when we first opened for seven to eight days, and its really stayed pretty much the same all the way through.
Sheldon Adelson : I'm looking at the chart, and there are essentially two parallel lines right across the chart. I think it's about 35% - 37%, somewhere in the mid-30s. And the last part was?
Aaron Fischer - CLSA : On the EBITDA, do you think you can still deliver more than 1 billion in EBITDA next year?
Sheldon Adelson : I didn’t say more than 1 billion. I said 1 billion. Do I still hold by that? Yes. I know I may get myself in trouble if we don't hit it. I should tell you we are looking at the numbers and the trends, and I'm looking at a wider reach of high end customers than what I thought we would get at this stage of the game.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley of Banc of America Securities.
Shaun Kelley - Banc of America Securities : Just one question, first of all, in Singapore. Mike, you gave a little bit of color on the where you thought the contribution margin could stabilize on the hotel side. I was wondering if you could tell us just in the quarter, what the contribution margins were for the hotel and for the casino?  And then secondarily, just wanted to ask a question or a follow up for Rob on Las Vegas.
Mike Leven : Shaun, I don't really have that. I can tell you the contribution margins from the hotel itself was pretty minimal in the first quarter in Singapore, it is so early, and, as you know, you sort of overstaff and over think in order to get the service levels up. Plus, you have openings and all those expenses going in there. I can say the casino margin is over 50%. It varies by 52% to 55% depending upon the day. Also you can see that the overall margin of 43.7 is probably dragged by the hotel and the various expenses that go on there, that’s why the margin is below 50 on an EBITDA basis. We are carrying operating costs, energy costs and operating costs that run a significant amount on a daily basis that don't sort of get amortized when the hotel isn’t filled up and when all the food and beverage and everything isn’t open. So, the best I can say to answer that question is that north of 50 would be where I think we ought to be when the hotel is ramping or has ramped up.
Sheldon Adelson : I talked a bit of our C&E, Conference and Exhibition, tonight about another issue. And I asked him how things were going and he said, well we have a little problem. He said, we have too much business. So part of the construction of something that has to be finished has to be done from 7:00 PM at night to 7:00 AM in the morning. We can't work during the day because we have too much (MICE) business. It’s a great problem to have. But I don't know how big the MICE business is, but if there is any MICE business, you can’t be doing any drilling or nailing or whatever. So that was very encouraging to hear.
Shaun Kelley - Banc of America Securities : And I guess one more follow-up on Singapore would just be any update on the status for junkets in the market there? There has been some chatter about maybe some players acting as junkets for small groups of theirs in for some local trade press. But just kind of wondering what you guys are seeing there, and do you have any application in for junkets under Marina Bay?
Mike Leven: Not to my knowledge. I haven’t heard or seen a junket application. About a month or two ago, there was some noise that there had been some junket applications into the CRA at Singapore, but nothing has come out to us at this particular point in time.
Sheldon Adelson: There has been a lot of local gossip about how Genting is working with junket reps. We have no basis on which to make an accurate statement about whether they are or not. My inclination is to say that if Japan 1.4 to 1.5, it's certainly an indication they may have to be working with some sort of intermediary. What was the other part of his question?
Shaun Kelley - Banc of America Securities : The last question was just for Rob, just on Vegas real quickly. I think you had said that you were at 18% of your business being group business, I believe that was for '09.
Rob Goldstein: Yes.
Shaun Kelley - Banc of America Securities : Can you talk about where you think that's going to stabilize in '10, and what you think it can be in '11?
Rob Goldstein: Well, in '10, we are hoping to get tune into the mid 20s. I think we'll see a lot more exceeds, hopefully it will exceed 30, but we are not there yet. The real issue is really demand is there. The question is rates, you go up to the market and look at the rates, they are just not the buyers are lot tougher. The market both in Las Vegas and beyond Las Vegas is very rate-sensitive, and I think that has been a challenge. We’d like to really exceed 30 in '11, but I think we’ll be in high 20s probably is more accurate. Just one comment, if you don't mind, the Singapore issue you mentioned before to Mike and Sheldon, is just from the junket reps. From my perspective, I don't think, this was an issue that was lot of people are concerned about. But demand on this high end premium segment is so good that I just don't know why we need to worry about it either way. I mean I think anything we are seeing in our premium guys keep seeing more and more demand, as Sheldon referenced, in multiple countries. If anything, I think they become more of a non-event than ever because the demand on the premium side with the tables is extraordinary. And I don't see this probably have credit problems. So I think we've played this very well, and the market has proven to be very, very strong on the premium side without junket reps.
Sheldon Adelson: I'm not sure, I remember what I was going to say. I think that some of the press are talking about or some of the analysts are talking about, well the junket reps are going to show themselves in the second half. I can be quoted on this, I don't think so. Because the property checks of the Singapore government is so comprehensive, I don't believe it’s only been a couple of small number of months ago that they've accepted that was the cutoff date, I don't think it was the cutoff date. It was since they received junket rep applications. So, I am still convinced that the Macau style junket reps will not submit to the property checks and provide the information that the government will need to put them through the investigatory wringer. And even if they do, and even if there are some Macau style junket reps that will do that, I don't believe its going to be done this year at all. Now just like I could tell my wife, I'm not perfect all the time. So I don't, she doesn't believe me. I don't listen, I could be wrong. I don't think there is going to be any junket reps coming into 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix of Barclays.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays : Just on getting to the hold, what was the impact in Singapore and Vegas? You know, it’s a little bit lower on both.
Rob Goldstein : On Vegas, we are seven points lower each one 400 and some million, so it’s about $30 million revenue impact on Las Vegas.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays : Okay. I am assuming Singapore really less significant, relatively small?
Mike Leven: Singapore was from a revenue standpoint a little bit less than Vegas. It’s probably about 25 million - 26 million.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays : Okay. Thank you. And then just ….
Mike Leven: For a whole …
Unidentified Company Speaker: Yeah, correct.
Unidentified Company Speaker: On revenue.
Unidentified Company Speaker: On revenue, yeah.
Sheldon Adelson: It was in the mid to high 20s. On normalizing debt, I guess would make it somewhat more attractive.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays : That's right. Your direct play at the Venetian and Plaza increased nicely sequentially. I'm just wondering, where should we expect those numbers to go? What are your goals?
Sheldon Adelson: The sky is the limit.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays : Is it? 
Sheldon Adelson: Listen, say again.
Mike Leven:  No, the question was about premium direct play.
Sheldon Adelson: Premium direct no….
Mike Leven: 24% in ….
Sheldon Adelson: We are in active discussion right now since we terminated Steve Jacobs about the wisdom of accentuating the effort for direct premium play. We are certainly not going to eliminate it. The question is, how aggressive we are going to be to try to get it. We certainly have a lot of it in, I mean all that we have in Singapore is direct premium play. And consistent with what I have been talking to Goldstein about in daily lunches, I believe that a credit default rate is going to be as low as that in Vegas. Do you have anything to say about that, Rob?
Rob Goldstein: Yeah, I think it's a great comment in this sense that one thing I have been surprised about listening to our credit and premium casino people is how, to put it bluntly, how important Singapore is in that part of the world to customers from Indonesia and Thailand and Malaysia. I have been taught a lesson just too how critical Singapore is politically, financially, in a lot of ways emotionally, it’s a very important country, and city, state. And the customers have a lot of respect for it, I have been pleased to find that people pay pretty quickly. We haven’t had a credit issue yet. In fact, I think it’s better than Las Vegas in terms of people wanting to pay, and in that part of the world, they come more frequently because that’s their region. And they have a lot of respect for that country, and I think that’s helped us lot. And direct credit has been a pleasant surprise thus far to me and I think to our team over there. Sheldon referenced the amount of business and the diversity of countries we impact, we draw from. It’s growing daily. Korea has been a surprise. Taipei has been a surprise. Indonesia, Malaysia less than a surprise. But to me, the direct credit issue has been really, really feel good to our team, our credit team and the sales team, because it does not appear to be an issue. And that again, it diminishes the importance of the junk rep issue more and more. And that segment honestly it's just to me it is an amazing segment. So Sheldon has already commented the sky is the limit in that segment. I think that segment could be extraordinary for both Genting and us.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays : Okay. But my question was on Macau and what your plans are for going direct there. So am I hearing that you are trying to grow it there? Because I thought, Sheldon, you made a comment that you might pull back. I am just confused?
Sheldon Adelson: We may. We are in the process of discussing this amongst senior management.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays : Okay. So the difference in what you are seeing in Macau versus the Singapore is what?
Mike Leven: Singapore, Singapore is all direct play.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays : No, I understand that. I guess what I'm hearing is that your direct play in Macau increased nicely sequentially, which is obviously beneficial to you. So I was just wondering if that was going to keep increasing. And you are saying that you are evaluating that now. So I was just wondering why?
Rob Goldstein: We take it all. I mean the goal of the company is to maximize value, which Sheldon and Mike referenced, and take all aspects of whether it’s direct or to junk rep. The only thing that is intriguing to us is that while the direct play has been very, very strong in showing growth, the real question is how much more we can get out of the junket side. Because the growth has been phenomenal on the junket side. So why not ride both horses if you can, why not anticipate manageable value of what makes the most sense, but in the end why look at both markets? I think what Sheldon is referencing is that direct play is good, junket play is good. If it’s profitable, take it all.
Felicia Hendrix - Barclays : That was the crux of my question. I appreciate that.
Sheldon Adelson: I can make an addendum to that. The idea of getting junket play with the expectation of lower cost has not been completely met amongst the various strata of direct premium player. Some of them are very high, and we may bifurcate part of the direct premium play, keep some and not keep others, because the cost of this is very high. And well, in some cases, it’s high. So we are reconsidering as to whether or not its going to be worth it to keep all strata of direct premium play because I have seen several analysts report that say, well the scuttlebutt is that as sale chases direct premium players, a lot of the players, a lot of the junket reps are bringing their business over to Wynn. Now, we don't know that’s the case, but if it is the case, we certainly want to reverse that trend. So I do admit that Wynn does a very good job on the junket reps.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays: And then just final question, can you just give us an update on the candidate pool for the CEO for Sands China, how that’s looking, what you are looking at?
Mike Leven: The candidate pool, Felicia, is a global search at this point. We’ve interviewed two search firms. We’ve gone through the specifications, and tomorrow the committee, Irwin Siegel, David Turnbull, and myself, will commit to a search firm to do it. We are looking for an out-of-the-box candidate in many ways and someone that can manage the full asset base that we have, lead and manage that asset base. Not necessarily a casino person or a hospitality person, but a very strong business person. And I think the pool will be very large actually. We’d like someone with Asian experience in particular and that has Asian cultural experience and can deal with the governments of both Beijing and Macau. 
Sheldon Adelson : I have got Asian and I have cultural experience. I eat a little bit of Chinese food. 
Mike Leven : That’s qualification. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Robin Farley of UBS. 
Robin Farley - UBS : Had a couple of questions. One is for sites 5 & 6. You had talked about a Q3 opening in 2011. Is that looking more like Q4 now with some of the labor issues? I wanted to get what the latest opening date for that is? And then also, can you help quantify the impact of holds in Macau on the EBITDA line? Because obviously we can do some math on revenues that you would know that commission structure on those revenues to be able to help us understand the EBITDA impact. 
Sheldon Adelson : Which property? 
Robin Farley - UBS : In Macau across the street. 
Mike Leven:  5 & 6, but it was, 15 basis points or something difference. The number could be 3, 2.85 to 3, 3.1. It’s all within a general range. 5 & 6. It’s too early for us to tell we are sending over some construction experts that have extraordinary experience in building properties very quickly. And we are sending them over to see what we can do to make up for any lost time. We are not sure that we have any lost time yet. I did see a chart today, and the chart showed that within a very short period of time, just weeks we could catch up to whatever lag we have. Just goes smack on the original schedule. It’s too early for us to tell. 
Robin Farley - UBS : And then on the hold issue, it looks like revenues would have been above your range of normal hold, but I'm just wondering the EBITDA impact, if there is a way to quantify the commission structure something we can calculate based on what you released. 
Sheldon Adelson: I think that the hold doesn’t affect the commission structure, because the role is the role. 
Robin Farley - UBS : Depending on whether…
Sheldon Adelson: Whether you have the role.
Robin Farley - UBS : Through junket versus direct, right? 
Sheldon Adelson: But if the direct, we are not satisfied that direct is that much cheaper. And if, in fact, we don't have enough experience in it to save us the credit issues which are different here in Macau than they are in Singapore, we don't know yet. Well, I could tell you that the percentage of role and the commission that we pay is not impacted, but then we have a larger hold and lower hold. We had that discussion this afternoon. The role is the role, and if we hold more, it’ll be slightly lesser role because somebody will have lost money faster and the opposite. 
Robin Farley - UBS : Okay and then few other questions. One is, is there any way to quantify in Las Vegas what the impact on group business are active in general, was conventions that shifted from offering and with the splitting in May and what that may have added in sort of May, June, July and anything of importance? Is there any way to quantify the impact of that specifically on your group business?  
Rob Goldstein: I cannot speak to the market, Robin, but I think everyone participates somewhat in what happened down there. We added a few significant groups. I don't think it’s that material at the end of the day, but it did help the summer. At the top of my head, I can recall three very decent groups probably representing 25,000 room nights in the summer. 
Robin Farley - UBS : Rob, I want to ask you, how do you start a flood? 
Rob Goldstein: Very carefully. I think it look, unfortunately I would have to admit it did help Las Vegas. I think the whole town, we lost some groups to low rated other competitors in town. I think the overall impact probably was significant for the town. For us I think, if I'm not mistaken, I don't have hard numbers, Robin, but I think it was, like I say, a couple of three or four groups at maybe 25,000 room nights total for the summer. It was good for us Las Vegas overall. It was low-rated business. It wasn't high-rated business. It wasn't significant food and beverage, but it certainly added body count and cash re-sales, especially needed mid-week in summer. 
Sheldon Adelson:  Some of our competitors who were much weaker than we were dropped their rates more significantly than what we would have. 
Rob Goldstein: Right. To Sheldon's point, we bid on significant piece of the business and lost a number of them to people who just cut rates in the double digits. We stayed triple digit, and my recollection was good. It was 150, 160 a night. It was mid-week, but it wasn’t monumental. It was helpful. 
Robin Farley - UBS : And then just a last question, can you comment on in Singapore your occupancy trends in July, that was 2500 rooms just versus the sort of 50% range occupancy for the June quarter, how that is trending now in July? 
Mike Leven: Robin, we basically ran about 55% in the quarter for the first 65 days on 900…
Sheldon Adelson:  Averaged upon it 
Mike Leven: Averaged around 1200 rooms, which means you are selling about 650 to 660 rooms a night. We are averaging a little over that percentage for the first 26 days of July. And so we are selling considerably more rooms, because we are open at 2600 rooms basically. That's about 2400 keys. So we have about twice the rooms running the same occupancy. So, we are selling about 1200 to 1300 rooms a night. We are ramping up in our leisure business. We started off at about 40 - 50 rooms a night. And now we are now seeing 250 or 260 coming into that segment. And we've been live on the corporate market, which we fully expected because our concierge lounge in that floor wasn't really done. It will be done in September, and we expect some ramping up there. As you know the Singapore occupancy, it came out today, for June was up significantly, 88% in hotels etcetera in spite of the increased room availability and rate was up a considerable amount.  We fairly lifted the market in Singapore and it should be only a few more months. It's really growing every day, not in leaps and bounds, but it’s growing every day. 
Sheldon Adelson: The numbers just came out that tourism went up 24% in June. 
Mike Leven: Yeah. 24%. Yeah. Singapore is ecstatic that’s been going on since the integrated resorts have opened. So…
Sheldon Adelson: Any further questions? 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. 
Sheldon Adelson: Okay. We'd like to express our thanks to everybody who called in particularly during this call, and we look forward to our next call. Hopefully we’ll do it just as good, if not better. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-10 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Briggs – VP, IR Sheldon Adelson – Chairman and CEO Mike Leven – President and COO Rob Goldstein – EVP and President of The Venetian & The Palazzo Las Vegas Ken Kay – SVP and CFO
Analysts: Joe Greff – JP Morgan Janet Brashear – Sanford C. Bernstein Mark Strawn – Morgan Stanley Shaun Kelley – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Robin Farley – UBS Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Taneka, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corp. Q1 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Daniel Briggs: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on the call. With me today are Mr. Sheldon G. Adelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Leven, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Rob Goldstein, Executive Vice President and President of The Venetian and The Palazzo Las Vegas; Ken Kay, our Chief Financial Officer; and Gayle Hyman, our General Counsel. Before we begin, let me remind you that today’s conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the safe harbor provisions of federal securities laws. The company’s actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today’s press release under the caption ‘Forward-Looking Statements’ for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS and adjusted property EBITDA, which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that the presentation is being recorded. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Mr. Adelson.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks, Dan. Good afternoon and thank you all for joining us today. I’ll begin the call today with some big picture thoughts on this quarter’s results and the preview opening of Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. I’ll then hand the call over to Mike and the team to provide some additional detail. Big picture. We are quite pleased with our results. Our business is doing very well at the moment, each of our properties is growing revenue, operating efficiently and expanding EBITDA margins. The strength of our business model in Macau remains on display in our quarterly results. We again generated record revenues and EBITDA in the quarter and continue to lead the mass market in EBITDA generation. While total net revenue at our three properties in Macau increased 24% compared to last year’s first quarter, adjusted property EBITDA increased 47% across our portfolio of the properties in Macau. It just validates what we’ve been saying that somebody once told me, you can’t put ‘revenue’ in the bank, only ‘EBITDA’ goes in the bank. At The Venetian Macao, EBITDA for the quarter was $170 million, an increase of 40% compared to last year’s first quarter. EBITDA margin increased to a quarterly record 30.9%. That financial performance reflects strong revenue growth coupled with our continued focus on efficiency throughout our operations. The results of the Sands Macao and Four Seasons Hotel Macao and Plaza Casino also reflect these trends. Revenue is up 26% at Sands Macao for the quarter, while EBITDA was up 38%. At the Four Seasons Hotel Macao and Plaza Casino, revenues were up 118% for the quarter, while EBITDA was up 343%. Focus on the highly profitable mass gaming hotel and retail businesses together with our attention to cost structure and efficiency has allowed us to bring record revenue dollars through to the EBITDA line. We will recommence construction shortly on Parcels 5 & 6, which is our largest Cotai Strip development today. We believe that 13.3 million square foot integrated resort complex with its array of world-class attraction and amenities will broadly appeal in Macau as an international tourism destination. Importantly, the development will more than double the hotel inventory on the Cotai Strip. That hotel inventory is critical to increasing the competitiveness of Macau as an International MICE Destination and enhancing retail growth. I might say that I believe there are several thousand employees already on the site that are doing some remediation work and that may have already started some of the minor reconstruction works. Let me spend a moment on Las Vegas. Revenues increased modestly this quarter compared to the quarter one year ago, due principally to record volumes in the gaming portion of our business. Group business is also returning, although pricing remains competitive. Forward bookings are increasing for both 2010 and ‘11, which is encouraging. We are also seeing stronger pricing trends in the FIT portion of our business, particularly on weekends. Finally, let me touch on the newest and most exciting property in our portfolio, Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. After years of hard work and preparation, we opened the doors of Marina Bay Sands on April 26, just 10 days ago. While it remains early days, the initial results are extremely promising. Visitation and gaming play levels have been robust. We hosted our first group meeting earlier this week and will host a second major group next week. Forward booking trends, which were already quite healthy, have increased markedly since we opened that door. Let me provide a few early observations on Marina Bay Sands that we’ve learned since we opened. One, we have a substantially different customer profile than our competitor, which should lead to a high revenue per visitor. Two, our departmental profit from gaming has ranged between 45% and 60% depending on the volume of play per day. This is what we have been saying for quite some time and others haven’t agreed with it. Three, direct VIP play has been robust to-date with over 450 credit applications completed in the first week. Customers have come principally from Malaysia, Indonesia and Singapore, which we’ve always maintained has been our primary market, with additional customers from Taiwan, Mainland China, Hong Kong, the Middle East and India. Four, both our premium direct and slot play have been quite robust and have exceeded our expectations. Five, to-date visitation has been mostly from overseas visitors with a much smaller component coming from Singaporeans. Sixth, we are learning rapidly about our customer taste and we have significant opportunities to reconfigure our gaming floor, as well as minimum wages and game mix to deliver the most popular games based on customer demand in the future, particularly on the ETG, the electronic table game side. We believe that can somewhat increase our average win per game per day on the slots. We are confident about the property’s potential to generate both significant growth and strong returns for the company, while increasing visitation to Singapore and enhancing its reputation as the leading international business and tourism destination. We look forward to formerly celebrating the debut of Marina Bay Sands with the people of Singapore and a grand opening celebration on June 23. I look forward to addressing your questions later, but I’ll turn it over to the team for a quick update first. Mike, you are on.
Mike Leven: Thank you, Sheldon. I’ll add just a couple of thoughts. We’ve worked hard to instill a culture of class discipline across the company, and expect that focus to be an ongoing component of our future success. Now, our principal focus has turned to opportunities for growth, which we believe to be significant. In Macau, we have outstanding organic growth opportunities in the gaming, hotel, MICE and retail areas. We will also significantly expand our asset base in Macau with the debut of Parcels 5 & 6 on the Cotai Strip. In Las Vegas, our recovery of consumer spending and an eventual recovery in room rates will occur over time. At Sands Bethlehem, the addition of table games this summer and our 300-room hotel in the spring of 2011, as well as the expansion and maturation of our regional marketing programs will benefit that property. And of course, Marina Bay Sands should provide substantial growth in the coming quarters. The Venetian Macau remains the market leader in mass play in Macau, delivering non-rolling drop of $922 million and record slot handle of $670 million for the quarter. The trend of high hold at The Venetian Macau on non-rolling play continued last quarter and also occurred in April. We believe these higher hold rates at the Venetian Macau on non-rolling play, which are impacted by many factors, including the length of play, the customer profile and the mix of games on The Venetian floor, should continue in the foreseeable future. Our contribution to EBITDA at The Venetian Macau continues to reflect that strategy. For every dollar of EBITDA generated at the property during the quarter, nearly 60% was produced by less volatile higher margin mass gaming and slot play. Over 25% was generated from non-gaming areas, including our hotel convention banquet and retail operations, and less than 15% was contributed by the more variable lower margin VIP rolling play segment. We remain focused on developing and growing our premium direct business, which is the higher margin segment of VIP play. Our direct VIP play at The Venetian Macau grew to $2.1 billion or approximately 21% of the more than $10 billion of rolling volume during the quarter. At the Four Seasons Hotel Macao and Plaza Casino total rolling volume was $3.7 billion with direct VIP rolling business growing to $1.6 billion or 43% of that total. Looking ahead, we remained confident that the development of additional destinations on the Cotai Strip will expand the market, driving greater mass play, hotel and retail revenues to our current and future profits. Let me spend a moment on the Sands Macao. The Sands remains both a cash cow and a market leader in mass play on the Macau Peninsula. EBITDA increased 38% to $70 million for the quarter. EBITDA margin improved to 24.6% this quarter compared to 22.4% in last year’s first quarter. So that covers Macau. Let me spend a minute of Sands Bethlehem, before Rob covers Las Vegas. I am pleased to share the Sands Bethlehem had its best quarter since we opened the property last summer, generating $11 million of EBITDA; the improving results reflect stronger slot revenues, the introduction of additional marketing programs and in concert with our efficiency effort that was just completed. We continue to believe Sands Bethlehem has potential. We plan to add 89 table games this summer, which should increase the property’s appeal and should contribute to greater profitability of the property overall. We have also restarted the construction of our 300-room hotel, which is expected to open in the spring of 2011. The addition of the hotel will increase the length of stay at Sands Bethlehem, while adding higher margin hotel revenues to the property’s financial results. With that, let’s go to Rob and Las Vegas.
Rob Goldstein: Thanks, Mike. Our Las Vegas property delivered EBITDA of $105 million in the first quarter of 2010 compared to $90 million in the first quarter of last year. The gaming segment of our business remains strong. Hotel occupancy also remains healthy. The challenge continued to be room rates, which remain weaker compared to historical levels, although FIT rates have shown improvement, particularly on weekend. Food and beverage business is also down compared to levels we enjoyed in the past. Table game drop was a record $547 million during the quarter, a 23% increase in the first quarter of 2009, while slot one was $49 million during the quarter, about the same as it was in the 2009 first quarter. Looking forward, we expect to realize more group rooms in 2010 than we realized in 2009. The pace of group business bookings continues to improve. 2011 should be stronger than ‘10. In 2009, we realized approximately 478,000 group room nights or about 18% of our total room nights. Today, we have about 515,000 group rooms on the books for 2010. We expect our actual group rooms to exceed that number as we add additional business throughout the remainder of the year. We do expect that pricing will improve over time as business expands, our competitors in Las Vegas will raise prices and the economic recovery continues. So, in summary, our gaming business is healthy with record volumes in our most recent quarter, while our cost was down. Given that backdrop, we are confident that Las Vegas properties will continue to exhibit significant operating leverage as price in the FIT and group segments improve. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Ken.
Ken Kay: Thanks Rob. We made steady progress this quarter on our de-leveraging strategy. Excluding our development financing in Singapore, we paid down or retired approximately $850 million of our debt during the quarter. Those repayments include the total outstanding balance of $776 million on the revolving portion of our domestic credit facility. Repayments also include the purchase and retirement of approximately $35 million of face value of our senior notes, which were purchased at a discount. These repayments will reduce our cash interest expense by more than $25 million per year in the future. As of March 31, we had in excess of $4.2 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments on our balance sheet. That cash provides us with significant financial flexibility and will enable us to execute additional components of our de-leveraging strategy in the future. In addition to our cash balances at March 31, we have approximately $1.3 billion of availability under our undrawn credit facilities at current exchange rates, including amounts available through our U.S. credit facility and our Singapore credit facility. So together, we have approximately $5.5 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments and available sources of liquidity. The principal uses for that $5.5 billion includes approximately $1.4 billion of capital expenditures, pre-opening, FF&E and construction period interest to spend on our Marina Bay Sands development in Singapore through the end of calendar 2010, although we expect as much as $400 million of that amount to be paid out of cash flow generated by Marina Bay Sands during the year. An additional $400 million, principally retainage payments on the development will be paid out of cash flow from the completed property in 2011. Approximately $400 million in additional equity contributions will be made towards the development of Parcels 5 & 6 on the Cotai Strip in Macau. In addition, we expect to close later this month the previously announced $1.75 billion credit facility to fund construction of Parcels 5 & 6 in Macau. The $400 million in equity and the project financing together are sufficient to complete the first two phases of that development, which will feature approximately 6,000 hotel rooms and all of the major cash flow generating components of the development. As of March 31, total debt was $10.5 billion, while our cost of borrowing remains low. Our weighted average interest rate for the quarter was approximately 3.5%. At our current levels of operating performance, our cash balances provide ample cushion for compliance with the financial covenants in our domestic credit facility. At March 31, 2010 for the U.S. restricted group covenant compliance purposes our trailing 12-month EBITDA was $439 million, our total gross domestic debt was $4.3 billion, our cash balances within the U.S. restricted group were $2 billion, and our calculated net debt was $2.4 billion. Our leverage ratio was 5.4 times compared to a maximum leverage covenant under our U.S. credit facility of 6 times. For The Venetian Macao restricted group, at March 31, 2010, our trailing 12-month EBITDA for compliance purposes was $1 billion, total gross debt at The Venetian Macao restricted group was $2.6 billion and our leverage ratio was 2.6 times compared to a maximum leverage covenant of 4 times. We remain focused on maximizing operating profitability to enable debt reduction. While our business will naturally generate a significant amount of free cash flow that will enable de-leveraging in the future, we also expect to execute in due course the sale of non-core assets, which will enable additional debt repayments and enhanced returns. Before I turn the call over to Sheldon for concluding comments, let me highlight two changes we are making this quarter with respect to our expectations for table games hold. For rolling play, we are establishing a range of 2.7% to 3% across our portfolio of properties, which is consistent with the actual hold rate we have experienced over the last few years. For non-rolling play, our range of expectation for hold rates has historically been 18% to 20% in Macao and 20% to 22% in Las Vegas. We do not believe these ranges accurately reflect our evolving non-rolling cable games business in either Las Vegas or Macau. Our non-rolling table games hold rates in both Las Vegas and Macau are impacted by many factors, including the length of play, the customer profile, the mix of games and seasonality. These factors vary widely across our portfolio of properties and are constantly changing. Given that backdrop and our belief that a one-size-fits-all hold expectation cannot accurately capture these factors across our portfolio of properties, we have chosen to move to a property-specific four quarter moving average methodology for non-rolling table games hold expectations. We believe this methodology is a reasonable one that will allow each property’s expected hold percentage to reflect that property’s unique characteristics and expected hold performance as determined by actual historical experience. And with that, I’ll turn the call back over to Sheldon.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks, Ken. First thing I want to say is that I made an error before. It was a typo in our draft. I said that we opened on April 26. We actually opened on April 27. I should have known; I was there. Before we go to Q&A, let me make a couple of final points. We worked very aggressively last year to right size our cost structure and to clean up our balance sheet. I know we’ve made a lot of that in several prior conference calls, so I am very happy to say that that’s been substantially completed. The results of those efforts are now clear. We just completed another outstanding quarter generating record revenues and EBITDA. We have significantly reduced our debt levels and our balance sheet now is more than $4.2 billion of cash, providing significant financial flexibility and enabling us to continue our industry-leading growth strategy. We stand today at the beginning of our next major phase of growth. With that, we’ll move to your questions.
Operator:
 :
Joe Greff – JP Morgan: Good afternoon everyone.
Ken Kay: Hi Joe.
Sheldon Adelson: Good afternoon.
Joe Greff – JP Morgan: I was hoping that you can give us an update on any conversations or the many conversations I’m sure you have had with Macau and/or Beijing with respect to the table game cap for new development in Macau. I think, Ken, you phrased when you were talking about sites 5 & 6 as having 6,000 rooms and all the cash flow generating amenities, can you comment on how many table games you are allowed right now to have there, what you are anticipating to end up there, and whether that would involve table games being brought over from some of your existing properties, whether it’s the Four Seasons or Venetian Macau? Thank you.
Mike Leven: Joe, this is Mike. We met last week with the members of the Macau government. We’ve been assured in writing for 400 tables to start with and their assurances of reviewing tables as we go over the next couple of years, our expectation and our lenders know that we will open with enough tables in 5 & 6 to justify the numbers that we projected in the loan documents. That will involve moving some tables from some of our facilities, as well as the additions of some electronic games.
Joe Greff – JP Morgan: Okay. Just to clarify that the 400 that you have been assured in writing…
Mike Leven: That is correct.
Joe Greff – JP Morgan: …that is inclusive of table games that you would move from other properties?
Mike Leven: No. 400 new tables plus 2,200 slots we have assurances from the government and we received that assurance and the assurance that they will work with us to get additional tables by the latest in March of 2013. But if that doesn’t happen, we will still open. We will move some tables that we are not using in the other facilities as well as add electronic games. So the numbers that we projected are the numbers that are in the loan documents and have been approved by the banks.
Sheldon Adelson: Mike, I like to add on that and say I believe that number is approximately 170 tables that we’re going to move that either are not being used right now or that are – what used to be marginal games that are being used at lower rates. We are adding 100 electronic table games, which offer some very good potential. We’re going to try different electronic table games. We are also assured by the government – we’ve been assured that we’ll have the 270 extra games that we originally put in our plans in 2013. So we’ll operate for two or three years without – well, we’ll still operate with that number of tables, but we’ll be able to get another 270. That is before we start to make adjustments like we are making in Singapore, we make with all new properties. Increasing or decreasing the number of tables and denominations as we open the property and we see the demographics of the visitation.
Joe Greff – JP Morgan: Great. Thank you. And then with respect to Marina Bay Sands, Sheldon, I was hoping you can share with us, I know it’s been only 10 days, any kind of revenue metrics at the property, whether it’s one per slot per day or slot revenue per day or mass revenue per day. It would be nice hearing what those numbers are relative to other numbers that we might be hearing from your competitors?
Sheldon Adelson: Well, let’s put it this way. None of the analysts have come up – first of all, we don’t have – one thing we are sure of that it takes long time to order a stadium-style electronic table games that seem to have gone gangbusters in Genting's Resorts World Sentosa. I call it Genting, other people call it RWS. They are completely full and we’ve ordered them and these sort of have to be made custom, but we expect them in four to six weeks. So that will make a big difference. However, the lowest number per day that we’ve experienced is higher than the maximum number that any of the many analysts have been estimating. The estimates that we’ve seen in the market are similar to Las Vegas numbers, $200 plus or some other numbers around the country. But we have ranged – it depends upon the day and depends upon which machines have been opened, because in the few first few days, the – what they call them, surveillance requirements are really, really very particular, very meticulous, very perfectionists. What we’ve learned, I’ll give you a range from $400 to $900 per unit per day, and I don’t think any one analyst came out with our lowest number of $400. So I think we’ll have a somewhat higher average when we bring in those electronic table roulette games. It’s obvious at the roulette games we get 8 turns an hour, 8 to 10 turns an hour out of the roulette games, the live roulette games. And the ETG, the electronic table games to roulette are 80 games an hour, and it’s just unbelievable cash cows.
Joe Greff – JP Morgan: Great. Thank you Sheldon. Rob, I almost didn’t recognize you actually not sounding so negative on Las Vegas. Your comments about the FIT rates on the weekends, can you explain, why do you think that is? Is that just demand coming back, and therefore, you and others on the strip are yield managing appropriately or is it just a rationalization of how the operators are looking at charging room rates?
Sheldon Adelson: Before your answer, Joe, I just want to say we around here completely agree with you. We don’t know if you are talking to Rob Goldstein the new or Rob Goldstein, the old. His birthday is tomorrow.
Rob Goldstein: My birthday is Sunday.
Sheldon Adelson: Sunday.
Rob Goldstein: Yeah.
Sheldon Adelson: So he is the older long-term Goldstein.
Rob Goldstein: I am getting old and tough. There’s been a nice…
Sheldon Adelson: How optimistic.
Rob Goldstein: There’s been a nice movement, Joe, in the weekends. To be clear, though, it’s not across the board. It’s been especially in the FIT leisure segment, has shown some relative strength in the last month. April was very good for the entire industry. I think that May is holding up that trend. And I don’t know how to attribute to what, but I think there is some confidence building among our competitors and certainly in this hotel that we are seeing weekend rent rates and leisure are trading up. It’s nice to see. Group demand, as we’ve said in previous calls, continues to be strong. Unfortunately, pricing doesn’t seem to accompany that demand. So I would love to see our group business get back up in the higher ranges, but what is happening, clearly, last weekend – all of April was very, very encouraging, on the weekends in the leisure segment, and I am hoping it bodes well for the summer because a lot of folks in town are very concerned this summer and they should have been, but there’s been in the last four to six weeks a nice trend upwards.
Sheldon Adelson: Could we say the number? I think we’ve been averaging on weekends between 240 and 260.
Rob Goldstein: Last weekend 262. We had nice and lots of – it just looked good. It’s been a recent trend now, Joe. I think you saw the MGM number this morning and I think you know what’s happening in town. The first quarter was not that strong. And I think we got ways to go in Las Vegas, but I’m a little more optimistic than I have been in the last six months, but I do see some positive leisure trends. And clearly, demand on the group side is very strong, but the rates haven’t been as strong.
Joe Greff – JP Morgan: Great. Thanks guys.
Rob Goldstein: You didn’t talk about tables, did you Joe.
Joe Greff – JP Morgan: I will let the next guy ask about that. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Janet Brashear.
Janet Brashear – Sanford C. Bernstein: I wanted to ask about lots 5 & 6 in Macau. We’ve heard stories of labor rallies against foreign labor and potential requirement that you have one local worker for every non-local worker and cost escalations due to labor shortage. And you have a few thousand people on site now, but typically would have more like 10,000 to get a project of this size done. What are you hearing from the government about your ability to bring in more workers and what does that mean for your timetable and your cost projection?
Mike Leven: Hi, Janet, this is Mike. We had a meeting last Friday in Macau. We had a very good meeting. And the indications we got were that there is some levels of low – there is a very low level of unemployment in Macau. We actually have about, I think, 3,900 workers on the site now and the indications we got as we left the meeting is that we shouldn’t be worrying about whether or not we’ll be able to have the blue cards for workers. But we have to absorb some of those non-employed workers in Macau, which we’re willing to do, and we don’t expect either us – and I can’t speak for Galaxy, who has been having the same situation, about having a problem there. We feel very confident we’ll have the workers to finish the project.
Janet Brashear – Sanford C. Bernstein: Will you have them on a quick signing? So if you do what your part is which is absorbing the non-employed workers, is that a process you can work through quickly so that you can get your blue cards expeditiously?
Mike Leven: Yeah, we believe so, Janet. I think that it’s in the interest of Macau and the government and the citizens there that we’ll be successful and get done. And at this point, there will be some time that we have to execute certain construction contracts, which will probably last three or four months before we get fully operational. There are workers available outside of Macau, obviously, for that. And at this point, candidly, we don’t expect to have a problem. We will go through the process, we’ll work through the process and we expect that we will be okay.
Janet Brashear – Sanford C. Bernstein: Great. If we switch to Singapore, what was your biggest surprise in opening Singapore?
Mike Leven: The biggest surprise in Singapore.
Janet Brashear – Sanford C. Bernstein: Yes.
Mike Leven: You are talking about the biggest surprise in the first week of opening?
Janet Brashear – Sanford C. Bernstein: Yes.
Mike Leven: It’s a tough question. I think that I’d have to say, from a casino standpoint, I think the biggest surprise is the VIP premium, the direct premium business, the credit business, the amount of credit applications, and the activity in our casino results, which indicate a roughly around 50% coming from that particular segment right off the back. I think that was a big surprise to me. I think the other surprise was that how well the casino was accepted in the community in terms of its positioning vis-à-vis the competitor. All the press and all the support kind of lifted it to a different level. And in the mass play, the non-slot mass play was surprisingly good. I thought the slot play would be what it is, but I didn’t know that the mass play would hold on the tables. The way we set the floor up, we set it up so that we would have enough tables to accommodate everybody who came. So at some points there were empty tables or very slow play at some tables, but there were no lines, no pushing, no shoving, no crowd that occurred in the other environment, and that was intentionally done. So, I was surprised how well that worked. We had no lines, no difficulties, et cetera. On the negative side, I think we were surprised at how much surveillance activity we had to do in the last minute to get tables open, the amount of cameras being added. And so, as a consequence, we didn’t open some of the VIP rooms. Only got about half of our tables opened in the Paiza area, and that was a little bit of a surprise. We thought we were okay that way, but in the last of couple of weeks it kind of away from us. I think for the resort that is basically – even though 50% of the GFA space is open, only really about 20% to 25% to 30% of the total resort is open and I think we were surprised at how well it was accepted by the community.
Janet Brashear – Sanford C. Bernstein: You said that the local crowd was less than – was a low percentage. Was it – can you give us some idea of how low and was it lower than you expected and…
Sheldon Adelson: No, one third, two thirds approximately.
Mike Leven: In the first number of days in the casino we had foreigners about 66% and about 33% Singaporean.
Ken Kay: For a couple of days, it was even 50-50, but most – if you looked at the whole – over the entire course of eight days, it was up there – many more foreigners, Malaysia, Indonesia and foreigners from Singapore primary markets, which we expected, and the Singapore market about one third to 40% maybe at the most of Singaporeans.
Sheldon Adelson: There is 36,000 other rooms, this is Sheldon, in Singapore. And they enjoy very high occupancy rate in the 80s typically – net high 80s. And there is a lot of opportunities for foreigners to come in – that visitation to the other hotels we’re just going to try to set up shuttle buses between some of the bigger hotels if they will allow us to do it. There is good news and bad news on the opening day. The good news is we had an awful lot of people. The good news – well, I shouldn’t say the good news or bad news. The second part of the good news is that people looked at it and said, well, there weren’t a lot of crowds, there weren’t long lines that there was at Genting, but oh god, did they have a lot of people. Well, Genting didn’t have a huge 1.25 million square foot convention center to warehouse the people in. So what we did is set up the – they didn’t have any air conditioned space to put them in. So we turned the air on in the convention center. We put in thousands of chairs. We put in foodservice. We put in counters where they could pay – the Singaporeans could pay their $100 entry fee. While the real bad news was that we weren’t allowed to advertise that we were going to be open. But people just knew and the rumor had gone around that we were going to open on the 27. And we weren’t able to advertise it till the 27 until most people already went to work. So, then we let the people in on an orderly basis, straight line with extensions and ropes and very orderly. So we have thousands of people waiting, but I guess the journalists didn’t know that they were in there, they were just shooting pictures of the people that were on a very orderly basis coming into the casino from the convention center.
Rob Goldstein: Janet, we should have – I think all of us were there, the one thing about the building we should say it’s a stunning building, iconic, it’s beautiful. And I think everyone who went to the opening was, I think, very, very impressed both tourists and business (inaudible) is an amazing iconic building. In fact, if you are ever in that region, you have to see it.
Janet Brashear – Sanford C. Bernstein: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Strawn.
Mark Strawn – Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon guys. I have two quick questions.
Sheldon Adelson: Hi, Mark.
Mark Strawn – Morgan Stanley: Hi. First question on Singapore, I know it’s early, but given the strength in the slot market that you are seeing so far, do you guys have any thoughts on reconfiguring the floor and maybe including more slots and pulling table? And if you are to do so, would there be any labor or CRA issues in doing so? And then I have a quick follow-up on Macau.
Mike Leven: Mark, let me just give you this answer. We’re in there eight days, and although there were subsets of urgency to get the stadium electronic slots in, at this point it’s really too early to tell what the movements will be and we know we have to make some changes in the floor. But it’s going to take another week or two before we find some very – I am on my way there next week also. So it’s going to take a little while to get exactly the right mix of business and that’s going to be ever changing. So the only really sure thing now is we have ordered the electronic stadium seating games, and our mix of Baccarat to other tables is being looked at very carefully. The size of the casino – a lot of the traffic is coming into the sides and not moving towards the middle. And so, there is a number of things we’re looking at which you’ll find as you go. So the answer to your question is, yes, there will be movement, there will be changes. And on the other side, on the labor side with the CRA, it’s a pretty free environment for us to do what we want to do as long as the surveillance requirements are taken care off. But from a table side standpoint, it doesn’t really – they won’t affect us in terms of staffing.
Mark Strawn – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you. Then on Macau, just looking at the mass performance, while it’s certainly impressive if you look at it sequentially, volumes have been relatively flat. Do you guys have plans in place, whether marketing or otherwise, to try to stimulate volumes somewhat in the market?
Mike Leven: A lot of the emphasis in Macau by the individuals in charge now has been on trying to build the VIP direct market with our own credit. We are doing a lot of that. It’s growing, as I mentioned in the call. I think it was 21% of our business in the quarter. That will help us. But with that strategy as well as our strategy in terms of MICE business and the tour and travel business that we’ve been working on and getting good results on, that doesn’t build the same kind of revenue, as you know, of the junket rolling revenue. That sort of dominates the revenue perspective of Macau. So I can’t tell you that our revenue will have sequentially the amount of growth, but I feel very confident that our EBITDA will continue to grow exponentially as we produce that kind of business. We have no real plans to build a junket level traffic. As we’ve held to the 1.25 also, we’ve potentially lost or have been impacted by some of the peninsula properties that give better rates. So we’ve taken another approach to it. I don’t know if that answers your question.
Mark Strawn – Morgan Stanley: That’s helpful. One quick follow-up, have you seen any impact from City of Dreams across the street been any more promotional and have you felt the need to match that at all or that had not been necessary at this point?
Mike Leven: To our knowledge here we haven’t matched it. I have not heard anything from Steve Jacobs and the people over there that City of Dreams has been changing their 1.25 rate. The changes that I hear – you’re talking about in the mass market.
Mark Strawn – Morgan Stanley: Yeah, more on the mass side.
Mike Leven: Well, they’ve done some things on mass. They’ve done some promotion and some advertising. We are doing some things in other areas now, promoting business. We’ve been pretty successful at it so far. But you don’t really see that unless you actually look at, particularly in The Venetian and the Four Seasons at how many rooms are being sold every night to the non-VIP, the non-junket play. And we’re selling about at least two thirds of our rooms or more at The Venetian on a paid customer basis now.
Mark Strawn – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mike Leven: That’s a big indicator. I don’t know what City of Dreams is doing, but my guess is it’s not nearly as much as that.
Mark Strawn – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shaun Kelley.
Shaun Kelley – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks guys. Just wondering going back to Singapore for a second if we can get a little bit more color on the VIP versus mass mix. I think you’d mentioned just briefly that about 50% of the business was coming from VIP. Is that correct?
Ken Kay: That is correct. I think the actual number for eight days is 48% of the revenue from VIP.
Shaun Kelley – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Got it. And just kind of where are you at right now in terms of the tables that are kind of up and running, given the surveillance issues, how many VIP and mass market tables are you at and kind of where are you headed over the next?
Ken Kay: We are at 70 VIP, 440…
Sheldon Adelson: Out of 139.
Ken Kay: Out of 139. The 442 out of 559, and we have 1,450 slots out of 1,642 slots.
Shaun Kelley – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then, Mike, we’ve talked before a little bit about the commission and rebate structure, obviously you are not using junkets today. Is that right now in line with your expectation? How should we think about the rebates that are being demanded in the market right now?
Mike Leven: Rob can speak to that, I think, but let me just say that we’ve always said and continue to say on the junket side that if there are junkets that are licensed by Singapore we will do business with them. We don’t expect that to be many, but there will be a few. On the commission rate side, we basically – our strategy on the commission rate side on the private for the VIP private play, we positioned ourselves much below the competitor in Singapore. So, and the rates – we have not had pressure to move those rates so far. And the reason for doing that was that we thought that we would impact RWS’s VIP business, and if we competed dollar-for-dollar on the commission rate and they lost the business to us, then they will start moving the commission rate up again. So we’ve positioned ourselves lower on the commission rate. And I can’t tell you what the average is because I haven’t really looked at it in the eight days, but it is below what the competitor has published as their commission rates. And so far we’re not budging on it because we’re doing okay.
Sheldon Adelson: This is Sheldon. The ramp up of the high end is going well, but it is ramping up. We are getting customers from places that we didn’t consider in our priority countries. We look at the breakdown of the apps for the credit, and we find it coming from the main three areas; Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia. And there are lots of very high rollers, substantially higher – at least the numbers I have seen, substantially higher than we have experienced here in Las Vegas. We don’t get a lot of $10 million, $12 million credit players here, although we do get some, but there is a lot of this there is more than what I expected. So we’re still ramping up. Particularly the first night that we opened we had some surveillance table issues and we couldn’t open all the tables. I’d like to point out something that nobody has really asked, our gaming table. Our gaming table win per unit is very encouraging. It’s difficult for me to give you the exact numbers. But let’s put it this way, when I did some estimates of what we would do, and I screen them extensively, the number that I came up with now, adjusted based upon the tables that are not open because for various reasons, mostly surveillance, the number is coming in at higher than what I originally estimated to come up with our overall EBITDA number. So we are very encouraged about the high end. I think a good part of that relates to the fact that we have a higher quality visitor compared to Genting. People say they have a lot of the construction workers. I personally wasn’t able to get there for the few days that I was there, but everybody else has been there. And so, the word that comes to me is they have domestic helper and construction workers, a lot of Bangladeshis. And we seem to have – just eyeballing it myself, we seem to have a higher quality of person, mostly it would appear to be middle class – lower to upper middle class people.
Shaun Kelley – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: And just one last one on that number, Sheldon, just to be clear you are talking about the 1 billion to 1.25 billion estimate that’s been put out in the market previously?
Sheldon Adelson: We haven’t given any guidance. We have debated. We have debated. We’ve said we came up with certain figures that were in excess of 1 billion and nobody got there. But we are looking at numbers and metrics that are on a ramp and that seemed to go very well. We can estimate – we believe that the final numbers after the ramp-up period and on a 12-month basis will be a heck of a lot closer, if not equal to or maybe even exceeding our number that we expected then – and the average of the consensus of all the analysts together at a substantially lower number. I mean most of the analysts are estimating, say, slots as an example, at the normal U.S. type of slot numbers, but the slot numbers of the 200 range. Slot numbers are over there. I am sure you’ve heard about Genting and our slot numbers. I have told you what they were on different days. And we still don’t – we haven’t maximized the most desirable games. We have to do the fine tuning of both the table games and denominations and the slots in denomination. By the way, the electronic table games over there are considered slots – slot units, which will go up to 2,500. And we believe that the slot return is so good and so promising for the future that we’re going to – we’re seriously considering putting in as many as the maximum that we can in the near future 2,500.
Shaun Kelley – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks everyone. Thanks Sheldon.
Sheldon Adelson: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Farley.
Robin Farley – UBS: Great, thanks. I wonder if you could help us quantify a little bit the impact of luck in the quarter, and I know that you said your ranges for normal hold are going to change, but based on the ranges that you talked about before the quarter, if you could help us kind of quantify because some of the factors aren’t in the release that would impact it, like – whether the play came in under what kind of arrangement [ph], so if you could help us quantify that for both Vegas and Macau? And then, also a question on Singapore, in terms of the stickiness of that local play, are most of the local visitors paying a one-time fee or are you getting some signing up for the annual membership, just trying to think about how long-term or how sticky that local visitation is?
Sheldon Adelson: Actually, I don’t think we have that information. We’re focusing on other stuff. Does anybody here have that information by chance?
Rob Goldstein: While we are searching information, I will just answer the Vegas hold issue. I think our number is dead on and should be because of our mix. Obviously, we had about $547 million in Las Vegas. About 50% of the drop came out of our Asian Baccarat, Chinese New Year’s week, couple of weeks. And so we didn’t play lucky, we played what we should have play, which is we held very well. Our historical is in the high 20s. It was actually held in the low 30s. But balancing that, the other half of the drop came out of our non-Baccarat more typical U.S. customer. We held very poorly, about 13%. We blended at the rate you see on the stat. We blended 234. But if you really look at – I don’t think we held high at all, but I think we held that dead-on we should be because the Baccarat business for the 10 years that we’ve been doing this we’ve held 28%, 29% against billions of dollars to drop. I think it’s reflective of the Baccarat market. The Asian play was disappointing because we held 5 points under the norm on the balance of the drop. So I don’t think in Las Vegas results because of the mix would be considered, 234 would be considered higher at that. I think it’s where it should be. Perhaps you can talk about Macau.
Sheldon Adelson: We have tried to skirt this issue. We’ll try to find a way to neutralize that will level it out on the hold. So I came up with the idea that we should take a 200 day – 100, 200-day or two or four quarter moving average. So we put together some of the figures, and the moving average, say, on the roll and – do you have the figures in front of you, Ken – the moving average on the roll, I believe, was exactly 2.84% over four quarters. 2.84%, you can’t get any more accurate than that. We could have come 1 basis point higher at 2.85%. But I think 2.84% is a very good moving average. You got to remember. So, every time we come over the low number nobody wants to adjust that upwards, because we had a lower than normal number. And everybody wants to reduce our performance down, when we come with high numbers. So, I think the average number should be, what it should be, what the average is over the long – the longer the period the greater the law of average is assuredly kicks in. Ken, do you want to make some comment about that?
Ken Kay: Well, I mean, breaking it up between the kind of the rolling and the non-rolling. On the rolling side, Sheldon is exactly right, in terms of the average, which is the 2.84, 2.85. If you look kind of the actual numbers for the first quarter, we were unlucky if you go by about $5 million on the role. And it’s a little complicated because you have to look at it on the volume base and win base. And the volume base was more from an overall kind of revenue perspective and we were unlucky, if you will, from that standpoint and a little bit lucky on the win side. So, when you kind of marry the two together because the volume base is with a higher percentage of the overall revenue stream, our net hold impact was an unfavorable 5 million. So, you basically have to add about $5 million to our performance for that. On the non-rolling side, if you compare it to the moving averages, we were a little bit favorable from that perspective. But, nonetheless, you have to look at it from the standpoint of we think that the actual performance that we achieved in the first quarter consistent with where the business has been performing over the last four quarters, and falling within that range. So, if you consider that our actual first quarter 2010 performance was within the range of performance that we’ve seen on the non-rolling business for each one of the properties in essence there’d be no adjustment for the non-rolling business. Now, if you compare it to just a single data point, which would be the moving average then we would have been favorable by approximately around $10 million or so. So, when you marry the two together meaning rolling and the non-rolling we are favorable in total by about $5 million.
Robin Farley – UBS: Okay, great. And that was helpful. Thanks. And then just last question. Can you break out what your casino receivables are and for both regions?
Ken Kay: What was that?
Rob Goldstein: Receivables.
Ken Kay: Yeah, just one second. Well, our casino receivables for Las Vegas on a net basis it’s about $118 million and for Macau it’s about $190 million.
Robin Farley – UBS: And do you have in front of you what percent reserved that is?
Ken Kay: Yeah, so in Vegas we’re about 31% reserved – but we have to look at it between – breakup between junkets and non-junkets. Overall it’s about 23% versus the non-junket business it’s about 39% reserved.
Robin Farley – UBS: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Felicia Hendrix.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Hi, guys. So, Sheldon on Singapore in your prepared remarks, I thought that you had said have something to the tune of your generating 45% to 50% profit. Did I hear that right?
Sheldon Adelson: You heard that the range of the departmental profits of the casino, which we do every day. Different days, depending upon the amount came in between 45 and 60 maybe it’s give or take 45, maybe 43, maybe 47. But the highest number I would tell was 60. I keep saying that we pick up 24% of the taxes alone.
Rob Goldstein: Versus Macao.
Sheldon Adelson: Versus Macao – well, actually thank you Rob. Versus Macao we picked up 24%. And although we do give away from 0.75 to 1.0 to the players direct, we save at least 25 basis points. Well, the average is probably somewhere between 0.75 and 1.0 so far at the high end. So, we are picking up 24 bps – 24 points on taxes. So, that’s a tough explanation. We picked up probably another 11% or 12% on the savings vis-à-vis to (inaudible). And by the way Mike said, and I’d like to put little more color to that, said that there will probably be some junket reps. Now, there are junket reps and they are junket reps. Lets calculate the Macao styled junket reps and then the Las Vegas styled junket reps. Las Vegas styled junket reps are really field sales people that send customers in, for which they get paid a basis of theoretical win with a cap. And some of the higher end players that people send in they make about $8,000 to $10,000 the field sales people, the junket reps in the field. But they are both unfortunately called the same thing. And there is the Macao styled junket reps that not only deliver the customer, they provide the credit and collection and they provide the cash. So, I don’t believe there is going to be a lot of the Macao style junket reps approved because I have talked to a couple of them myself, the only couple I’ve ever talked to. And they say they certainly don’t want to give out the information. They are very private people and they have – they deal in a lot of cash. And they’ll never submit that kind of information. So, I am very pessimistic that any of the Macao style junket reps will be approved or will I do it – or will not approved for inadequate information in Singapore. Now there may be some field sales people type of junket reps like you have seen in Las Vegas that might be approved.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: So this range, which is impressive to begin with, is within your first eight days. Assuming that like other new casinos you might not be as efficient. Could we see this range shift higher?
Sheldon Adelson: Well, you have certainly fixed expenses, so I don’t know how much high you can get. It has been – our highest range of estimate was in the 60s. But I don’t know how it can get much higher than that, because we have certain fixed charges.
Rob Goldstein: It really depends on the mix. We are doing three very diverse segments of this so far, the spot business, is one terrific segment thus far, Sheldon, my guess is [ph]. The mass table market so far has been very exciting to us. As we mentioned the premium, really depends on segments you are in, because obviously the most difficult segment margin wise is going to be the premium. Right, because you are discounting, you are doing other things, you are rolling, so you got expense against that. As long as our foreign [ph] mix we are doing very well in all three segments. But depends on the mix how strong the margin gets, because obviously the spot machine, just for example, on $400 million or $500 million of slot revenue your margins are going to be extraordinary far beyond 45%. It really depends on your mix and if you mix the mass tables ends up being $5 to $10 million that could be extraordinary all this labor [ph] and nominal complementary. So really depends on the mix of your revenues. The most difficult, it would be obviously the premium segment. But I think it really depends, what Sheldon was referencing is thus far. And all three segments are very strong. So, it depends which segment performs the best as to what the eventual margin would be.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay. Just staying on the margin topic, if we could move to Las Vegas for a minute, Rob, in this quarter you guys obviously saw a nice benefit from strong baccarat play, which helped margins. But when we think about – I know you’re getting a little more optimistic, but when we think about how you should look for I don’t know the next year or so. Is this the margin base you are comfortable with or should we – when we go forward and model take into consideration that maybe you had just extra good baccarat play this quarter?
Rob Goldstein: Well, let’s be candid. No one can refute the fact we had exceptional – our Las Vegas based sales team for the Asian business I think is extraordinary and they are proving it right now in Singapore and they are proving in Las Vegas. However, unfortunately, we can’t figure out a way to get Chinese to come every quarter like we want to make Chinese years every month we haven’t figured that out yet. So, let’s be clear that – we dropped $550 million and hold 37% that’s a pretty good thing right. But what I think is most exciting for Venetian Plaza, Las Vegas is this is – what Sheldon prophesied a decade ago in terms of the group connection business, it still holds true, and as the market returns, keep in mind, something I always tell people which is every $10 of ADR can contribute $20 to $25 million of EBITDA. So, I think, we are really the first guys to step up and anticipate as a top-tier property. When the commission segment moves up and group segment appreciates $10 lousy of ADR translates to $20 million, $25 million of EBITDA, I don’t want to depend on Asian high rollers or even foreigners. The base business we’re in is rooms and rate. And we need rates to move for us to get back. We want to be back to six and seven. But I think when it does come to be, we’ll be the first guy to jump in and participate from that side. So, margins are not going be consistent when you’re holding – when you have that kind of handle. Obviously, that drives our business. We are very proud of our slot win. We had exceptional slot results, and again, almost $50 million of top line. But again, what drives Las Vegas are room rates, and right now room rates will continue to be the decider of margin, decider of EBITDA. I just think when things get better – and I hate to be overly optimistic, but it’s been a good couple of three, four weeks of weekend stuff. And reentering ADRs back $30, $40, this place makes a whole bunch of money.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then speaking of that, when you just think about 2011, you touched on this somewhat, but what kind of rates are you booking your group business at yet so far?
Rob Goldstein: We’re trying to stay above $200. In some groups we’re getting higher than that. Very candidly, our goal is to exceed $200 in ‘11. I can’t say that we’re there yet. We have some business with (inaudible) that goes back six to eight months. This is a very competitive group market. And unfortunately, some people in the town just don’t believe that they can charge $250 and $300. We believe if some people would stop discounting aggressive, this market could move quickly. Very sincerely, I think the upside for us is significant. It’s material to our EBITDA. But for our group business to move every time we take a piece of business, we got to knock it down $30, $40 because someone else has offered [ph] 1.70. It’s painful, but it’s a fact of life, I think the town has to regain its sea legs, its belief that it’s a great place to visit. It’s stupidly inexpensive. Groups are flocking here because despite some comments on Las Vegas earlier, Las Vegas is the best place in the world that your group – people who don’t have a group for a meeting here it is silly. The rates are ridiculously cheap. I think they’re going to trend up aggressively when people believe in the town, and I hope it’s going to happen shortly. But I think our rates for ‘11 will be, hopefully, above 2, 2.15, but that’s the best I can hope for now for ‘11.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then final question, Sheldon, how are the condo sales going?
Sheldon Adelson: What condos?
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Co-ops. I am sorry, the co-ops.
Sheldon Adelson: The co-ops. We are just in the throes of getting the final okay. In days the last email I got from Jacob said that. He expects the ability to move it into the separate corporation that we’ve setup and that he would immediately start selling. The responsibility for that was moved from the Minister of Finance to the Minister of Public Works. And the last email I got was positive, was optimistic about our getting okay. And the sales activity that condo – they don’t have co-op over there, but the condo market in Hong Kong, as an example, was very strong and the condo market in Shanghai, which caused the Chinese Government to say, well, we want to cool this hot market up, the market has been hot enough. And as Mike has said, we are looking for other foreigners. We are not looking for Macau residents. So, Steve Jacobs – the sales department was looking at 1,500 a foot and I told them that we should keep our original target of $1,750 a foot and we’re looking at strong market in both Korea and Japan.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Great. Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Your final question comes from Larry Klatzkin.
Sheldon Adelson: You used to be first.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Hi, saving the best for last, what I can say. Actually majority of my questions have been answered. I guess one question would be, as far as Singapore goes, are you guys still in the mode of ramping up the mall and would you still consider selling that mall if you are allowed to?
Sheldon Adelson: Not yet.
Ken Kay: We can’t sell it for…
Sheldon Adelson: No, no. Under the sale of real estate, we can’t sell it I think for seven years. However, I still think we’ll get a lot more up in the next several months. We’ll ramp up to completion. It should be completed by the end of the year, but I wouldn’t even consider it until we found out that it matured. By matured meaning that it has gone up substantially. Now, that a lot of the tenants are in percentage rents, which go from 12.5 to 18 there, just like Macau. And I wouldn’t consider selling it now.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: All right. So, once you hit Street numbers and past, you will look at what you can do with it?
Sheldon Adelson: We’ll have to grow, Larry, and then see what happens. If we level off the growth or the growth rate stops – if we feel we’re getting towards the maximum, we got to leave some room for anybody who buys it to have some growth in it too besides just inflation. So I would say it’s – if I had to give an answer today, I would say it’s probably at least two years, maybe three away.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Monetizing the cash flow stream. Okay, that’s good. That’s good. And other than that, I think all the rest of my questions have been answered. So, congratulations on a great quarter.
Sheldon Adelson: Thank you. And I think on a good rate, I think that we’ll be able to sell it. At a good cap rate, we’ll be able to sell it and have money to pay off our debt.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: That would be fantastic.
Sheldon Adelson: Originally – the original budget, and if we get into percentage rents, we’ll get back to the original budget. But a lot of the leases were signed during the economic tsunami, but we still have the percentage rents. And if they hit where the original budget was, we’ll be able to sell it and get back most of our costs.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: That would be great, $1 billion of cash flow and no debt. All right, thanks guys.
Sheldon Adelson: $1 billion? Who said just $1 billion?
Rob Goldstein: It sounds Larry.
Sheldon Adelson: Is your analyst orientation leaking out? Are there any further questions?
Operator: There are no further questions.
Sheldon Adelson: Okay. Thank you, everybody. It’s been a good time, except that it felt like September 18. The stock market today felt more like September 18, ‘08. But I’m sure you’ll all respond positively to our business. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-17 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan Briggs – VP, IR Sheldon Adelson – Chairman and CEO Mike Leven – President and COO Rob Goldstein – EVP and President & COO of The Venetian & The Palazzo Las Vegas Ken Kay – SVP and CFO Steve Jacobs – President & CEO, Sands China Ltd. Tom Arasi – President & CEO, Marina Bay Sands
Analysts: Joe Greff – JPMorgan Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital Cameron McKnight – Buckingham Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein David Bain – Sterne, Agee & Leach Dennis Forst – KeyBanc Capital Robin Farley – UBS Chris Woronka – Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good afternoon, my name is Kerry and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time, I’d like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corporation’s fourth quarter and yearend earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator instructions) I’d like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Briggs, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Mr. Briggs, you may begin your conference.
Dan Briggs: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me today are Mr. Sheldon G. Adelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Leven, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Rob Goldstein, Executive Vice President and President of The Venetian and The Palazzo Las Vegas; Ken Kay, our CFO; Steve Jacobs, CEO of Sands China Ltd.; and Tom Arasi, CEO of Marina Bay Sands. Before we begin, I need to remind you that today’s conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we’re making under the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal Securities laws. I would also like to caution you that the company’s actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today’s press release under the caption forward-looking statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted EDITDA, adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS, and adjusted property EBITDA, which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Adelson.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks, Dan. Good afternoon. Thank you all for joining us today. I will begin the call today by sharing a few general thoughts on the quarter. I will then hand the call over to Mike Leven to provide some additional data. In Macau, I am pleased to report that we generated more EBITDAR from our three properties during the fourth quarter of 2009 than in any other quarter in the company’s history. We continued to lead the Macau market in its most important measure of financial performance. Notwithstanding the often quoted gross gaming market share figures, we firmly believe that EBITDAR is the appropriate measure of overall financial performance. And that growth, in this metric, along with increasing returns on net invested capital will translate directly into shareholder value. Total net revenue at our three properties did increase 25% compared to last year’s fourth quarter, but most importantly adjusted property EBITDAR increased a whopping 48% across our portfolio of properties in Macau. For the Venetian Macao, EBITDAR for the quarter was a record $175 million, an increase of over 55% compared to last year's fourth quarter. EBITDA margin increased to 30.6%, another quarterly record. The Four Seasons Hotel Macao and Plaza Casino also had its best quarter yet. The strength of our business model in Macao is clearly on display in our quarterly results. Our focus on the highly profitable mass gaming hotel and retail businesses together with our attention in cost control and efficiency has allowed us to grow our EBITDA faster than others in the market that rely more heavily on lower margin segments for growth. A strong quarterly performance provides momentum as we resume the construction process on our largest Cotai Strip development today, casinos five and six directly across the Cotai Strip from The Venetian Macao and Four Seasons Hotel Macao. We like to call that development ‘The Game-Changer’ because we believe the addition of the – to the Cotai Strip of a development of that scale at 13.3 million square feet together with its resident cornucopia of world-class attractions in the Manadies [ph] will change the dynamic of Macao quite dramatically. The first phase of the development featuring 3,700 hotel rooms from the Shangri-La, Traders and Sheraton brands will open in June 2011, around 16 months from today. The second phase of the development will open approximately six months thereafter and will feature an additional 2,300 rooms from the Sheraton Towers brand totaling 6,000 keys. We are confident that the addition of our latest integrated resort development will both enhance Macau's appeal as a tourism and nice destination, and extend our position in some leading mass market operator in Macau. Also during the quarter, we completed the sales of a minority interest in our Macau operations. So the listing of Sands China Limited on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. SCL now trades in Hong Kong under listing code 1928, must have been a good year. We were pleased to both increase our cash reserves to just under $5 billion of unrestricted cash on our balance sheet and to offer Asian and other investors the opportunity to participate in the future growth in Macau through Sands China Limited. Turning to our Marina Bay Sands development in Singapore, we are now entering the final stages of our pre-opening activities and expect to announce the specific April opening date next week. SB in Singapore opened last Sunday an early indications are that, that our activity is brisk and robust. This contributes to our enthusiasm about the property’s potential to generate both significant growth and strong returns. We look forward to introduce this iconic destination resort to the world in about ten weeks, and to formally celebrating its debut with the people of Singapore in a grand opening celebration in June. Finally, let me spend a moment on Las Vegas. The good news is that group business is returning. In fact, our group business was up 20% in the first 40 days of 2010 compared to last year. Forward bookings were also increasing for both 2010 and 2011. Two things, The Venetian and The Palazzo was purposefully built to serve this customer segment and with two in a quarter mainly with exhibition and meeting space as well as 7100 all suite rooms and Marriott dining and entertainment amenities. We believe we are extremely well positioned to benefit as the recovery in the group business sector continues. So, overall from my perspective I am extremely pleased with both our performance today and our positioning for the future. I’ll now turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Leven: Thank you, Sheldon. I will add just a couple of big picture points because I think the results pretty much speak for themselves, and we want to allow plenty of time for your questions. Our operating results clearly reflect our right-sizing and efficiency initiatives. We have eliminated over $500 million of costs from our expense base. We are working hard to make sure that a culture of efficiency and a focus on cost control would be among the most important pillars of our future success. Our strong results in Macau reflect that focus on efficiency and a healthy gain in market. The Venetian Macao remains the clear market leader in mass play in Macau, delivering non-rolling drop of $905 million and a record slot handle of $659 million for the quarter. We strongly believe that the development of critical mass on Cotai Strip, including the City of Dreams as well as Galaxy’s plant property at Cotai, and our development phases [ph] five and six, it not only expand the market but in greater mass play as well as greater hotel and retail revenues to our current, the future properties, but also will contribute to the maturation process of the Cotai Strip as evolution as Asia’s premier business and leisure destination. Cash flow generation of The Venetian Macau continues to mirror our strategy. For every dollar of EBITDA generated at the property during the quarter approximately 49% was produced by less volatile, higher margin mass gaming and slot play. Approximately 26% was generated from non-gaming areas including our hotel, convention, banquet and retail operations had approximately 25% was contributed by the more variable, lower margin VIP rolling play. We remained focused on developing and growing our premium direct business, which is the higher margin segment of VIP rolling play. The direct VIP play at The Venetian Macao grew to $1.7 billion or approximately 70% of the more than $10 billion of roll-in volumes during the quarter. At the Four Seasons Hotel Macao and Plaza Casino which is clearly benefiting from our 19 Pieza mansions rolling volume grew impressively to $3.8 billion, while direct VIP business accounted for $1.1 billion or 29% of that amount. Let me spend a moment on the Sands Hotel. The Sands Macao EBITDA increased 8% to $56 million for the quarter reflecting healthy gaming volumes and the execution of the right-sizing and efficiency programs. Our flow through the EBITDA was less pronounced at Sands this quarter because of approximately $12 million of high reserves for receivables primarily relating to one long-time player. The Sands remains a market leader in mass play on the Peninsula, delivering non-rolling drop of $579 million and a record slot handle of over $352 million, an increase of nearly 40% compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. Rolling volume of $6.6 million was the highest of the property since the third quarter of 2008. The operating momentum of our Macao properties continued in January of this year with strong year-over-year growth despite the fact that Chinese New Year fell in January last year. So that covers Macao. Let me spend a moment on Sands Bethlehem before Rob covers Las Vegas. Historically, it has taken about 17 months on average the slot palace [ph] in Pennsylvania to complete their initial ramp-up. Since we only opened the property in May of last year, it clearly remains the early days of Sands Bethlehem. We continue to believe the property has great potential, particularly given the introduction of table games in the Pennsylvania market, which will occur later this year. With respect to our current performance we generated $6 million of EBITDA for the quarter. We look to improve that performance in the near term to enhance marketing programs. We are also resuming that development strategy in light of the introduction of table games and are preparing to submit our applications to install table games at Sands Bethlehem to the Pennsylvania gaming control business. We expect to introduce approximately 80 tables to the property in the third quarter. The table games offering should enable us with a broad custom segments, enhance our revenues and should contribute to great profitability of property overall With that let's go to Rob in Las Vegas.
Rob Goldstein: Thanks, Mike. The Las Vegas properties delivered EBITDA of $57 million in the fourth quarter compared to $90 million in the fourth quarter of last year. In a nutshell, the game piece of our business is holding up pretty well, in fact the volume levels clearly are trending above what they were in 2008. The problem for us and for all Las Vegas remains room rates. Decreased hotel, food and beverage revenues is still the high margin segments of our Las Vegas business grew up profitability in this quarter. In addition low table hold also negatively impact our results by our $20 million. Table game drop was $509 million from the fourth quarter, a modest increase in the fourth quarter of 2008 while slot one was $51 million for the quarter, about the same as 2008 fourth quarter. Our January performance in Las Vegas is quite healthy compared to last year, principally due to revenue growth and continued impact of our right-sizing initiatives. ADR for the month reflected a slight increase from last year, that's particularly promising result given last year’s ADR in January included some room blocks having booked at a higher pricing levels existed before the economic downturn. Looking ahead, we will clearly realize more group rooms in 2010 than we realized in 2009. The pace of group bookings continues to improve and all signs indicate 2011 will be stronger than 2010. In 2009, we realized approximately 478,000 group room nights; as of today we have more than that number on our books for 2010. In the month of January, we realized approximately 64,000 group room up 17% from 55,000 group room nights in 2009. As Sheldon mentioned in his comments, we do expect that pricing will turn around and business expansion and economy eventually strengthen. Until then we will continue to focus on providing service to our business customers, and work to ensure that our all suite integrated resort offerings remains the most attractive destination for business in the Las Vegas market. So in summary, our gaming business is relatively healthy with volumes turning above 2008 levels and our costs are down. Given that backdrop, we are confident that Los Vegas properties will exhibit significant operating leverage as pricing in the group’s business segment proves. With that, I will turn it to over to Ken.
Ken Kay: Thanks, Rob. As Sheldon mentioned earlier, during the quarter we completed the sale of a minority interest in our Macao operations. We also made marked progress on our de-leveraging strategy and mitigated the financial risks associated with covenant compliance on our credit facilities. We now have in excess $5 million of cash and cash equivalence on our balance sheet. That cash has significantly increased our financial flexibility and will enable us to execute additional component of our de-leveraging strategy in the future. Excluding our development financing in Singapore, we paid down or retired in excess of $1.1 billion of debt during the quarter. In addition to our cash balances of December 31st, we have approximately $850 million of availability under our undrawn credit facilities at current exchange rates, principally through our Singapore credit facility. So together we have approximately $5.85 billion of cash, cash equivalents and available sources of liquidity. The principal uses for that $5.85 billion include approximately $1.5 billion of capital expenditures, pre-opening FF&E and construction period interest to spend of our Marina Bay Sands development in Singapore through the end of calendar 2010. An additional $400 million principally retained its payments on the development will be paid out of cash flow from the completed property in 2011. Further, approximately $400 million in additional equity contributions will be made toward the development of parcels five and six on the Cotai Strip in Macao. In addition, in March we expect to close the previously announced $1.75 billion credit facility to fund construction of parcels five and six in Macao. The equity and project financing is sufficient to complete the first two phases of that development, which will features over 6,000 hotel rooms and all the major cash flow generating components of the development. As of December 31st, total debt was $11 billion, while our cost of borrowing remains low. Our weighted average interest rate for the quarter was approximately 4% compared to 6.1% in the fourth quarter of 2008. At our current levels of operating performance, our cash balances provide ample cushion for compliance (inaudible) group covenant compliance purposes at December 31st, 2009, our trailing 12 months EBITDA was $412 million, our total gross domestic debt was $5.2 billion, our cash balances up in the US restricted group were $3 billion and our calculated net debt was $2.2 billion. Our leverage ratio was 5.3 times compared to a maximum leverage covenant under our US credit facility of 6.5 times. For the Venetian Macao restricted group at December 31, 2009, our trailing 12-months EBITDA for compliance purposes was $940 million. Total gross debt at the Venetian Macao restricted group was $2.6 billion, and our leverage ratio was 2.81 times compared to a maximum leverage covenant of 4.5 times. We remained focus on maximizing operating profitability to enable debt reduction while our business will naturally generate a significant amount of free cash flow that will enable de-leveraging in the future. We also expect to execute in due course the sale of non-core assets which will enable significant debt repayments and enhance return on investments. With that I will turn the call back over to Sheldon.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks, Ken. Before we go to Q&A let me make a couple of final points. We worked very aggressively over the last year to right-size our cost structure and to clean up our balance sheet. The results of those efforts are now clear. We just completed the most successful quarter in our history, generating record revenues and EBITDA, and our balance sheet now has more than $5 billion of cash, providing significant financial flexibility and enabling us to continue our industry leading growth strategy. We stand today on the cusp of our next major phase of Sands growth. In about ten weeks Marina Bay Sands will open its stores to the public, introducing to the people of South Asia a convention-based integrated resort destination that will be unique in the world. In less than 18 months from today, we will open additional integrated resort destination on parcels five and six on Macau’s Cotai Strip including the Shangri-La, Traders, Sheraton and extend Sheraton brands and extending position in the world’s largest gaming market on the doorstep of the world’s fastest growing major economy. And while the Las Vegas market may not shine quite as brightly as our Asian properties in the net term, our convention based business model remains compelling, and we remain confident that our group business strategy together with our reduced cost base will enable us to perform well in Las Vegas in the years ahead, particularly in comparison with our competitors. With that, we’ll move to your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And your first question comes from Joe Greff with JPMorgan.
Joe Greff – JPMorgan: Good afternoon everyone. Thank you Mike for clarifying about the Sands Macau reserve being largely one long time customer. Can you help us understand if you could do by property if you want to do it from Macau in the aggregate at the end of the fourth quarter to what sort of outstanding receivables you have out there and what’s reserved against that, anything you want to talk about sort of collection history in general. Obviously, we’re all reading articles about China tightening. I guess how concerned are you that you’re adequately reserved? And then second Macau related question, if you can help us understand, I guess, what percentage of your VIP junket related business is on a revenue share basis? And then where are you on a percentage of revenues relative to what you think the market or where the market is right now?
Sheldon Adelson: That’s about 10 questions.
Joe Greff – JPMorgan: I have a couple of more to add to that.
Ken Kay: Let me address the receivables, and then –
Sheldon Adelson: Joe, the memory is first thing to go. I can't remember all those questions.
Ken Kay: Let me address the receivables and then Steve will take the rest of it. At the end of the year, I mean, you got to break down the total receivables between Casino hotels and other, but I think where your focus is more on Casino, we got about let’s call, $440 million approximately of receivables. We have about 22% reserve for doubtful accounts against that (inaudible) will be higher than Las Vegas about 28%. But in Macao you’ve got to break it out between kind of the junkets and non-junkets. So if you back out the junkets (inaudible) receivables, which is a fairly modest reserve against that – reserve against the remaining receivables balance is about 32%, which we think is adequate. And part of, I think, what went on during the course of 2009 was a little bit of catch up with regard to some of the slower paying accounts and thus approaching it more conservatively in that regard.
Steve Jacobs: Joe, I think the second part of your question was what percentage of the junkets has switched to revenue share versus the volume base. We had 19 contracts that were up for renewal at the end of the year and of those 19, 15, 16 of those actually chose the volume based. I’ll tell you at the end of our next quarter what the actual share will be, because we’ve got a due respect month-to-month changes between the revenue base and volume base.
Joe Greff – JPMorgan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Felicia Hendrix with Barclays Capital.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Hi, good afternoon.
Ken Kay: Hi, Felicia.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Hi. Just a few questions for you. In Macao some pluses and minuses in terms of hold, some places better, some places lower than – is there a net impact you can give us so you can help us through that?
Ken Kay: Sure. In the quarter the holding pack was probably about, it was about a little bit north of $50 million that they were favorable.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: $50 million favor?
Ken Kay: Yes. Okay.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: And then –
Sheldon Adelson: On EBITDA.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay. Now just going back to that bad debt, at Sands Macau, part of – prior part of bad debt issued but our margin that the rest wasn’t unexpected so (inaudible)?
Ken Kay: Whatever we really can't hear you on the cell phone.
Sheldon Adelson: You must be moving around on a cell phone because we can't understand, your voice is distorting.
Ken Kay: We heard something about margin degradation at the Sands Macau; can you try to restate the question?
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Yes. Is it better?
Ken Kay: Yes.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay. What I was wondering is Macau part of the differential I think what allows us a debt expense but it also fell short of expectations, I was wondering other than hold is there anything out there that would be impacting margins?
Ken Kay: I can't understand what you say?
Sheldon Adelson: She is talking about the margin impact.
Ken Kay: Yes, I think the question is the perceived degradation of the margin at Sands, is that correct?
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Correct.
Ken Kay: Okay. There is couple of things to going out. One, we talked about the reserve that we took for a long-time outstanding receivable, that was about $12 million. The second had to do with the incentive cost which we booked fourth quarter, which is our bonus, typically that is accrued quarter-to-quarter, as we’re digging into the tail-end of our fourth quarter, moving ahead and we reserve all of our bonus for the fourth quarter.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just, are you guys seeing at the Venetian Macao, City of Dreams has now started a new marketing program, are you guys seeing any kind of impact from that at all, anything promotional coming from them?
Ken Kay: We certainly see their volumes picking up which is very positive Cotai Strip. That’s your Get-Lucky campaign. You can’t miss it everywhere you go, even on the Do-Not-Disturb sign; it has to get lucky, which is quite pleasant. I don’t know how people are getting lucky but certainly the (inaudible) we’ll research that later. The overall – I think that from what we can tell is going up, and is going up favorable to (inaudible) and that accounts reserve by no means conclusive, but rather directionally correct.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay, and then finally –
Sheldon Adelson: Felicia, I’d just like to clarify what Steve said before about that write-off. That was not really a really a long-term write-off. The debt started about a year ago, and a long term write-off in our terms, I mean, the write-off of a long-term debt would be somewhere in excess of a year. Our payments are being made on this, not as much as we would like. The man was a major, he was in a play, he was also a player but he was also a junket rep, and the amount of money that was build up was not on the basis of him playing but was as a junket rep. So, we cut our junket rep relationship with him. He does have other assets; he has been a customer of our company and certain executives in the company for over 20 years and has always paid his debts. And we feel confident, and frankly I had a sort of warm discussion with our CFO about the necessity to take that. It was really heated, he was going to take my cane and beat him over the head but I was dissuaded from hitting him, only because he is about a foot taller than me. And so, I objected to that write-off but he claims that PW required us to write it off, PWC. And then, that was an extraordinary write-off. That’s not a usual kind of write-off.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Right, understood. Thank you. Rob, in Las Vegas, are you seeing any promotional activity in gaming and play at all?
Rob Goldstein: Well, on the gaming side, there is increased pressure I think on the high end on some discounting in airfare but I don’t think it's exceptional, probably Las Vegas remains room rate, and now I think the gaming issue. For us, it’s not an issue, it’s more room rate remains in all segments that pressure.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay. And on that subject, obviously, competitors are trying to build market share in the convention business, I was wondering what you guys are doing to try to maintain your market share?
Sheldon Adelson: We’ve actually – I know that one of our competitors has been boasting about taking business from us. The bottom line is that we’ve done a calculation and we’ve taken more business from them than they have from us. And we allowed them to take some business from us because in one case there was group of thousands of room nights that they gave an $80 less rate on the rooms than what we quoted and what we were willing to give, we gave up that group, let it go to the area [ph] wherever they want. For one unit, the group has come back and signed us as the more realistic rates for the following two years. They talked about – MGM talks about standalone business from us. We take more business from them then they do from us, and the fact of the matter is that they just don’t have the experience from having been on other side of the desk in dealing with conventions later on the standard service and the issues that have to addressed, so, we don’t want to buy that business. We were complimented by a competitor with whom one of our colleagues had dinner last week, and that competitor said, that the industry recognized that we were the only one that was our rates up there and everybody wishes they do can hold their rates up. But maybe we will set a leadership role and perhaps they’ll keep their rates up.
Felicia Hendrix – Barclays Capital: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Ken Kay: Thanks, Felicia.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cameron McKnight with Buckingham.
Cameron McKnight – Buckingham: Good afternoon, guys. How are you?
Sheldon Adelson: We are good.
Cameron McKnight – Buckingham: Sheldon, just wondering if you could elaborate for us on the current quarter-to-date, quarter-to-date conditions that you are seeing in Macao especially in the mass market in January and February?
Sheldon Adelson: Well, first, this as a quarter, we can't get into that because we are public [ph] in Macao and we can't disclose any information for January and February; hear it over yes when SCL hasn’t disclosed it yet.
Cameron McKnight – Buckingham: Got it. And can you, are you able to – you able to comment generally on Chinese New Year and how –?
Sheldon Adelson: Let's put it this way. Over the results we’re smiling we are not frowning.
Ken Kay: Yeah. We have our lawyers down. A gut shot, just put a couple of things in –
Sheldon Adelson: Oh, I guess, gut shot.
Ken Kay: A couple of things in the context with regards to Macau. This is an odd number; it’s usually a Macau number. If you look at January '09 versus '08 up significantly. If you look at a press clipping that came out yesterday or the day before, for the expectation for Chinese New Year is exceptionally strong. We got to make the mass market. We always have, nothing has changed. So as Sheldon said, we’re quite pleased with where we we’re at today vis-à-vis our expectation for Q1.
Cameron McKnight – Buckingham: Right. Thanks. And some have been talking about a commission war erupting with SJ, [ph] are you seeing any evidence of that?
Ken Kay: None to-date but I would necessarily carve that as SJ [ph] with the new restrictions on the junket commission caps. You have seen over the last really five to six months, a fair amount of jockeying from all of the different concessionaires, the simple truth in Macao is you can’t buy business through commission and you could move share of a point, two point, three point, through changes in those commission rates, but it is not sustainable, what you can’t build a business on gimmicks or on incentives, it got to be built on the fundamentals. So, notwithstanding the fact that from time to time some of our competitors raise their commission rates. At the end of the day it comes back to haunt them and everything settles back down to a sustainable level.
Cameron McKnight – Buckingham:
 :
Sheldon Adelson: Tom, do you have anything to say about that? Tom Arasi is the CEO of Singapore.
Tom Arasi: Yes, hi. We have a significant piece of group business IPBA coming in at that time end of the month, and there is discussion about potential VIP speakers there. We’re not aware that anyone is absolute confirmed, however.
Cameron McKnight – Buckingham: We understand that Al Gore is speaking, (inaudible) is speaking. I think for Singapore….
Tom Arasi: Yes.
Cameron McKnight – Buckingham: We also have another group, a bank, having a big group, just a weak performing week.
Tom Arasi: Correct
Cameron McKnight – Buckingham: Group just a week, the final week.
Tom Arasi: Yes, the Calendar is building, particularly as very get closer to announcing opening dates, particularly if people see everything coming together. So, we are pleased how well that’s moving along.
Cameron McKnight – Buckingham: Right. Thanks very much guys.
Kevin Kay: Thanks, Cameron.
Operator: Your next question comes from Larry Klatzkin with Chapdelaine.
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine: Hey, guys.
Sheldon Adelson: Hi, Larry.
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine: Nice to see The Four Seasons start to respond. Couple of things, one, the bonus reserve you said it all did in the fourth quarter this year, how’s that compare to what you reserve in the fourth quarter last year?
Sheldon Adelson: Yes, the –
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine: Okay. As for as table games upside and Bethlehem was kind of minor for you guys but what do you guys thinking, you said eight tables?
Sheldon Adelson: 80.
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine: Okay. I misheard it there. Okay, so you think it could be a significant gain to the property?
Sheldon Adelson: Well, all of the form of the forecast for Bethlehem and for table games, which has been published by many of the analyst community, is just about where we are projecting the situation. We think that 80 tables appropriately aligned and trained and can generate the numbers that have been published. It should be a big impact not only in table game themselves but on the rest of the facility in terms of restaurants and all of that as well.
Mike Leven: Will be the closet casino to New York City, and of course to Northern New Jersey, and as far as we can see by alliance [ph] city, they continue to decline, and we may pick-up an incremental chunk of business out of city too.
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine:
 :
Sheldon Adelson: This commission rate and those commission rate Larry, as you probably recall, pardon me, equity days, and the commission rate for a junket rep in the field which I called a field sales person, is kept at a few thousand dollars. But it’s not the Macao style commission. So the second commission rate is the Macao style commission rate for which the junket reps perform three functions. One, they find a customer, two they provide the credit, and three they get the money into our venue from where they come. Obviously we can’t have anything to do directly with that, and we’re not going to. And to the best of our knowledge, they say, Genting says that they intend to pay 1.5, but the Singapore government continues to maintain unequivocally, and when the Singapore government maintain something unequivocally you can go to sleep on that. You can bank on it. They say there will be no junket reps of the Macao style. They don’t want people to come in and earn 40%, 50% or more of the gross income and they – to the best of our knowledge they have received very, very few applications probably only applications from somebody in the former category of junket reps, not the ones who provide the credit. So it’s still, a moving target. My personal take on this is that if there were junket reps, they will be of the formal type, and not because the government want to necessarily improve them but because they are not going to apply. Everybody, everyone of our company’s directors that has applied, including myself say it’s the most comprehensive, the most detailed application they have ever had to fill out in their lifetime. So, I don’t think, well, I am positive but the junket reps in Macau are not going to provide the information that Singapore gaming control authorities want.
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine Credit: All right, so you stop to give the gamblers kind of discounts, so what do you guys think like, you're probably giving them 0.7 to 0.9 to the gamblers or combination of versus the 1.25 you giving in Singapore, is that reasonable?
Ken Kay: That is right. I suspect, and all my estimates have been figured on about 0.7 to 0.75 or 0.8, direct to the player that want to get compensated and even out the neutralized the house advantage a little bit. We would rather, we're going to give them the option of Las Vegas way, or the rolling chip way. So, if somebody says well, I'm not, I want to do a rolling chip, so I just want to know that if I lose I want a discount of X%. And we’re not trying to have it that way because on the roll we have to pay when we lose, on the losses we pay on that. And we are much better off that way in my opinion.
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine Credit: So, this would actually mean maybe next year what, 15, 20 basis points of margins at Macau?
Ken Kay: It’s – well, if we don’t get, I feel that we should be getting 30 to 40 percentage, 30 or 40 basis points, not basis points, 30% to 40% more, just on the taxes alone, we will pick up at least 24% and if now integrated resort model if we make 28% or 30% and we add another 24%, never mind the savings on the junket reps, we are 54% of gross and if we pick up, it depends upon the ratio of high-end versus math but let’s take around a number of 50/50. It’s 44%, we save it 1.25% and let’s say we get half of that. So we would save 0.22 on the total, and if we give half of that to the player we would save about 11% which could bring us to an extraordinary EBITDA margin. I mean, it’s so large I don’t want to – it sounds like blue sky, but I don’t see any reason why it can’t occur.
Rob Goldstein: Keep in mind that the rolling director the customer also the big variable there is credit, right. Not just about, this is no junket reps, it's question of not what we pay or Genting pays, the question is who wants to issue in cost to credit, that will determine in part what the rolling number is.
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine: So you guys put a chunk of money that you are willing to use for credit in Singapore, sort of, will be significant?
Rob Goldstein: Yes. Our model is to be in the credit business in Singapore with creditworthy customers and right people we can collect from in a direct fashion, yes.
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine: Is this new ruling with win on credit correction – do you think significant like The Hong Kong decision.
Ken Kay: I can only speak for Macau, but I can tell you that it has had profound impacts on your billing to get people’s attention.
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine: Sure.
Ken Kay: To come back and play or pay. It was a very big watershed event for those who extend credit account. The fact that you can now collect through also –
Sheldon Adelson: So the big deal.
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine: All right, we’re good guys. Thanks. I appreciate it.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks, Larry.
Mike Leven: Larry, well listen, I want to say that we experienced between 1% or 2% default rate here in Las Vegas. I think, and my personal opinion is that if we judicious in our granting of credit, which we certainly are going to make an effort to be. We will experience a very low single digit credit default rate because the Asian people are far more face sensitive. If somebody tries to collect money, particularly if you collect money from gambling because of the stigma that is present in their social circles, and the last thing they want to do is let their government find out they are doing this. So I think that we’ll have a much higher collection success rate than otherwise thought.
Operator: Your next question comes from Janet Brashear with Sanford Bernstein.
Sheldon Adelson: Are you whispering Janet?
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: Not me, don’t know where that’s coming from. Thank you. My question is about just rates at The Venetian and The Palazzo, we know that last year The Venetian was doing 163, the Palazzo was doing 179, and as Rob was talking about the rate pressure, I am wondering what you’d expect for 2010?
Rob Goldstein: Any segment in particular, just in general?
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: Well, across the board, I know you have your group rooms booked in largely for the year, at least for the same level year, I’ll be curious to know how those rates are trending and then what the overall impact is on your RevPAR?
Rob Goldstein: Well, we’re turning down, I mean, relative to 2009 rates were 211 for actual group segment for the year, were down in the 180 range for 2010, high 170s to 180s. And again the competitive pressure is pretty relentless, I mean, to be honest with you it’s not slowing down. And everyone’s numbers in turn you have to factor in, this segment is growing tremendously and that is everybody in town is not – just they’re thumping room is off to slot and tail players at a higher rate than ever. So, obvious factor, I think there will be big driver of your ADRs. I mean, our ADR obviously as rate pressure across the board in every segment, no one is immune to it. I am hoping we can maintain a better cash ADR than we hope to, in the past but the rate pressure will determine that and the market determine that. Every day you are getting emails, you look at the offers out there, there is pressure, whether it would be the casino segment, the FIT, the wholesale and you got to factor in these days the non-cash RevPAR segment, which is driven by the growing use of comp rules in every hotel in this town. So, I am trying to allude your things every day, and we are trying and maintain rate I think Sheldon and Mike both referenced, our attempts is to stay above the market somewhat but rooms rates are actual down and that is a function of the marketplace, and I don’t see how that changes in the markets such trending up a bit.
Sheldon Adelson: It varies, I want to address that, excuse me. It varies from show to show, and event to event. We have a largest convention facility in the world. We have 330 meeting rooms including ballrooms, and we have got – hold room somewhere in the 50,000 person category simultaneously. Now there is no need for 50,000 people to sit simultaneously but we can overlap of smaller groups. And so if we have a group that needs the facilities that only we could provide and nobody else can provide, we maintained the leverage on the room rates. So far the room rates on the groups have been what we’ve had been in the twos for the most part, and Rob is shaking his head, he’s saying I’m right about that. We are trending up now. We are upset that they were trending down because of the competition. But this two packages of competition, the people that small and they don’t need a lot of the breakout rooms, they can go somewhere else and the larger groups that need our breakout rooms that nobody else can provide. So, we maintain some leverage, and beside there are – it’s just – they’re coming out it's like a tsunami of groups that are signing up. I don’t want to wish us anything but we do have a government group coming in that, we can’t say with demand like that. That stayed in a pretty good rate. And we got to face that the Las Vegas is the best convention and most cost effective, most efficient convention city on the world, and we are the leader in the convention in this market.
Mike Leven: The group segment obviously continues the most desirable segment in the city in terms of both ADR and when they attend midweek. And I think we will survive and profit from that segment but it has been challenging. The more challenging segments for everybody is the FIT wholesale, and those segments are, you can see those everyday on the internet and see who is doing what and it's challenging by any one’s, anyway you look at this, it’s a very difficult FIT wholesale market.
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: Okay, factoring all those segments is it fair to assume that your RevPAR will be down in 2010 versus 2009?
Sheldon Adelson: A what?
Rob Goldstein: A RevPAR.
Mike Leven: James, it’s Mike. I think we’ll be slightly down because there was a hangover in 2009 and the first four or five months of group business and other business that we have worked in 2008. But I think the RevPAR, I think there has been a lot of commentary by others about their RevPAR’s improvement going up and I am sure you have seen some of that. I think honestly we don’t know what the sun is going to look like at this point, which is going to determine, we had that number, we always going to end up where we don’t have groups, where we have groups I think our RevPAR will grow, where we don’t have groups it may be very difficult in the summer to hold it.
Sheldon Adelson: We just moved the group into the summer.
Mike Leven: Yes, we moved in September –
Ken Kay: It is a big show.
Mike Leven: So I think we are, sort of, in the early going, as we’ve said the early going we seem to be holding up here, but I think, inevitably I think if you are looking purely at RevPAR which I personally think is a misleading number to involve Casino cost like that will go around the city because people who use Casino comps, they think to build up their RevPAR by putting a special rate on it, we don’t do that, but other do. I think RevPAR will be closer to losing a little RevPAR this year than last year. I don’t think it’s going to affect our EBITDA in any way actually.
Rob Goldstein: I think it all depends on what happens first through the last half of the year. If the – if we continue to pick up group bookings between now and at the end of the year, I think the ADR will increase, if we maintain that level of bookings. So I'm on the optimistic side of comparison to last year.
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: Thanks. If I could ask one more question on the group side, that this time in Macau, now that you have extra hotel rooms on Cotai Strip with the higher rooms from City of Dreams, and you've got five and six in the works, where is the tipping point where you become – where Macau and the Cotai strip becomes an important convention destination and you have a high utilization of your space there?
Sheldon Adelson: When the Chinese and the Asian population shrink to a fraction of what they are today. I mean, there is 1.3 million people, there is a 120 million in Japan, there is 44 million in Korea, there is 24 million in Taiwan. I don’t understand how anybody could say, one of the analysts I read the report last night said that it's very clear that the opening of Genting in Singapore made it abundantly clear that this truly is an industry that supply creates the demand. Everybody who says where is the tipping point? I can guarantee you this, there will be no tipping point in my lifetime, and Janet there will no tipping point in your lifetime, and I know you are a lot younger than I’m, at least you look so. I'm sure you are. So there is no tipping point. How can you say there is a tipping point? We haven’t had enough critical mass of hotel rooms to be able to bring on other conventions and now we're starting to book more and more conventions in Macau. I met yesterday with a show producer here in the United States that has 45 shows, big ones that they want to start duplicating them over in Asia, and they are going to go and take a look at both Macau and Singapore, and I don’t understand, you got a billion 300 million people and these populations are not shrinking they are growing. So, there is no such thing, it’s supply creates demand, it’s not demand creates supply.
Mike Leven: I think just to add to that point, the point of inflection where we will start hosting more meaningful and more frequent events is actually when you get five and six open. The 1400 rooms across the street at City of Dreams did not give us sufficient growth to be able to host the additional shoves, but the opening five and six and 6000 rooms is personal opinion then you are starting to talk about a meaningful capacity to a very large group to take advantage of the infrastructure that’s in there. That’s why we call it the game changer. So I think we are well within 16-18 months to see a very profound change, and interestingly you are starting to see it now. I don’t know if they follow a little more Hong Kong and Macao papers, but about three, four weeks ago, the (inaudible) of the Hong Kong paper, we saw that the Hong Kong air show now is going to alternate every other year between Hong Kong and Macau, and that’s a very calculated event, which in connection with the Airport Authority and the Macau government, we sat down last year, we said in keeping with the mandate to diversify the economy, let’s start attacking and identifying some of these larger trade shows that we can start to migrate into Macau that will have a profound impact. So that when the extra rooms some Galaxy, City of Dreams and five to six come on board, we can actually start to use the infrastructure we’ve built towards best and high as use.
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: So, we need a critical maths of five and six. It’s not a tipping point, the tipping point is that it allows us to reach the threshold of critical mass a lot faster. It will give us 10,000 rooms. The problem with City of Dreams is they are putting four separate buildings and they only hold 350 to 400 rooms each. And that’s not sufficient capacity for each one of those brands to make an effort to send in a lot of business, because the property isn’t too small. I does not interested in filling Hard Rock and Hard Rock is not interested in filling – what do they call?
Mike Leven: High.
Sheldon Adelson: Not high, the high road what’s it from, Crown. We have 4000 Sheraton rooms, 4000 plus another 400 or 500 sand beaches to be build in the third phase or maybe along with this phase. The issue is that with 4000 rooms Sheraton has to put a major (inaudible) press on filling up those rooms, and we’re going to be along with Shangri-La and Traders is dozens of Shangri-La with the very good reputation. I have stated several of them myself, I think they are very good, and you can't with 300 rooms at a Hard Rock hotel offer yourself as a convention property. You can't with one high the transient of 50, the other high at a 300, you can't do that. And I think that even though they resemble integrated resort then and are not truly an integrated resort that can focus or they can specialize in the convention and trader market.
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: Thank you.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks Janet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the David Bain with Sterne Agee.
David Bain – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Thanks. First I was hoping to clarify something I said earlier the whole benefit in Macao was that a $50 million benefit to net revenue or EBITDA? I haven’t done math yet, but it was mentioned earlier.
Mike Leven: EBITDAR.
David Bain – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. And I guess, I the first question, I had a question on policy shifts with regard to the tightening of credit in China and its impact to your business in Macao. I didn’t really hear the answer if there was one.
Ken Kay: I don’t know that we gave one, but I think you asked the question that was wrapped in, with Joe, I apologize for that. Clearly, David, there is lot of press, a lot of discussion going around right now in terms of the liquidity and the excess thereof and the China marketplace and the impact of Macao, little have they have start to really restrict the additional credit. That will have a far more pronounced impact on the VIP business, and I think on the junket business, and it will for us, primarily because majority of our business is mass way. The other thing that I would show out that for consideration is everyone has assumed that there is one to one relationship between the credit market and liquidity, and the role of Macao. It would have to be profoundly different, in my opinion, for it to have a material near-term impact because the people that come particularly on a frequent basis are customers on credit that fairly liquid in most themselves.
David Bain – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. And I mean, as that, sort of, bleed in there overtime, if it does, can you just given your liquidity situation, yourself be a little bit flexible with your balance sheet loan additionally to junkets with a track record to extend to their players?
Mike Leven:
 :
David Bain – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. And then just final one.
Sheldon Adelson: Bear in mind, we are actually in the price competitive because we want to increase our direct at the right place, so we don’t necessarily think it's contributory to that end because that loaning more money to the junket reps.
David Bain – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. And then final one, if we can get an update on the progress or potential timeline for the sale of The Four Seasons apartments?
Sheldon Adelson: We have not made any official announcement on that. We are well aware that there is north of the $1 billion of value tied up in that asset and as prudent management you should expect us to be evaluating different ways to free that.
David Bain – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dennis Forst with KeyBanc Capital.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc Capital: Yes, good afternoon. I had a question about
Sheldon Adelson: Are you still around?
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc Capital: Yes.
Sheldon Adelson: This is Sheldon.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc Capital: You are around – I know it's Sheldon. If you are around, I am around.
Sheldon Adelson: Okay. Well, I remember meeting you 20 some odd years ago. At the time I was the only guys that had the stamina to go this far.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc Capital: My wife likes to eat three meals a day.
Sheldon Adelson: I’m only kidding. I’ve only joked –
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc Capital: Yes, I know. I wanted to ask – I have been so busy putting the numbers in that I have may have missed this comment on the call, have you taken out a minority interest for FCL in the quarter? Is there some place where that is reflected in the income statement?
Ken Kay: Yes, if you look on the income statement, it’s the line just below net loss and it shows the net loss attributable to non-controlling interest of –
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc Capital: 6.6 million?
Ken Kay: Correct.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc Capital: Okay. Was there something in the third quarter also for that?
Ken Kay: Not for FCL, that would have only been in the fourth quarter.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc Capital: Okay, what was it then in the third quarter, Ken?
Ken Kay: Well, it would have been mostly from Pennsylvania and then some other kind of joint venture arrangements we have.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc Capital: Okay, but the line in share that 6.6 was FCL related now?
Ken Kay: That’s correct.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc Capital: Okay, great. Say again?
Mike Leven: Just for the month of December.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc Capital: Right, only the one month. And then, when will FCL have to release their detailed results? Not that there could be any more details than you have already done, but I am just wondering on the Hong Kong exchange what their requirements are for disclosure?
Ken Kay: We will release our SG&A on March 1 and then we will release our annual towards the tail end of April.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc Capital: End of April. Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley – UBS: Thanks. Most of my questions have been answered. Just want to, I want to clarify, you gave dollar amount of receivables for the whole company and then you talked about reserve percentages in your region, but I don’t know if you step aside, what is the dollar numbers receivables just in Vegas versus last year?
Ken Kay: With the total amount of receivables in Vegas and including casino and hotel and other or just a casino number?
Robin Farley – UBS: Just casino I guess versus the prior year in Vegas.
Ken Kay: I don’t have the prior year on me, but the gross receivable casinos for Vegas was about, it’s a little bit short of 160 million.
Robin Farley – UBS: I'm sorry that was 160.
Ken Kay: Yes
Robin Farley – UBS: Okay, great. Thank you
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Woronka with Deutsche Bank.
Chris Woronka – Deutsche Bank: Hi, good afternoon. I was hoping maybe we get a little color on your thoughts on potential development in South Florida, maybe some higher level things, what needs to happen for you to move forward and just general thoughts on that ex?
Sheldon Adelson: Well, let say, an exclusivity for the entire United States, a nice condo sitting on Bell Harbor. Besides that, and then, and we walked away the line that rest hotels together [ph]. Seriously I think that the tax rate is priority one. If they maintain a very high tax rate, we won't be in. if a – particularly on table games, if the allowed too many time into casinos, and it would interrupt where we think we’d like to go, then that might be a deal breaker for us. I have expressed I’ve been to Florida personally several times, as you could see I like it. And I think that there are just too many places. We learn from the Sands, and we learn from what they are talking about in Massachusetts and in other states like Ohio, like Kentucky and Texas. They are talking about 12 tracks and 12 Racinos in Texas and they’re talking about another 12 casinos. The point is that if we can’t do our song and dance of an integrated resource, it becomes less and less attractive. We think that South Florida can attract enormous number of people from Latin and South America, number of high rollers. So, if we can do an idea in spite of the fact that there are a lot of local casinos in the Racino category, we might still be able to do it but that then depends upon the tax rate. So that’s where we are on South Florida and same in any other US state. They are becoming more plentiful now and so we will have to decide whether or not we want to be a $50 million year casino business or we want to be in the $0.5 billion or $1 billion integrated resort business.
Chris Woronka – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Very good. Thanks.
Sheldon Adelson: I hope it's very good.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this ends our allotted time for questions. Management, are there any closing remarks?
Sheldon Adelson: I would like to ask everybody anybody who have a question or comment about Singapore? I guess not. Okay. That’s it. Do we have any comments, Mike? Ken?
Ken Kay: No.
Sheldon Adelson: Okay. Steve, Tom? Nobody. All right. Thank you everybody for joining our call and having interest in our company. Now for those investors that are on the line, we want to thank you for your confidence in our company. We will do everything we can to increase shareholder value. Thank you. This concludes the call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-31 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Briggs – VP, IR Sheldon Adelson – Chairman and CEO Mike Leven – President and COO Rob Goldstein – EVP Ken Kay – SVP and CFO
Analysts: Joe Greff – JPMorgan Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein Cameron McKnight – Buckingham Dennis Forst – KeyBanc Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine Credit Rachael Rothman – Wedbush Morgan Robin Farley – UBS
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Dixie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corp. Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Daniel Briggs. Sir, you may begin.
Daniel Briggs: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me today are Mr. Sheldon G. Adelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Leven, our President and Chief Operating Officer; Rob Goldstein, Executive Vice President and President of The Venetian Las Vegas and The Palazzo; and Ken Kay, our CFO. Before we begin, I need to remind you that today’s conference call will contain forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of federal securities laws. I would also like to caution you that the company’s actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today’s press release under the caption forward-looking statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted EDITDA, adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS, and adjusted property EBITDA, which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Adelson.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks, Dan. Good afternoon and I thank you all for joining us today. We now a press release detailing our financial results. From my perspective, I’m very pleased with our progress in the third quarter and I’m enthused about the future in each of our major markets, Macau, Singapore, and Las Vegas. The successful implementation of our cost savings programs has enabled us to significantly enhance our cash flow generation and operating margins across our entire portfolio of properties in Macau and for the company as a whole. In our most recent quarter, the Venetian Macao achieved two important records. First, the property delivered EBITDAR of $150 million and second, and at least as important, the Venetian reached an EBITDAR of 30.5%, an increase of 450 basis points compared to the third quarter of 2008. The Sands delivered a whopping 80% increase in EBITDAR to $77 million during the quarter and expanded its EBITDAR margin by over 1,000 basis points to over 27%. These results illustrate the significant operating leverage that can be achieved by our businesses when cost structure is properly aligned with revenue. In fact, through the first 26 days of October, we have made approximately $100 million of adjusted property EBITDAR across our Macau properties, which represents the strongest monthly operating performance in our five-year operating history in Macau. While the third quarter’s results in Las Vegas reflected the economic environment, unusually low table game hold, and a challenging summer room rate environment, table volume and our slots strategy do show some encouraging trends. And the execution of our cost savings programs has positioned us to deliver improved operating margins and cash flows as the economy recovers. Here is the good news in Las Vegas. We just completed the best quarter in our history with respect to booking new group room nights in Las Vegas and today, we have more group room nights on the books of 2010 than we expect to realize in all of Calendar 2009. FIT rates are also beginning to firm, particularly on the weekends. While the financial and automotive sectors have been weak this year and the first nine months of 2008 presented a difficult comparison, Las Vegas remains the most cost-effective convention venue in the world. Our property is designed specifically to serve the convention and group meeting segment in an efficient and cost-effective way. Technology, pharmaceutical, fast food, consumer segments and even certain segments of the financial sector are increasingly booking business for 2010 and 2011. We are confident in and are uniquely positioned to take advantage of a rebound in 2010 compared to 2009 in this vital component of our Las Vegas business. In Singapore, we continue making excellent progress on the development of Marina Bay Sands. We topped out the three 355-story hotel towers in July and now, moving on to construction of the SkyPark, which is the final major structural feature of the property. Tanasijevich [ph] and leadership team in Singapore are making steady progress on pre-opening activities for each of the major operational areas of the property including hotel retail, food and beverage, group meeting and convention and gaming operations. In fact, last week we revealed our lineup of six celebrity chefs and announced that The Lion King will play an extended engagement in one of our theaters beginning on September 2010. We remain focused on in opening of Marina Bay Sands in the first quarter of 2010. Finally, with respect to our liquidity and capital resources, we have made substantial progress over the last three months. During the quarter, we successfully amended our Macau credit facility and completed $600 pre-IPO financing of exchangeable bonds. We also continue to advance our efforts for the contemplated listing of our Chinese operations on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. We would certainly like to share more of that matter with you, but our Advisors tell us that the applicable rules prevent us from doing so at this time. From my perspective, I am very pleased with the focus. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Leven: Thank you, Sheldon. Before moving to a quick review of the operational highlights of the quarter, I want to share that we have effectively completed the implementation of our $500 million cost savings program. We consider the savings achieved to be permanent and we will continue to strive for cost effectiveness in the future. Moving to the current quarter’s operation, as Sheldon mentioned, the Venetian Macao delivered record EBITDAR of $150 million during the quarter. EBITDAR margin was also a record at 30.5% of revenue. Despite the economic Tsunami, visa restrictions, typhoon season, and the fear generated by the H1N1 virus, we delivered a record quarter. Visits to the property have remained strong with the Venetian Macao enjoying more than 17 million visits in the first nine months of 2009. That healthy visitation contributed to market leading mass play during the quarter while rolling play continued to remain robust. Now that the cost savings of right-sizing programs are effectively completed, our focus will naturally turn towards revenue growth. The highest margin segment of the gaming market in Macao is mass table and slot business. The Venetian Macao remains the clear market leader in mass play, delivering non-rolling drop of $839 million and slot handle of nearly $610 million. Our Cotai ferry service, which carried over 1 million passengers in the third quarter, remains an important infrastructure component, supporting visitation and mass play of the Venetian Macao and the Cotai strip. Our integrated resort model, including convention and group meeting business, as well as entertainment offerings continue to support our mass gaming business. Looking ahead, we expect the City of Dreams complex to mature over time, increasing both our ferry occupancy and visitation to the Venetian. While the high margin mass table business and slot business are critical to our success, we will also continue to execute our successful strategy in the VIP market. The Venetian Macao rolling chip volume was a healthy $9.1 billion during the third quarter and we also continue to grow our direct VIP play. This higher margin business, which does not require the services of a gaming promoter, represented a record 19% of our rolling volume for the quarter and contributes to the higher margins on our VIP play overall. The VIP business remains an important component of our business, contributing just under 20% of our contribution to EBITDAR at the Venetian Macao. The diversified nature of the Venetian Macao’s cash flow remains evident with approximately 28% of our contribution during the quarter being generated from non-gaming sources, principally hotel rooms and retail, while approximately 53% was produced by the stickier, less volatile, higher-margin mass gaming and slot play. So that completes the update on our operating strategy for the Venetian Macao. Let me spend a moment on the Sands, Sands Macao. The Sands EBITDAR increased 80% to $77 million for the quarter compared to $43 million in the third quarter last year. EBITDAR margins reached 27.5% for the quarter compared to 17.1% in the third quarter of 2008. Those results reflected healthy mass gaming volumes and the execution of our cost savings and efficiency programs. The Sands remains the market leader in mass play on Macao peninsula, delivering non-rolling drop of $626 million and a slot handle of over $327 million. Rolling volume of $5.5 billion was down compared to a quarter one year, but improved sequentially. Our direct rolling play, as a percentage of total rolling play, also increased during the quarter, reaching 11.6% of total rolling play. Let me now briefly discuss the Four Seasons Macao and Plaza Casino. This property generated over $10 million in EBITDAR during the third quarter. Our 19 Pieza mansions came online during the quarter and have particularly been valuable in generating direct rolling play. Nearly 50% of our $2.2 billion in roll volume during the quarter came through this direct channel. Awareness of the property continues to grow, with weekend play and visitation gaining momentum. The Four Seasons hotel reached a 56.2% occupancy during the quarter, with an ADR of $294, which we believe is the highest cash ADR in Macao. Finally, before we leave Macao, I want to spend a moment on the importance of the leadership team, which we now have in place there. While this quarter’s numbers are impressive, what has become increasingly clear to us is that our management team are providing real business leadership. This leadership team have been empowered to make the decisions and to decisive actions needed to proactively manage our business. Our Macao management team’s contribution has clearly impacted our current period financial results in Macao and that leadership continue – will continue to pay dividends in the future. But importantly, our reputation as a community partner and employer has been enhanced in the process. That success is at least as important to the execution of our long-term strategy as this quarter’s results. So that covers Macao. And Sheldon already discussed the progress we are making in Singapore. So let me just spend a moment on Sands Bethlehem before Rob covers Las Vegas. Sands Bethlehem continues to enjoy strong support from the City of Bethlehem, the people of Lehigh Valley, and the wider region. Visitation to the property, particularly on weekends, has been healthy while mid-week visitation and play have been disappointing. We expect to increase visitation and play at the property during the play as our player development promotion and busing programs mature in the months ahead. And we are closely following the state’s legislative process regarding the potential introduction of table games in Pennsylvania. With Sands Bethlehem’s close proximity to New York City, the introduction of table games, particularly if the legislation includes a favorable tax rate, could provide a wonderful opportunity for us to expand our business, as well as our employment in the Lehigh Valley and much needed revenues for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. We are already prepared to move quickly to establish table games when a final law is passed. With that, let’s go to Rob and Las Vegas.
Rob Goldstein: Thanks Mike. Las Vegas Properties delivered EBITDAR of $34 million in third quarter. Last year, we generated $73 million in the third quarter. The greatest single impact was caused by low table hold, which impacted our revenues in Las Vegas by approximately $40 million. Hotel revenues were also a major issue, down $32 million, principally as a result of lower ADR. Occupancy for our combined 7,100 suite was 88% this quarter and ADR, $172. A lower mix of group and corporate business contributed to a $14 million decline on bank revenue compared to last year’s third quarter. Table drop was $430 million in the third quarter. They were $477 million last year. Despite the decline, we did see healthy activity level including a 3.8% increase in our premium baccarat op over the previous year, a 24% sequential increase over second quarter of 2009, which is encouraging. The economic environment last year was obviously in a better place than this year. But our hold on high-end play is usually higher than other table segments. So the unusually low table hold in that segment is particularly impactful this quarter. We also continue to focus on profitability and yield management in our slot business. Our hold was 7.8% this quarter, up 108 [ph] basis points over the third quarter of last year. Slot was $52.4 million during the quarter, a strong performance in this very difficult market. Looking ahead, we do see some bright spots in Las Vegas. People do continue to visit our properties, we are very busy here. One example, Jersey Boys, our marquee entertainment offering at Palazzo, is now running in excess of 80% in its 1,600-seat theater. We frequently host over 5,000 customers on a show each evening across our two properties and we continue to enjoy excellent visitation in both the Venetian and the Palazzo. Sheldon referenced the group side in earlier in his comments and we do see stronger bookings in ’10 and ’11. We demand returning. 2009 obviously represents the weakest year of the group demand in recent Las Vegas history with a special weakness in the automotive and the financial industries. However, in 2010, the last three months, we booked over 300,000 group rooms for 2010, ’11. (inaudible) this increase in group business, we'll now see it flow through to our higher-margin businesses, including catering and banquets, which have been very successful in the past for Venetian and the Palazzo. We have been gradually raising our rates and expect to see rates continue strengthen throughout 2010 and 2011. We've also taken additional steps to upgrade our leisure, sales and marketing capabilities, which will serve as a strong complement to our group business. Rates have shown an upward trend on weekends, and we expect that upward trend to begin to take hold in mid-week period in near future. We believe Las Vegas is far from finished as a business destination. On the contrary, we believe Las Vegas means business, and across our suite resort offerings, things remain stronger as the days go on. (inaudible) represent over 178,000 group room nights in January and February 2010. We also believe our diverse dining, retail, and entertainment offerings appeal to a wide range of customer tastes, and budgets. We are confident our Las Vegas properties will generate solid cash flow in the quarters ahead and will exhibit significant operating leverage as room rates in group business return to a more normal place. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Ken Kay.
Ken Kay: Thanks, Rob. As Sheldon mentioned previously, advancing opportunities that will generate liquidity enhance our financial flexibility and enable us to execute our deleveraging strategy is an important aspect of our plan. During the quarter, we completed an amendment to our Macao credit facility and a $600 million exchangeable bond financing that enhanced our liquidity. As of September 30th, we had over $3.3 billion of cash and cash equivalents on our balance sheet. In addition, we had approximately $1.2 billion of availability under our undrawn credit facility at current exchange rates, principally through our Singapore credit facility. So together, we have approximately $4.5 billion of cash, cash equivalents and available sources of liquidity. The principal uses for that $4.5 billion include approximately $1.1 billion of capital expenditures, pre-opening, FF&E, and construction period interests to spend through the opening of our Marina Bay Sands project. We are currently in discussions with financial institutions to raise project financing to be able to complete the majority of parcels five and six in Macau, and we are optimistic that we will be able to secure sufficient commitments from vendors. Total debt is $11.8 billion, while the cost of borrowing remains quite low with a current weighted average rate of approximately 3.8%, reflecting a healthy reduction from the weighted average rate of 5.6% in the third quarter of 2008. With respect to our debt covenant, our domestic credit facility, our trailing 12 months EBITDA at September 30th, 2009 for compliance purposes was $451.6 million. At September 30th, 2009, our total gross domestic debt for compliance purposes was $5.2 billion. Our cash balances within the U.S. restricted group were $2.7 billion and our calculated net debt for covenant compliance calculation purposes was $2.6 billion. Our leverage ratio for covenant compliance calculation purposes was 5.75 times compared to a maximum leverage covenant for our U.S. credit facility of 6.5 times. For the Venetian Macao restricted group, our trialing 12-month EBITDA at September 30th, 2009 for compliance purposes was $908.5 million. At September 30th, 2009, the Venetian Macao restricted group, total gross debt for compliance purposes was $3.2 billion. Our leverage ratio for covenant compliance calculation purposes was 3.48 times compared to a maximum leverage covenant for the Venetian Macao restricted group of 4.5 times. Our cash balances within the Venetian Macao restricted group were $572 million. We remain focused on maximizing operating profitability to enable deleveraging. While our business will throw off a significant amount of free cash flow that will enable deleveraging in the future, we also expect to execute in due course the sale of non-core assets, which will enable significant debt repayment and enhanced equity returns. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Sheldon.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks, Ken. Before we go to Q&A, let me make a couple of final points. As we have said throughout this call, we remain focused on the continued execution of our plan. The successful execution of our plan will enable us to both execute our deleveraging strategy and to resume our industry-leading growth trajectory. Our highly profitable business in Macau, which benefits from our focus on higher-margin, lower volatility mass gaming and non-gaming revenues is positioned to enjoy significant operating leverage as the world’s largest gaming market on the doorstep of the world’s fastest-growing major economy, inevitably expands in the future. While the Las Vegas market remains a challenging one today, things will naturally get better as the domestic economy and consumer confidence in the United States eventually improve. I am confident that our group business strategy together with our reduced cost base will enable us to perform quite well in the years ahead. And our Singapore property, an asset with the potential to generate outstanding growth, is targeted to open in less than six months from today. Finally, let me point out that there are natural peaks and valleys in every economy in the world and the global economy as a whole. As Asian asset markets fully recover in the future, we will be in a position to execute an important component of our fundamental business strategy, the sale of non-core assets. Those eventual sales, which we expect to complete during periods of relative strength in the economic cycle, when reasonable asset sales prices may be achieved or enable us to both fully implement that deleveraging strategy and to significantly enhance our equity returns. With that, we will now go to Q&A.
Operator: (Operator instructions). We will pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan. Joe, please go ahead.
Joe Greff – JPMorgan: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Ken or Sheldon, I was hoping – I’m not sure if you actually mentioned this, I'm juggling two conference calls here, but I was hoping you could touch on the project financing and the update there. I think there have been some articles in the press lately that is kind of doubting your ability to do that. If you can give us an update on that. And then, a timing perspective. Do you expect to get that complete before the IPO road show in Hong Kong? And then I have a couple of follow-ups to Rob in Las Vegas.
Sheldon Adelson: Well, our counsel makes us very much aware of the regulatory requirements in Hong Kong. And very, very strongly admonished us not to have any discussion about what’s happening. However, I can tell you that we expect to have some news for you in the very near future.
Joe Greff – JPMorgan: Okay. And then Rob –
Sheldon Adelson: Very near future.
Joe Greff – JPMorgan: The very near future? Okay. Rob, the comments on the group bookings in Las Vegas for 2010, 2011, can you comment on pricing and then, if you can give us a sense of next year your expectations for what percentage of room nights would relate to the group, the convention side and how does that compare to what – where you think you’ll end up for '09?
Rob Goldstein: Sure.
Joe Greff – JPMorgan: And then, also helping us understand that group dynamic. Where do you think that rate is for group relative to the non-group? Is there still a premium there whereby you would get some sort of mix benefit next year assuming that mix towards group is a little bit greater next year versus this year?
Rob Goldstein: Okay. Well, first let’s begin with the fact that we are thrilled groups are returning. This last quarter, obviously has been a long quarter for us in terms of our whole percentage and the market in Las Vegas across the board and every segment was challenged, but we are really encouraged about these 90 last days we booked enough business – to do 300,000 additional room nights for next year the last 90 days and it continues into October, Joe, we are encouraged. So we are seeing demand, which we hadn't seen honestly in most of '09 – all of '09. Second part of that would be obviously rate. Rate is still challenged, let’s not be confused, we are still not seeing the rates we saw ’06, ’07, before what happened last summer and fall. But we are encouraged, rates in excess of $200 for our group booking and for us what's really important, because I think you know our banquet business is vital to us. We – you could see by the quarter comparisons our banquet business is the big part of our – is almost like a slots business for us. It has huge margins, 55%, 60% and with the group bookings we are seeing, we are seeing return to banquet, which is very encouraging. I think we are going to lead the market in terms of the larger groups. We’ve booked about 11 for the first – in these last 90 days for 2010 and we are seeing more demand in the tech and pharmaceutical and fast food areas. We actually picked up, believe it or not, a financial group. A major financial for next year as well. So we are seeing returns. I would – I think there is a premium to other segments still. That premium defined as better rate, but also strong F&B, which for us again is pivotal. I wouldn't tell you we are out of the woods yet. I wouldn't be so bold as to say it’s fully recovered, but there is times of real life in that segment, which for us and even for Las Vegas, I think mid-week group business is critical, it’s vital, it’s material before this market can recover because it puts pressure in the FIT wholesale segments and gets us out of the weaker casino segment. So we are very encouraged by the trends and again, demand is back, rate is not back as much as we anticipate. Large-scale bank books are back and I think it bodes well, not just for these properties, but for the market as a whole.
Sheldon Adelson: This is Sheldon. I'd like to add on to that by saying that group demand in the 200s is somewhat better than the rates we’ve been hearing around the town and I would like to emphasize that our property was specifically designed to the convention market. So notwithstanding what other people say about their convention business, that’s what we are built for. We are a convention-based marketing strategy. And if other people did build where we build, then we’ll get the business. If group rates are in the 200s, FIT rates ought to be moving back to the 300s.
Joe Greff – JPMorgan: Okay, great. And then one final comment, Sheldon. I think you addressed this in your earlier comments, talking about Macau in October. Can you just repeat that? Did you say in October you guys are doing about $100 million in EBITDA in Macau?
Sheldon Adelson: That’s correct.
Joe Greff – JPMorgan: Great. Thank you – okay, I don't want to shortchange you, and hopefully you don't play unlikely. Great.
Sheldon Adelson: That’s quite a number.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Janet Brashear with Sanford Bernstein. Janet, please go ahead.
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: Thank you. Rob, if I can just push on Las Vegas a little more relative to the group bookings, when you say it’s your best quarter for new booking, how many of those are in 2010 versus 2011 percentage wise and can you tell us a little bit about what’s going on with attrition, if it’s better, worse or otherwise unchanged?
Rob Goldstein: I’ll start with your first question, Janet. I mean, the 94% of – we've actually booked 348,000 room nights in the last – including October, that’s third quarter plus October thus far and the huge majority is in 2010. First quarter will do about 178,000 group room nights right now on the books.
Rob Goldstein: Right, for us – excuse, it’s correct. Correct, good – well said. It’s going to be 178,000 just in January, February; 91,000 in January. So – again, we are seeing a return of demand, which is the predecessor to – hopefully to rate movement. I think it just bodes – again, it bodes well for us and it’s a reason that the currents has happened this summer in the middle of the misery of the rest of the economy. So it feels good to us. And the only segment missing again – totally missing, is auto. So we feel good. Your second question was regards to attrition?
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: Yes.
Rob Goldstein: We are seeing a lessening of attrition. It gets – in fact, it's a non-event as we move forward. It gets – it was a big event the last six, seven months. We are seeing it go away and not be material at all, Janet. So we are pleased about that.
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: When you look at Las Vegas versus other convention markets, would you say now at this point that you are the same as other convention markets or do you still feel like it’s worse than Las Vegas?
Rob Goldstein: Well, I just feel this way. I can't speak to other markets because I don't know well enough to speak about them, but in Las Vegas – I still believe this. Planners want to be here; there is a return to a belief that this is a wonderful place because it’s an adult destination. It’s a very economical destination, it’s a very desirable and accessible destination and I think planners are simply returning – they’ve got new business. We had a – I won't tell you the institution, but a major financial came in this week and committed to us and the comment was it’s the best bargain out there and with the best access and the best demand to come to. It’s irrefutable, Las Vegas is special on so many different levels, it’s special and I find it hard to believe people don't see a return in this market. What we are seeing though is perhaps quicker than we expected. And it’s very gratifying. To Sheldon’s comment about these buildings are built for that, we began – that our underpinnings here this year with the Venetian Palazzo and it continues to be the underpinnings of our mid-week success. But I think also for Las Vegas, it’s undeniable despite all the problems we’ve had and I won't get into the issues and the politics, but this is just a very desirable place for meeting planners and they are telling us that. They want to come back to the city. And I don't know how it doesn't return. It's much more desirable than any other place in the country rate-wise, accessibility, demand from customers, it has it all. I mean, it’s – we are very proud of it and think it’s going to return in a big way in ’10 and ’11. We believe that very strongly.
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: One final –
Sheldon Adelson: Janet, it makes me puzzled when I hear people talk about or question whether or not things are going to return to normal. I ask everybody who is on this call. Has anybody seen either an expansion or a contraction line that always went in the same direction? The answer is, obviously, no. Just like night follows day and day follows night, there are peaks and valleys throughout the economic cycle and virtually everything in life. There is no doubt whatsoever that the economy is returning and will return. We'll find that – we don't know how high the peak will be, we didn’t know how low the valley would be, but there will be peaks and valleys and therefore, the convention market is returning because having come from that market, I know very well that most industries cannot operate without the need to get together and to exchange information, to share information, and to do all the other things that are done at conventions. Now, Janet, I want to point out to you, I did notice in your report that you’ve put in a parenthetical statement that said, can't they come up with a better name than five and six. Mike and I – Mike and I brought our heads together and we said, “Okay, she’s right. We are going to call it the game-changer.” So we hope that you could refer to lots five and six as either the Shangri-La Sheraton lot or the Sheraton Shangri-La lot or the game-changer.
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: We can’t use the game-changer because that’s what we are calling Singapore, right?
Mike Leven: No, that’s the money maker.
Sheldon Adelson: We’ll call that a gold – a diamond mine.
Ken Kay: Janet, one more comment about rates. I hope that Las Vegas will have faith in itself, and rates will rise with all our competitors across the board because we think demand is coming back. Just we have to believe in the city and raise the rates accordingly.
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: So Rob, how does that play out over 2010 when you add City Center to the market? The demand is coming back and that’s great. Where would you say that you are most vulnerable or lease vulnerable to City Center and do you fear a rate war is erupting as all that supply gets added to the market?
Rob Goldstein: Well, that goes to the critical issue of why we built this building and back when we built it years ago, more years than I want to remember, Sheldon made two comments. One is, the all-suite product gives us a differentiation point, which is unique and he told us back then a dozen years ago or more that when things get bad, and they will get bad, the all-suite product will be very important as a differentiator. Second thing and I think we all learned to believe it, is that the mid-week convention group business is powerful and the size of the groups we are talking about, honestly it’s not a City Center issue, it’s a question of having enough meeting space to compete for that. The kind of groups I’m talking about are too big. There's only Mandalay Bay and the LDC there that could compete with some of these groups. And so for us, as long as we insulate ourselves by having a healthy – I’d love to see us get into the high-20s, perhaps even 30% range with groups, conventions, et cetera. It insulates us mid-week from the need to worry about any competitor. And that’s where we were for our first decade. It was as wonderful place to be, I’m hoping to get back there. I believe we – our goal this year is get to over 800,000 group room nights on our books for 2010. If we do that and I’m believing we can do it, honestly City Center is less an issue for us than most people because we won’t be planning in that hold for FIT segment. And it also enables us to put pressure on the balance of our rooms. So look what happened to us. We hit this economic tsunami, we lost our 44% mix of convention trade shows that made this place so profitable so many years. That’s returning, Palazzo opened exactly when it shouldn’t have opened in terms of the economic meltdown, but now as you return to the – a better group market that comes back. I think it helps us immensely and I think the great hidden secret around here was our group business drove that terrific food piece, the catering banquet, which is so – not just profitable, but it’s a wonderful segment to be in. So – again, our goal is 800,000 nights in ’10 and grow it up higher in ’11. And hopefully the rate will follow as well.
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Cameron McKnight with Buckingham.
Cameron McKnight – Buckingham: Hi, guys. A question to you, Rob. Based on what you’ve seen in September and what you are seeing October, do you think – do you think it’s fair to say that as far as your business is concerned, you saw rates bottom in the third quarter?
Rob Goldstein: I do. I hope I can speak for the town when I say that we’ve also believe there is more – I hope to more belief in the other segments. I know we are going to our job on the rates and the convention hall – the convention group segment. We are going to drive rates there as best we can. I hope the town – we can raise rates across the board and other segments. I can’t believe we can get worse than what it was this summer. The fall has not been as encouraging as you all hoped to be, you can read the rates yourselves around the town. I wish we pushed the FIT rates up and wholesale better, but so far it’s been difficult and obviously, City Center will put more pressure on those segments as we come into 2010 period. But I’d like to think we hit the bottom, I don't know.
Cameron McKnight – Buckingham: Great, thanks. And a question for Ken. Ken, could you estimate for us normalized EBITDA in both Vegas and in Macau?
Ken Kay: Normalized in Vegas –
Rob Goldstein: Let me help you with Vegas. We’ve – to be real simple about it, we’ve applied the Vegas graph, I can help you there. But in Vegas, what we’ve done is simply said, we know we lost – I’ll make my best case here, I’m a little aggressive, but bear with me. So we handled $430 million in the tables, right? And we normalized that at what we think would have been second quarter of 21 or so. The thing you have to realize is two more impacts that causes $40 million plus of revenue, but bear in mind, when you keep losing money like we did in this quarter, with high-end play, our highest, our best customers, our very, very healthy baccarat play, unfortunately was our downfall this quarter. That segment typically holds 27, 28 historically in the Venetian Palazzo and in Las Vegas. I mean, we can tell you, on 5 billion of table jobs since we opened these stores, we would hope 27% to 28%. So these factor that back, it’s actually higher, it cost us more than $40 million. Secondly, it impacts our table drop. So people – those people who came in with $1 million or $2 million never got to it because right from the get-go they were winner and didn’t have to draw more money down. So two negative impacts. So it probably costs us $40 million or $50 million of revenue. You apply the appropriate margins because I don't know how to do that. I don't know how you – other than the gaming tax, I can’t sit here and tell you with a straight face, I know. I’ll just give you the revenue number. In Macau, we played a little lucky, but it’s not material.
Ken Kay: Yes. (inaudible). No, in Macau – I mean, we did a little bit better at the – on the rolling business and also the non-rolling business and probably between the two of them, it was probably close to $35 million.
Rob Goldstein: And you can make an argument.
Ken Kay: Across all the properties.
Rob Goldstein: Yes, across the entire market. But you can make an argument on our mass play there. We normalized that at 20, but you minimize it down to $20 million, $25 million. It depends on what you call normal in Macau on the mass business.
Cameron McKnight – Buckingham: Okay, great. Sure. And have you seen any impact at Venetian from – after the press report suggested that visa attritions have started to tighten again?
Mike Leven: I’ll take it. This is Mike. We have seen no impact on that and actually, there – what’s in the press has not been an official word. We never get official word as to whether they are on and whether they are off. And our month October indicates that we haven't seen any real significant change in the visa attrition.
Cameron McKnight – Buckingham: Okay, great. Thanks. And I’m not sure if you can answer this, but any update on apartment sales at Four Seasons?
Mike Leven: The only thing I can say is that we are preparing to sell them. We’ve had some inquiries from Japan and from Korea. The apartment sales are based on a co-op situation as opposed to a strata title, which has a deed associated with this, which causes us a little bit of concern because it’s not quite understood in Asia. We anticipate getting that strata title at some point in time in the near future, which will make it easier, but we have already been in contact with a number of people in Japan and Korea and have some inquiries about those sales. We are pretty optimistic about it.
Sheldon Adelson: Mr. Weaver who heads it up, Stephen Weaver, indicated that he was in Japan a couple of weeks ago and in Korea and the Korean people came to Macau. So he said that the indications we have before the reservations are still good from Japan and as far as Korea is concerned, they slowed down a little bit because of the exchange rate of the Korean Won, which was up to about 1,600 Korean Won to the dollar. Now it’s down to about 1,200 to the dollar. So those people are up in the heads up again.
Cameron McKnight – Buckingham: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Sheldon Adelson: We are optimistic – we are optimistic about that.
Cameron McKnight – Buckingham: Thanks a lot.
Sheldon Adelson: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dennis Forst with KeyBanc.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: Hi, good afternoon everybody. I have three questions. First, Mike, in your commentary you mentioned 11.6% of the rolling play. Was that for the quarter, was that for all your Macau properties? What was that that you were referring to?
Mike Leven: Dennis, that was the Sands – that was just direct play – direct rolling play at the Sands Macao.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: The direct – out of –
Mike Leven: Out of just –
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: Versus all of your rolling play at the Sands?
Sheldon Adelson: No, no, no.
Mike Leven: No, no.
Sheldon Adelson: No, versus going through junket reps.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: Yes, at the Sands.
Sheldon Adelson: Not through which – it is about half that of the junket reps.
Ken Kay: So it’s a 11.6% or so at the Sands. It’s 19% at Venetian and it’s nearly 50% at Four Seasons.
Mike Leven: What you are looking for is an increase in that particular segment in order to increase the margin. So if you can get an increase, if you see that going up, those percentages going up and where margins are going to increase in terms of –
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: Great. Okay, good. And then for Rob, I noticed – and I think you even mentioned this. The slot hold has been going up fairly dramatically in Las Vegas. Is there a reason why that is going on? More low-denom play? Is it as simple as that or are you squeezing it tighter?
Rob Goldstein: I don't think we're squeezing – well, obviously, we are squeezing something tighter and getting the numbers up, but I think it’s a mix of gains. I think it’s less poker dependency. I think we have a very good slots team. I’m very proud of what we’ve done on the slot side and if you look at our numbers versus our competition, it’s healthy. We keep increasing our gain mix to be – I think it’s very – it’s a lot of factors, but obviously moving the game mix around, changing the per, getting rid of some of the poker teams and being more sensitive to the poker business. And honestly, we just have been saying people to make money for us versus drive handle. We could turn the handle on tomorrow and double it, if we wanted to. It's not a big deal. We could throw some slot events and some poker events and drive the handle. Our challenge to our guys is drive the per and drive the win and make us more money. And clearly, we are very proud of where we come from. We were in the 30s, went to 40s and to 50s, our new goal is 60s per quarter and we are very encouraged by it. So it’s a mix of gains, it’s a more sensitivity to poker. It's watching everything on the floor. It’s less and it’s also wider and better aisles, but I just think it’s in watching our costs closely. So I think overall –
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: When you say the push from 40, 50, 60s what do you mean by that?
Rob Goldstein: Win per quarter. Our goal is – I mean, our real goal is get to a $0.75 billion U.S. win in the slot machines sometime in the next year or two. And we’ve grown – we were $38 million. You look at our progression from 19 – 2007 rather, to the current situation, we’ve grown from $35 million to $38 million to $40 million to $48 million. So we hit a high of $58 million Q3 of last year. We are now at $52 million. So it’s a combination of factors, but it’s less machines, better aisles, better per, and less poker.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: And modeling forward, we can use high 7% to hold percentage?
Rob Goldstein: Yes, we can.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: Okay, great. And then the last question was for Ken. Can you explain this valuation allowance that cost you $68 million? Was – is that a – first of all, is it a cash number?
Ken Kay: No, it’s non-cash. What that was is we had – in previous quarters have been providing a benefit for losses that we expected to be able to utilize on future tax returns, but what we did was we accelerated some reductions to be able to do that. We took a big chunk of that and applied those back to prior years for which we received a refund of $70 million earlier this year.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: Right. That was second quarter I think.
Ken Kay: That was second quarter. And then because of the accelerated deductions there, we expect not to be paying taxes in the U.S., and so we took a valuation allowance against those deferred tax assets just for the foreseeable future and we have a ability to carry those forward for about 20 years. So just the pronouncements dictate that if you look out over kind of the short-term horizon and you don't necessarily expect to be able to use those then you should take a valuation allowance for that and so that’s exactly what we did.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: Okay. And then one last one for Rob. Going back to the room nights bookings going forward, I think you said 348,000 room nights were booked.
Rob Goldstein: Booked for third quarter and thus far for the month of October.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: Okay. So the last four months you’ve booked about 350,000 room nights? Vast majority in 2010?
Rob Goldstein: Yes. And it was 94% I think we said.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: Yes.
Rob Goldstein: It’s all ’10.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: Yes. And half of those were January, February. Then your goal for 2009 was to book 800,000 – ?
Rob Goldstein: We are hoping it’s 800,000.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: For 2010?
Rob Goldstein: Across the entire ’10, the year of ’10, we’d like to get 800,000 of our total rooms sold, yes.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: Okay. What was it a year ago? By the end of '08, how many room nights had you booked for '09, just to give us a frame of reference?
Rob Goldstein: Quarter-to-quarter?
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: Sure.
Rob Goldstein: Or do you mean – ?
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: Yes. If you want to do that.
Sheldon Adelson: Our object is to get – Denny, our object is to get to 40%, 45% of total room nights. Total room nights equaled about 2.5 million. So if we can get to 1 million room nights, then we consider that ideal. Absolutely ideal, it will be a complete bust-out for our convention marketing efforts. However, just coming off the recession, whatever we had last year was – a lot of it cancelled during the course of the year. So it’s not really a – all I could tell you is what our primarily objectives are.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: Okay. In peak days –
Sheldon Adelson: They get 40% to 45%.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: Yes. Sheldon, in the peak days when you just had the Venetian without the Palazzo, what was the trade mix?
Sheldon Adelson: We have 50 – our best is 50.
Mike Leven: Yes, we reached 50 some months or some quarters, but blended it was 44. And again, the beauty of that was 44 some – minimal wholesale, the balance FIT minimal casino. (inaudible) the highest rate in the city, (inaudible) used banquet business, that was a perfect place to be. In a perfect world, as Sheldon said, we get back – if we get back to 1 million on two four, two five, it would be ideal.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: Yes. And you think you can with the extra 3,000 at the plots or you can still get that high?
Mike Leven: We can get there, the markets there. Sure we can. Yes, we’d like to get there. That’d be optimal.
Sheldon Adelson: Bear in mind that a lot of the shows have exceeded the demand for room nights in the Venetian when we had the Venetian only, exceeded us – our ability to supply. So those rooms had to elsewhere. We are not creating more new rooms. We are just absorbing under one roof more the rooms that went elsewhere.
Mike Leven: The other thing you should know is we can get to a million rooms tonight if we want to drop rate. I mean, we turn down a lot of business these days and give it away because we don't want the rate. So getting there, it’s achievable today. Getting there at over some $200 per night, that’s more difficult.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: Yes. And to get to that 800,000 nights for 2010, that’s not just by December 31st. That’s – that is – includes anything you booked to 2010 in 2010.
Mike Leven: And keep in mind, right now we are anticipating this auto, pharmaceuticals come out in the – in January and February. We are hoping for more business in January, February, short-term bookings in pharmaceuticals – listen, we – it goes on everyday, seven days a week. We’d like to get to 800,000, but it hasn't happened yet. I think we will get there.
Dennis Forst – KeyBanc: Good luck, guys. Thanks for the answers.
Mike Leven: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Klatzkin with Chapdelaine Credit.
Sheldon Adelson: I wonder what happened the last –
Mike Leven: What happened, Larry?
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine Credit: Hey, guys. A couple of questions here. Commissions in Singapore, I know that (inaudible) is still going around talking with – I think it’s ridiculous, 1.5%. Did you still season the junket operators? Do you see Macau using a licensable in Singapore and what do you think a proper commission rate should probably be?
Sheldon Adelson: We think that – we believe – we have reasons to believe – we can’t get into the reasons, we have reasons to believe that very few, if any, junket revenues, particularly of the Macau-style junket reps, with a share of 45%, 44% of the gross income will be allowed or will be licensable in – or will want to be licensed in Singapore. We are gearing up for very strong direct credits, a direct play if not all of it. But bear in mind, we have to give about 50% of what we would otherwise give to junket reps. Like in Macau, we'd have to give 0.5%, 0.6% whatever or there are some players that would prefer the discount route instead of the rolling trip route. So it’s unlikely that – it is very likely that our percentage of win, which as we announced was about 30% at the Venetian in the last quarter, that our percentage of win – there are some analysts that are projecting double that. That the percentage of win considering the tax – the more favorable tax rates and the less slippage or drippage from junket commissions. We expect an awful lot of their business [ph]. So we are gearing up to – we've sent down our best credit-granting people, a whole team of people from here, and we expect an enormous amount of direct credit. The number of people that tell that they don't want to go, there are people that say we never want to go to Macau because of this. I mean, a lot – lots of people love Macau and more and more, but there are some people who for a variety of reasons, particularly from India and closer to Singapore than they are to Macau, there is no question about it that there is going to an enormous amount of play that people will go to Singapore. So – listen, we are not projecting exact numbers, we are not giving guidance on those. But we have reason to believe – a lot of reasons to believe that we should be more and more optimistic about the results of Singapore.
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine Credit: That will be excellent, so it would eat so much of your profits in Macau. Pennsylvania, I know it’s something –
Sheldon Adelson: It’s not going to eat up our profits from Macau. They are basically two separate markets. For anybody who –
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine Credit: No, no, no. I – what I meant is that it eats up your current profits in Macau and it won’t do it to in Singapore.
Ken Kay: Better margin.
Rob Goldstein: The margin thing, not –
Sheldon Adelson: The margin? Okay.
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine Credit: And then as far as Pennsylvania, I know it’s small now, but what’s the status in getting table games? Obviously, a full casino and 70 minutes out of Manhattan is a good thing. So any feelings for politics?
Mike Leven: Yes, the legislation has passed the senate. Pennsylvania, you may be aware of it. It was 18% – I think – I believe it was an 18% tax rate and a $15 million initial fee. The governor has asked the house to approve a lower tax rate and some – a variance in initial fees between the three different sized type casinos that are available and it is in the house now. There are supposed to be some decisions in the next couple of weeks, we are being told by our government affairs people. We expect it will pass in some compromised position to the House. Everybody seems to think it's going to happen and we are preparing for it to happen. To be ready for, we have the space, we have the allocated space and basically, that is the status, Larry, as of the moment.
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine Credit: How much does it cost, for the hotel and the mall and the room – just your restaurant, how much does it cost to finish it out?
Mike Leven: Well, finishing out just the tables – the tables – are you talking about finishing out everything?
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine Credit: Yes. Yes, you got a full casino.
Mike Leven: If we finish out everything, you’d be talking about $100 million.
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine Credit: So not much at all and you’d be the – yes, okay. Good.
Mike Leven: $100 million to $150 million was the number, to finish everything.
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine Credit: All right.
Mike Leven: Just so you know, with the table games – again, the first thing we’d do is do the table games before finishing the rest.
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine Credit: All right. So you get the cash flow from that to pay for the rest?
Sheldon Adelson: You’ll be glad to know, Larry, you won't have to go far to play. We will be – we will be the closest full casino to New York City.
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine Credit: As long as you have a large crowd table for me, I’m happy.
Sheldon Adelson: A large crowd table for being happy? Well, we could custom-make a table for you and we are going to have a tray for your tears.
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine Credit: Thanks, Sheldon. And a big line of credit?
Sheldon Adelson: And a big line of credit. We know you’re good for it.
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine Credit: As far as – I understand the government is starting to put some meat behind the commission caps. Is it true they’re putting some rules in with enforcing penalties and such towards Macau?
Mike Leven: Yes. In Macau, Larry, there is – there are penalties apparently in the legislation. They are not quite in yet. There has been a couple of some – some people have indicated there is some – a little bit of waffling. We think it’s still going to hold at the 1.25 and there will penalties, but a lot depends upon whether the six concessionaires hold their line.
Sheldon Adelson: The new chief executive – there is an indication that he’s going to be more cooperative of the – we’ve been told that he has a very strong opinion about our integrated resort model being the best thing for Macau and that he is very supportive of the IR model. And he is also supportive of the strata title. If we can get that done – we can done, we can sell the apartments. As Mike said, it's a little tough that they are selling when the co-op regime, but if we get the strata title, it’s going to be a cakewalk.
Larry Klatzkin – Chapdelaine Credit: All right. Well, guys, good luck with the IPO and I hear the new chief executive is also a Yankee fan. So that’s good. Anyway, thanks a lot guys.
Sheldon Adelson: I thought he was a Red Sox fan.
Mike Leven: So did I.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rachael Rothman with Wedbush Morgan.
Rachael Rothman – Wedbush Morgan: Hi, good afternoon. Can you just give us a – I didn’t see it in the release and I’m sorry if I missed it, what you bad debt reserve in Macau percentage was in the third quarter and how that compares to the second quarter of 2009 and the third quarter of 2008? Thank you.
Ken Kay: Yes, hold on one second. I don't have the comparison quarter over quarter, but I can tell you that – and you have to break it down between kind of casino accounts receivable, which is obviously the biggest portion of the reserve and, for instance, hotel and other. But if you look at it in total of the various properties, it’s probably around – I want to say a total of probably about 15% in terms of total accounts receivable. And then depending on obviously kind of the mix of business from a casino standpoint, you are going to have a little bit more reserve for Venetian and Sands and obviously, the Four Seasons. But overall, I would say the reserve is about 15%.
Rachael Rothman – Wedbush Morgan: Has that changed at all from last quarter or from last year or are they essentially the same percentages that they have been?
Ken Kay: No, it will have increased. In other words, we have been more conservative with regard to some booking reserves for potentially doubtful accounts. It's really more of an issue of slow payment as opposed to uncollectibility. We find, from a quarter to quarter perspective, that just because of the nature of the economic downturn that some of the players are just paying a little bit slower. But nonetheless, we've obviously decided to be a little more conservative from a reserve perspective. And so we’ve increased them on a percentage basis over time. We fully expect to collect the vast majority of those amounts, but it will just take us a little bit longer to do so.
Rachael Rothman – Wedbush Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley – UBS: Thanks. I got two questions. One is in Vegas. I just want to clarify Rob’s comment. You said – weekend rates trending up, I think was the language that you used. Is that sequentially or is that year-over-year that you are seeing weekend rates up? And then my other question is Macau. I know the commission caps aren’t really going to be enforced until December, assuming the legislation goes through. But there was some talk that some operators in the market were publicly saying they were going to start observing it already. Have you seen – did you see that, are you seeing that in the market, I guess? What is your perception of what’s happening with commission rates in the market ahead of that cap? Thanks.
Mike Leven: I think we’ve seen a little bit of a waffling. Steve Jacobs, the CEO of Macau, has mentioned to me that there are a couple of indications where we’ve seen a little movement, not so much in the commission cap, but the way the deals are being struck, but it isn’t major with the present time. I think Robin, what you are going to see is if the business levels hold, as they have been in Macau, there should be little wavering if the business – some of the operators see some drops, they may get a little bit more aggressive, but hopefully they won’t. So we are still very optimistic about it.
Robin Farley – UBS: And in Vegas?
Rob Goldstein: Yes, Robin, the rate increases are definitely sequential, and clearly they're not every weekend, it depends on the weekend. We see them in parts of September and October. I wouldn't say it’s every weekend. We have seen the last couple of weekends look very strong and a couple of strong weekends in September. But definitely sequential.
Robin Farley – UBS: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Adelson for closing remarks.
Sheldon Adelson: We are very pleased to report a – an outstanding quarter to you. And as we’ve said, October looks very good, which including a healthy piece at the Plaza, which has begun to gather steam, and reminding you again about our basic business model, which is to sell core and – sell non-core assets. We see that day approaching us more quickly than we did a few months ago. And remember, not every contraction goes down in a straight line and not every expansion goes up in a straight line. We are going to experience peaks and valleys are we are now on the uptick. So we do expect to – that there will be a good, strong peak we hope coming up in the future. So I want to thank all of you very much for calling in and participating today.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Briggs – VP, IR Sheldon Adelson – Chairman and CEO Mike Leven – President and COO Rob Goldstein – EVP Ken Kay – CFO
Analysts: Joe Greff – J.P. Morgan Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein Cameron McKnight – Buckingham Steve Kent – Goldman Sachs Dennis Forst – Keybanc Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies  Rachael Rothman – Wedbush Morgan
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Michael and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corporation second quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Daniel Briggs, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Daniel Briggs: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me today are Mr. Sheldon G. Adelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mike Leven, our President and Chief Operating Officer, Rob Goldstein, Executive Vice President and President of The Venetian Las Vegas and The Palazzo, and Ken Kay, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I need to remind you that today’s conference call contains forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of federal securities law. I would also like to caution you that the company’s actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today’s press release under the caption forward-looking statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted EDITDA, adjusted net income, adjusted diluted EPS, and adjusted property EBITDA, which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of those measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Adelson.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks, Dan, and thank you all for joining us today. I want to begin the call today by making a couple of interesting points, a couple of very interesting points. First of all, that is no doubt that the operating environment in both Las Vegas and Macao remains challenging. Our properties are holding up quite well. People are continuing to visit our properties in great numbers and we're generating solid cash flow from a diverse set of revenue streams in both markets. The implementation of our cost savings programs has enabled us to significantly enhance cash flow generation and has positioned us to deliver greater operating margins when the economy eventually recovers. As we have stated in the past, we are continuing to advance five or six different options to increase our liquidity. We look forward to updating you about this in the near future. And finally, the management team here is the right team to execute our plan. I'm extremely pleased that Robert has now formally extended his contract with us and will be an important member of our management team in the years ahead. In addition, Mike is implementing additional leadership in Asia to adapt and strength to our management team there. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mike and he'll tell you more.
Mike Leven: Thank you, Sheldon, and thank you all for joining us today. Let me provide a quick update on the three principal components of our plan. First, to maximize cash flow from our current operating profits in Las Vegas and Macao by rightsizing our business and implementing cost control and efficiency measures. We have now increased our cost saving initiatives to more than $500 million of annualized savings. This is $30 million more than we had previously targeted. And we will continue our efforts to identify additional opportunities to increase that $500 million number. As of June 30, we have successfully implemented approximately 69% of these identified costs, eliminating $345 million of costs from our running rate. Turning to the second element of our plan, the delivery of our Singapore and Bethlehem developments as scheduled. We are pleased to have successfully opened sales at Bethlehem on May 22 and to have turned the focus of our efforts there towards building operating momentum at the property. At Marina Bay Sands in Singapore, construction, development and pre-opening activities continue on pace, and we are targeting an opening of the property in the first quarter of 2010. The third component of our plan is to generate sufficient liquidity to enable us to execute our deleveraging and growth strategies. As Sheldon mentioned a moment ago, we are advancing a number of opportunities that would generate additional liquidity. We are perusing a diversity of options and we look forward to updating you in the near future. I will now turn the call over to Rob to provide an update on our Las Vegas operations.
Rob Goldstein: Thanks Mike. Despite a difficult environment in Las Vegas marketplace overall, our properties delivered adjusted property EBITDA of $78 million in the second quarter. We generated $107 million in adjusted property EBITDA last year second quarter. The primary driver of the reduced performance in Las Vegas was lower hotel revenues, which were down by nearly $30 million, principally as a result of lower ADR across our suite product due to pending [ph] rate reductions in the higher segment of the marketplace. Visitation at both our Las Vegas properties remain healthy. Occupancy for our combined 7,100 rooms was 90% for the quarter with an ADR of $195. Our strategy to maximize cash flow in this environment remains the same, maintain high levels of occupancy at both hotels, fill as many rooms as possible with segments that are less rate sensitive such as group and corporate meeting business during the mid week periods, and FIT business on weekends. Our table gaming business, in particular our high-end baccarat business has held up well compared to Las Vegas marketplace overall. The second quarter table drop was $386 million compared to $408 million in the second quarter of last year, a decrease of approximately 5.4%. Slot number was $48.2 million, a decrease of less than 4% compared to last year's second quarter. Despite the relative stability in our business overall, we remain cognizant of the challenging operating environment, particularly with respect to room revenues. We're thus continuing to reduce our cost and right size our Las Vegas operations and that eliminated approximately $135 million from our run rate as at June 30 due to the implementation of our cost savings programs. Although we are making cost cuts, which principally involve back of the house functions, we continue to strive to provide a five star, five dime experience for our guests. Customer service excellence remains at the center of our culture. It is what we do, what we stand for. We believe these cost initiatives have been implemented with no degradation of the customer experience. We expect to have fully implemented approximately $200 million in annualized cost savings across our Las Vegas operations by end of this year. We will continue to seek additional opportunities to reduce our costs while maintaining our philosophy of maintaining our award-winning customer service. So in summary people are still visiting our Las Vegas properties in large numbers for both leisure and business purposes but they are spending less once they arrive, particularly on rooms and other non-gaming activities. In this environment, we believe our all suite asset base with it luxury and approachable appeal, diverse dining, retail and entertainment offerings will appeal to a wide range of customer and consumer tastes and budgets. We will continue to generate solid cash flow. As our cost savings programs are fully implemented, our properties will be positioned to perform well when the environment turns in the future. With that said, I'll turn the call back over to Mike and look forward to addressing your questions at the completion of the prepared remarks.
Mike Leven: Thank you, Rob. Let us turn to Macao and start with the Venetian Macao, which generated approximately $110 million of adjusted property EBITDA for the second quarter of 2009. The property generated a record $140 million in EBITDA over the second quarter of 2008. The decrease in adjusted EBITDA for the quarter compared to last year was negatively impacted by $10 million due to the impact of entertainment losses related to the Cirque du Soleil production and the write off during the quarter of certain retail receivables. Visits to the property have remained very strong with the Venetian Macao enjoying more than 5.4 million visits during the second quarter. That visitation drove healthy mass play and hotel occupancy for the quarter while rolling play has also remained solid. Our CotaiJet ferry service carried nearly one million passengers in the second quarter while our convention and group business accounted for approximately 13% of our room nights sold. The three prong strategy for the Venetian Macao continued throughout 2009 with the first initiative, the rightsizing of our business and the full implementation of our cost savings program, as well as other efficiency initiatives front and center. We have now expanded that program to target at least $300 million in annualized cost savings across our Macao operations. The program is designed to reduce our operating costs while preserving as many Macanese local jobs as possible and maintaining a high-quality customer experience for our guests. As of June 30, 2009, we have implemented approximately 70% of our targeted savings. That is up to $210 million from our annual run rate. The impact of the cost savings will become more pronounced in the coming quarters as the savings from recently enacted cost reductions are realized and as we continue to execute on additional initiatives. Other important areas of the cost reduction program include transportation, utilities and general hotel operating costs. Although we have accomplished a great deal, our work will continue on pace and we will update you on our progress as the year continues. The second strategy is to grow our mass table and slot business. Our CotaiJet ferry service remains an important infrastructure component in support of visitation to the Cotai Strip in the Venetian Macao. We expect the eventual ramp up of City of Dreams complex to add further critical mass to the Cotai Strip increasing our ferry occupancy over time, which may have been impacted in the quarter by the effect of the H1N1 virus and ultimately to increase visitation to the Venetian Macao. The promotional offerings of the CotaiJet are being targeted to casino customers and the service continues to drive traffic to the property. The direct service to Cotai Strip is an important contributor to strong slot play for the quarter which was up nearly 20% compared to the second quarter of 2008 and to healthy non rolling chip table games played. The third initiative is to manage our VIP business. The Venetian Macao's rolling chip volume of 9.8 million during the second quarter was consistent with the second quarter of last year and up over 13% sequentially from the first quarter of 2009. VIP revenues in the market overall for the quarter were down 19%, so we're pleased with the Venetian Macao's relative performance. While the VIP business remains an important component of our business, it contributes less than 12% to our adjusted property EBITDA at the Venetian Macao although that figure was impacted by lower hold this year compared to last year. That 12% compares to approximately 25% during the second quarter of 2008 and illustrates the increasingly diversified nature of our cash flows with over 30% coming from non-gaming sources, principally hotel rooms, entertainment and retail, and nearly 60% coming from mass gaming play and slots in the second quarter of 2009. Our principal objectives for the VIP rolling business remains the careful management of the business and the control of credit risk while we focus on the development of both profitable direct play.  During the second quarter, our non junket VIP play at the Venetian Macao represented 16% of our total rolling volume compared to 13% in the second quarter of 2008. So in summary, these three strategies have contributed to a solid performance for the Venetian Macao during the quarter. The full implementation of our cost savings program will contribute additional EBITDA in the coming quarters. Let me spend a moment on the Sands Macao. The Sands delivered $61 million in adjusted property EBITDA for the quarter compared to $54 million in the second quarter last year. The results reflected healthy mass gaming volumes and expanding EBITDA margins on a smaller revenue base. The cost savings initiatives we have implemented at the property today are positively impacting both the Sands EBITDA margins and its financial performance. The Sands remains a leader in mass play in the Macao Peninsula, delivering non rolling drop of greater than $595 million and nearly $300 million in slot handle. Rolling volume of $4.7 billion was down compared to the quarter one a year ago. We will continue to implement additional savings and other efficiency measures to further reduce the Sands' cost structure. Now a comment on the Four Seasons Hotel. The property generated nearly $6 million in adjusted property EBITDA during the second quarter. Although we have experienced a slower ramp up at the property that we planned, awareness of the property is growing, with weekend play and visitation in particular gaining momentum. The Four Seasons Hotel reached 44.5% occupancy with an ADR of $291 for the second quarter of 2009.  Looking ahead, we hope to benefit from both the launch of new marketing programs at the property and a natural increase in visitation to Cotai as our neighbor the City of Dreams continues to mature. We should also benefit from the recent addition of our 19 luxurious Paiza mansions, which have been full since they have opened. These exclusive suites, among the most luxurious in our portfolio, are being marketed directly to VIP customers residing throughout the region. So that covers our Macao operations. Let us spend another moment on Sands Bethlehem in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. The property opened on May 22 and has received a wonderful perception from the City of Bethlehem, the people of the Lehigh Valley and the wider region. Visitations to the region property, particularly on weekends, has been very healthy. We expect to increase visitation and play at the property as our player development, promotion and bussing programs mature in the months ahead, particularly in the mid-week businesses situation. Turning to our development activities at Marina Bay Sands in Singapore, construction, development, and pre-opening activities continue on pace, and we continue to target a first quarter 2010 opening. We're working closely with the Singapore Tourism Board and we will continue to do so throughout the summer and fall as we collaboratively work to finalize our opening days. With that, let me turn the call over to Ken to provide an update on our liquidity initiatives and capital resources overall.
Ken Kay: Thanks, Mike. As Mike mentioned previously, advancing opportunities that will generate liquidity, enhance our credit position and enable us to execute our deleveraging strategy is an important aspect of our plan. We are advancing a number of options to do just that which may include the sale of a minority equity interest in our Macao operations, and we look forward to providing you with an update of our progress on these opportunities in the near future as they come to fruition. With respect to our $500 million of cost savings, we have achieved approximately $345 million in total cost savings across Las Vegas and Macao. Of the $70 million in savings realized in the second quarter of 2009, approximately $35 million was realized from Las Vegas, and approximately $35 million was realized across our Macao operations. An important point with all these cost savings measures is that we view them as permanent. We expect to realize significantly improved EBITDA margins as revenues expand. Turning to liquidity and capital resources, as of June 30, we have approximately $2.7 billion of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash on the balance sheet. In addition, we have approximately $1.3 billion of availability under our undrawn credit facilities at current exchange rates, principally through our Singapore credit facility. So together, we have approximately $4 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and available sources of liquidity. The uses for that $4 billion includes approximately $2 billion of capital expenditures for the opening of Singapore. Total debt is $10.8 billion of which no significant maturities occur until May of 2011 when approximately $570 million related to our Macao revolver comes due, and then in May 2012 when our US revolver is due. Scheduled principal payments required for the remainder of 2009 and in 2010 totals $63.3 million and $198.8 million respectively. In addition to not having near term maturities on our outstanding debt, the cost of borrowing is quite low with a current weighted average rate of approximately 2.97%, which reflects a healthy reduction from the weighted average second quarter rate of 5.6% in 2008. With respect to our debt covenants for domestic credit facility, our trailing 12 month EDITDAR at June 30, 2009 for compliance purposes was $452 million. At June 30, 2009, our total gross domestic debt for compliance purposes was $5.2 billion. Our cash balances within the US restricted group were $2.2 billion and our calculated net debt for covenant compliance purposes was $3.1 billion. Our leverage ratio for covenant compliance purposes was 6.76 times compared to a maximum leverage covenant for our US credit facility of seven times. For the Venetian Macao restricted group, our trailing 12 month EBITDA at June 30, 2009 for compliance purposes were $827 million. At June 30, 2009, the Venetian Macao restricted group total gross debt for compliance purposes was $3.17 billion. Our leverage issue for covenant compliance purposes was 3.83 times compared to a maximum leverage covenant in the Venetian Macao restricted group of four times. Our cash balances within the Venetian Macao restricted group were $473 million. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Sheldon.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks Ken. Before we go over to the Q&A, let me make a couple of final points. First, we are singularly focused on the execution of our plan, and that plan is quiet straightforward. To maximize cash flow from current operations, open Singapore and generate additional liquidity to enhance our credit position on our balance sheet. We are executing on these things and have complete confidence we will complete this. From there we will be very well positioned to resume our industry-leading growth trajectory. We possess very high quality assets and differentiated operating strategies in each of our markets. Our assets have broad appeal across diverse customer segments. At our highly profitable mass business in Macao – our highly profitable mass business in Macao positions us quite well. And our Singapore property, an asset with the potential to generate the strongest growth in our entire portfolio is targeted to open approximately 6 months from today. And I would like to make another point that seems to get lost in the shuffle of figures and that is our original business plan. Our original business model was to build core and non core assets, sell off the non core assets at the right time and pay down or pay off all of the financing related to building the core assets. So when we talk about owning $10 billion plus, first of all, we break it up into three groups. About a little more – about a third of it, or a little under a third in Singapore, it is totally reliant upon the Singapore assets. That is its primary collateral and we feel quite good about Singapore. The leasing activity in the recent past has really undergone a trust in demand. So the activity in the GDP and Singapore is improving quickly. So we expect overall that our original business plan will be amply executed in Singapore by selling the cash flow of the retail mall in Singapore and either substantially reduce or eliminate the total debt to build Singapore. In the case of Macao, the cash flow and the sale, of course, we have to wait until the current real estate property market improves, but it is going better in Asia than it is in the United States, and we expect it to – you know when everybody reasonably expects it to get back to normal, when it gets back to normal, we will sell our retail – we will consider selling our retail, if we can get the exaggerated price we are looking for. And we do intend to start selling the Four Seasons apartments, serviced apartments as condominiums, hopefully by the end of this year. And I was in China, this past week, came back Sunday night, and the South China Morning Post saying that there was becoming a shortage of apartments in Hong Kong. So people are opening up – they are picking up their mattresses, taking their money out, and they are starting to buy apartments, and they made reference to the old style of Hong Kong apartment sales that several projects get sold out within two or three days of they being exposed to the market. So we do expect a very good response on the Four Seasons apartments. And in Las Vegas, as the market returns to normal, and you're guess is good as ours, but things appear to be appearing more normal in today's – currently than has been over the last six to twelve months, then we would be able to hopefully restart our condominium project, the St. Regis project for condos and then substantially reduce our debt in the Las Vegas market plus upstreaming money from Macao and Singapore. What I want to say is that our business plan, our business model is just completely different from other business models. Other business models rely upon paying off the debt to build the properties only through operations. So when I look into only to operations to pay off our debt, we will look into our very unique fundamental business plan, by selling off our retail and other apartments, and reducing the – reducing or eliminating all of our debts. So we don't feel as uncomfortable as just a superficial look might encourage some people to look, where they would say, hey, they have got a lot of debt, and how are they going to pay that off quickly from operations? Well, we have the non core assets that we've built to make a substantial dent in those big numbers. So with that now, I think it is time to move to Q&A.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Our first question will come from Joe Greff with J.P. Morgan.
Joe Greff – J.P. Morgan: Good afternoon, everyone. I have a couple of follow up questions on the second quarter results and then I will, if I could, ask some big picture strategy questions of you, Sheldon and Ken, on liquidity. The 10 million write off that you refer in the press release, Mike, I believe you said that was in the 110 million of adjusted EBITDA in the quarter?
Mike Leven: Right.
Joe Greff – J.P. Morgan: Okay. And what was the net hold impact at the Venetian Macao if you were to adjust for normal on both VIP and mass?
Ken Kay: In the Venetian Macao?
Joe Greff – J.P. Morgan: Yes.
Ken Kay: It is about 17 million.
Joe Greff – J.P. Morgan: 17 million net benefit?
Ken Kay: Yes.
Joe Greff – J.P. Morgan: Yes, okay. All right. And then corporate expense, obviously you referred to what the big year-over-year increase was, if we were to back out that one item that you referred to, what is the normalized corporate expense run rate in the quarter and going forward?
Ken Kay: I'm sorry. Say that one more time.
Joe Greff – J.P. Morgan: If you back out the one time item in corporate expense, what sort of a normalized level there?
Ken Kay: Yes. It is probably in the, I would say – well, there is two ways to answer that question. And in the environment in which we are also including cost avoidance, meaning limiting salary increases and bonuses, it is probably in the, I want to say, about the $20 million range. Obviously, when business conditions improve, then you would expect bonus compensation and incentive compensation to come back. The numbers will be higher than that, but for the time being, it is probably around $20 million a quarter.
Joe Greff – J.P. Morgan: Great. And then, Ken, Sheldon, what sort of a timetable for you that you think you can come through and figure out the liquidity situation before the Venetian Macao covenants starts to put , so to speak, a noose around your neck? And then from a timing perspective, what is the earliest you think you can do something in Hong Kong?
Sheldon Adelson: What do you mean do something in Hong Kong? You mean go to have dinner there?
Joe Greff – J.P. Morgan: Well, you will probably do that pretty soon. You probably…
Sheldon Adelson: We have great Chinese restaurants…
Joe Greff – J.P. Morgan: … doing an IPO in Hong Kong, I mean if you were to have everything set like I think you guys are, what is the earliest that you guys could do it assuming the market is receptive?
Sheldon Adelson: Why a fishing expedition, Joe? I will just repeat. We have not finally decided. When we finally decide what route we're going to take, we will announce it. Until we do announce it, no final decision, and none of the five or six approaches that we are taking are decided upon. We may do – we may take two or three steps of the five or six that we're considering. I know there has been a lot of publicity about since Wynn filed its IPO in Hong Kong. It has been almost a given that we're going to follow on. So I would just like to caution that that final decision is not yet made. We're still talking to all the people with whom we have spoken before. We're talking to construction companies about putting money up for five and six. So I think that the decision as to what route to take, hopefully we will make it within the next month, within the next 30 days, and start to implement those decisions before the end of the year. We are anxiously looking forward to starting lots five and six and have a reasonable feeling that we will be able to get the financing to do that. And we will announced, if and when we're going to do an IPO, otherwise if and when we're going to do private equity, or any other form of financing. But I could tell you this. Negotiations and discussions are going on virtually every single day. And so there is no final decision yet. The opportunities become more plentiful and more palatable as each day goes by. I wish we had a year or so to wait but we shouldn't do that. We should – we'll get money and improve our liquidity position as soon as we can.
Joe Greff – J.P. Morgan: Thank you.
Sheldon Adelson: You're welcome.
Operator: The next question will come from Janet Brashear with Sanford Bernstein.
Sheldon Adelson: Hi, Janet.
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: Hi. How are you? Thanks. First question, if I could ask this without incurring Sheldon's wrath, I'm curious about the City of Dreams. It appears that it has posted some significant share gains in July. I’m curious as to whether you would characterize those as market expansion or share shift, and if it is share shift, who is losing to them?
Sheldon Adelson: Well, I could tell you that we have – the fellow who runs all of Macao was just here for our board meeting presentations that have occurred over the last couple of days, and he said we put up a camera to watch the traffic going across the street. And he said for every one person that goes from our property to their property, two people come back. Now, you know, you have these, it is – we just don’t have somebody there with a clicker. We have these – I don’t know these high-tech gadgets that count people as they walk in and that is how we get counts. You want to incur my wrath, Janet? You were absolutely positive in your prior report that the City of Dreams is going to cannibalize us. The fact of the matter is that our attendance is going up and very happy to say that because the traffic had I think to all of Macao had sunk a little bit, because of the H1N1, or let’s call it the swine flu scares, we think that’s abating now, and that there are more people coming, and I think we are back to – for instance, over the past weekend on one day, we had 94,000 people at the Venetian Macao.  And the next day we had 98,000. And a normal high demand peak period for a weekend would be give or take a 100,000 for each of the weekend days. So the City of Dreams is contributing to the solidity of the Cotai Strip location, and we feel quite comfortable. So we are going to allow them to connect to our overpass walkway that go – pedestrian – raised pedestrian walkways to go over the main street. So we are not concerned about them taking traffic from us. We know that our properties will be the must see properties and whatever people they get that go to the – that come to Cotai to go to the City of Dreams will also go to our properties, The Venetian, The Four Seasons, and when we open five and six, which we hope to do within a year from the time we started, we’ll be the major beneficiaries of the cross traffic.
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: Can I ask about the Sands and the Peninsula? All the revenue components are down. Your EBITDA margin is up an impressive six points and your EBITDA is up 13%. How do you do that?
Sheldon Adelson: By cooking the books. Just kidding, just kidding. Mike, you want to answer that?
Mike Leven: I think that the Sands situation has been, some of the planning on how we’re working the floor and also some cost reductions that have gone in and have been implemented in the Sands that have produced better EBITDA. Also significant degree of mass market gaming, which is – much of it is higher profitable on a margin basis. So that’s why you’re seeing I think the margins are so much better, and they are continuing as well.
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: One final question, Sheldon…
Sheldon Adelson: I would like to just finish off what Mike said. They are continuing. We normally don’t go into the current quarter when we make the call but it is continuing on the upside, above the run rate at the second quarter.
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Thanks for that. Sheldon, as you meet with the Casino Association, it’s been reported that some of the topics are tax rates and junket commissions, are there other issues at the forefront of those discussions?
Sheldon Adelson: Well, I wasn’t at the last meeting, Steve – Steven was. I was there a couple of meetings ago. And we all signed a document at the time saying that we all agree to put a cap on the junk – on the junket rate commission. But in the interim, we’ve agreed with City of Dreams and we’re both holding and we’re staying at 1.25 including comps. To the best of my recollection, there was no material discussion – there was no discussion of any other material issue. I brought up discussion about the getting better handling of the – at the airport, and talked about the other issues about the light rail and adding on to the and accelerating the completion of the Cotai – Pac-On ferry terminal, where we bring our ferries into, but there was no substantial discussion of any other material issue.
Janet Brashear – Sanford Bernstein: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Cameron McKnight with Buckingham.
Cameron McKnight – Buckingham: Hi, guys. How are you?
Sheldon Adelson: Good. How are you doing?
Cameron McKnight – Buckingham: Well. Very quickly, wondering if you can give us an update on the renegotiation of the covenants with the Macao Bank Group?
Sheldon Adelson: What did he say?
Ken Kay: The Macao Bank Group covenants?
Sheldon Adelson: Update on the covenants?
Mike Leven: Covenants and negotiations, Ken?
Ken Kay: Yes. That process continues. I think we have gotten some pretty favorable feedback in our recent discussions with them and we are optimistic that we will bring that to a favorable conclusion in the near term.
Sheldon Adelson: There is always a low bid and a high ask, and just like in every negotiation, we are trying to bridge the gaps.
Cameron McKnight – Buckingham: Got it. So would it be fair to say that it is more about the price rather than whether it will happen?
Sheldon Adelson: Well, I think that’s fair to say.
Ken Kay: Yes. I think there is always give and take in the negotiations that Sheldon mentioned, and we think we will come to an amenable conclusion for both sides.
Sheldon Adelson: I think if your thinking is that they have not given it to us, that’s not the case at all. There is definite – there is a definite package of goodies that they want, which obviously we as the other side think are highly exaggerated, but doesn’t that happen in every negotiation?
Cameron McKnight – Buckingham: Absolutely. And the expiry on your offer was tomorrow, is that correct?
Sheldon Adelson: I don’t know.
Ken Kay: The original date is, but that has to be extended.
Cameron McKnight – Buckingham: Okay. Sure. And just a question for Rob, Rob, your outlook gave us some color on what happened with the slot flow at Venetian Las Vegas during the quarter?
Rob Goldstein: Sure. We have been rethinking it for the last three, four quarters to reflect less poker play and our goal is to – I just see by the numbers our hold percentage is increasing, our handle is off, but that’s calculated in our thought process, because we just don’t see the value on all the poker play we have taken previously, and we still drove I think good results in this market. We were down you know very little compared to the market, very pleased with it. And it’s our belief the poker business gets tougher and tougher and so we’re de-emphasizing it. We still have poker play available but some of the team play and some of the tougher costs we have passed on and we have just gone to better margin and better results.
Cameron McKnight – Buckingham: Got it. So how should we think about slots going forward? I mean are the volume numbers you posted this quarter indicative of what we might expect in the going quarter – in the coming quarters or was there some degree of disruption in there as well?
Rob Goldstein: I think we will continue to you know hopefully try to improve last year's results in the third quarter. I mean one thing that is happening in the slot side of our business is that we are giving more rooms away, we never did it in the past, complementary rooms to the slot segment. We are able to do that because of it is available to us, obviously occupancy were up a bit. But if there is one part of our business I feel good about, it is our slot business. It grew our numbers versus our competitors, and I’m very pleased, and I think we will continue to move upward. We just want to mange our costs because our goal at the end of day is to make money not just drive revenue.
Cameron McKnight – Buckingham: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Rob Goldstein: Welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steve Kent – Goldman Sachs: Hi, couple of questions. First, Mike, could you just talk a little bit about the expense reduction program? And I guess I would – what I would say is that, the company, LVS has always been very return focused and pretty tight fisted. So to find $500 million in expenses is impressive and I just want to know the strategy of how you are doing that and how it's not impacting the consumer in any significant way. And then, Rob, maybe you could just talk about the convention calendar over the next 12 months, and also what your plans are to react to the City Center opening?
Mike Leven: Steve, the answer to the – thank you, the answer to the first part of that first question regarding the millions of dollars that we have found, first of all, let me say that the previous management before I got here had identified a significant amount of that. We just went to a different situation starting around the beginning of April finding more. That split about roughly $200 million in Las Vegas, $300 million in Macao. We track very, very consistently our guest satisfaction, customer complaints and what have you, and we have seen absolutely no increase in customer objections or problems with what we have done. We have carefully gone through every potential saving situation in order to identify those non-customer related activities, some of what we call soft costs, the advertising, marketing expenses, things of that kind. And some are high costs, which represent pay roll activities and pay roll situations, changing the way we do business and the cost of call centers and things of that kind, that represents saving that don’t affect the customer whatsoever. Clearly, the number sounds very, very large, but one has to recognize that these operations are enormous in size. We are dealing with 7,100 suites in Las Vegas or 3,600 or 3,500 suites between the Sands and the Venetian Macao. The numbers of employees, the numbers of transactions, the numbers of activities are gigantical in size. So we have been able to very carefully find ways to do business differently and to achieve those numbers. We are very, very aware of the fact that we can’t absorb customer complaints and we monitor them. But I would say we have done a really good job and we have seen nothing that indicates that we have gone too far. And frankly, I think we are pretty close to the end of what we are doing in that particular situation with our identification. We will find some more stuff around the edges because you always do, but we are watching it every day to make sure that we don't go too far away.
Rob Goldstein: Steve, as to the group side of the business, it is – there is demand. The good news is demand is certainly there, it is returning, it is getting better for both the balance of this year and in 2010 and 2011. The issue is going to be rate because, obviously, we love to go back to running 45% of our mix being group driven, and it enables us maybe to fill and fill it fast, ADRs, and the banker revenues with it. I don't think we are going to get there because of the rate issue. We can fill the hotel and get to 40%, 45% again? But we are not seeing the rates we are used to, so we are holding back a bit trying to be more judicious and looking out to strengthen the wholesale until we see rates return to a place we are comfortable with it. That being said, July bookings this year really increased (inaudible) to a level we are happy with what we are seeing. Demand patterns are strong. It is simply competitive pressures on the rate that have those concerns. And we believe we will come back, but it is not as – it would be wrong to say that it is back to levels we like to see it at and again it is a function of rate not a function of demand.
Sheldon Adelson: I think – this is Sheldon. Hi, Steve. I think that and knowing the convention market like I do, I think that what we are seeing is people are seeing rates that hotels are willing to sell at today to different groups. And I think that that will last forever. But we are not succumbing to those low ball rates and low ball offers, because as the market gets back to normal, and we are seeing it move faster back to normal. As Rob just said that, we have had a very good July, selling July, I mean to sell for future months. I think that that as people understand that we expect the market to go back to normal, the room rates will go back to normal. We have just got to hold in tight and not cave in to the low rate mentality that these show organizers, show producers want us to cave into. But listen, we have got to – we can’t be as strong as we were in the past. We will have to take a little bit of time to ramp up to get back to normal.
Steve Kent – Goldman Sachs: Thanks
Operator: Your next question comes from Dennis Forst with Keybanc.
Dennis Forst – Keybanc: Yes. Good afternoon. I wanted to ask Rob about The Palazzo and Venetian hold percentages. I noticed that there was a big difference between the win per table at The Palazzo versus The Venetian that would indicate to me that The Venetian had a very long hold.
Rob Goldstein: You will be correct to assume that. But again I mean it swings dramatically, same thing is happening this month, it swings dramatically, and in some months we play lucky, one place goes to the other. There's two types of business on the table inside, there is the mass table and it is the high end. On the high end side, we do have – we do have a high end side, you know, a lot of volatility. This month we have had extraordinary amounts of high end play in The Palazzo, and it depends where it is at. You can almost – you can almost assume that our mass table play will come in at 15,16, 17, and at the end of the day our high-end play will come in at the high 20s, I mean the handle will be $10 billion in Las Vegas since we opened The Venetian, and the truth is we really sell them at high 20s, 28, 29 and 30. And in the end that is where it will be at. But you will have volatility and we kind of expect that, it is not surprising.
Dennis Forst – Keybanc: Okay. And why are there so many more tables at The Palazzo? And more important than that, the trend sequentially, you added tables at The Palazzo in the second quarter and dropped The Venetian by about 15 tables?
Rob Goldstein: We are moving our – we are constantly looking at our mix. We are not looking any more at this building as a Venetian versus Palazzo or vice versa, we are looking at what is the right mix of tables and slots on both sides. You can choose to downsize our slot floor dramatically from the opening of The Palazzo, we keep looking at what we need to have on the floor. As you know in Las Vegas, the capacity issues I think in every hotel in this town, there is probably too many slot machines relative to demand. I think the table games we are trying to right size there as well, looking at staffing, where the demands are. But at the end of the day, we are going to have enough tables and slots to satisfy the busiest weekend, the busiest night. We are just trying to step intelligently and obviously we are buying slots machines these days. It is obviously expensive and we want the right mix, but there is no magic to it.  We treat it as one large gaming floor, we look at the manpower,, we look at the traffic, we are constantly look at our cost side. And frankly it is just simply a day in, day out exercise of trying to right size the tables and slots. Again back to an early question of volatility, you know volatility is what it is, and you are going to have nights where you are going to win money in table games, especially of the high end baccarat play where you are betting a lot of money, and you are obviously going to lose a lot of money. But I don’t think there is any magic to it, it doesn’t matter, Venetian, Palazzo in the end, it is the same building to us.
Dennis Forst – Keybanc: Okay. And you had mentioned that I think in the group business that when things are good, you get about 45% of your rooms from group…
Rob Goldstein: Yes.
Dennis Forst – Keybanc: What has it been the last six months?
Rob Goldstein: We dipped down in the first quarter. For the year, we have dipped down below the 25%. And again the inching part of the equation is that demand is there. There is demand coming back on line from especially pharmaceuticals, fast food, we are not seeing return in the financials, obviously would be automotive, but there is demand on the group side and it continues to get stronger. The problem we are having is rate pressures. So in a perfect world back in 2007, 2008 until the third quarter, we ran 44% occupancy of our hotel, mix was group, and we are now dipping down below the 25%, which is not where we want to be at. So again we are not going to take rates, they are simply silly relative to the (inaudible) we achieved in the wholesale FIT market. We will move more into casino (inaudible) et cetera.
Dennis Forst – Keybanc: Okay. And then you mentioned Palazzo had a lot of high-end business in July. How was the hold?
Rob Goldstein: I am not going to talk about that, am I? We can't talk about that.
Dennis Forst – Keybanc: You can't?
Rob Goldstein: No.
Dennis Forst – Keybanc: Okay. And then lastly, can you give an indication of what the Palazzo's contribution EBITDA contribution was over that 78? Usually each quarter you kind of breakout the two properties.
Rob Goldstein: Is that handy, I have cumulative, if you hang on one second, we can dig that out for you. We didn't break it out. So you can just go through our numbers and pull it out. One second. Jeff, can you…
Sheldon Adelson: While he is looking for that, I want to explain on the answer that I gave before about liquidity. So I want to emphasize that there is no question whatsoever that in the near feature we are going to have a decision on which is the best opportunity for us to create the liquidity that we would like to have. So this is not a question of if, it is only a question of when, and what are the most favorable terms for us. So when we come out with the answer, it will be an answer that will be the best answer available in the market today.
Rob Goldstein: On the question of Palazzo contribution, it is actually $45 million EBITDA for the quarter, up from 34.7 Q2 of 2008. And the leading factor there would be our ADR climbed to 2.07. The Palazzo is getting stronger every day.
Dennis Forst – Keybanc: Yes. It seems like the Palazzo is becoming the place of choice of the – the handle is higher, you have got more tables, your room rates are higher. It has to have to do with the location, closer to the higher end properties than The Venetian next to the Harrah's property.
Rob Goldstein: Look, the Venetian is a ten-year-old product. The Palazzo is newer and fresher. And the room product in The Venetian is extraordinary, as good as any room product. We spent a $100 million to make the room product in The Venetian compete. We are working and looking into a casino floor, but you are right, the Palazzo has become a very successful product, and sandwiched between Wynn and Venetian, it has got great cross traffic from (inaudible) but the original Palazzo will get there, it has gotten there, it has arrived.
Dennis Forst – Keybanc: All right.
Sheldon Adelson: That was the original plan for that? Is this Dennis?
Dennis Forst – Keybanc: Yes, Sheldon, it is.
Sheldon Adelson: Hi, Dennis.
Dennis Forst – Keybanc: Anyway thank you very much. And keep up the good work.
Sheldon Adelson: Thank you.
Dennis Forst – Keybanc: Good luck going forward.
Sheldon Adelson: The original plan for The Palazzo was to create a property that appealed to different tastes and not just to good looking taste of people who like The Venetian. And since it is newer and it took a lot longer to get it open from the – compared to the – relative to the time we first opened The Venetian, so obviously we get a higher rate out of that because it is newer and people expect to pay a higher rate. So it is really accomplishing the basic purpose for which we established it.
Operator: Your next question will come from Larry Klatzkin [ph] with Jefferies [ph].
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Hi, guys.
Sheldon Adelson: I thought Larry got lost.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Hi, save the best for last. Couple of things here. One the commission cap agreement among the various operators, Sheldon, is there a method set up for enforcing that and how do you expect it will affect your bottom line?
Sheldon Adelson: I think it affects the bottom line. Ken, can you give us an estimate of how the commission affects our bottom line?
Ken Kay: Yes. It should be an improvement that is probably north of about $30 million.
Sheldon Adelson: All right?
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: And as far as enforcement goes?
Sheldon Adelson: A quarter or a year?
Ken Kay: A year, on an annual basis?
Mike Leven: That is just The Venetian not for the Sands.
Sheldon Adelson: That is just for one property.
Ken Kay: There would be as well The Venetian and the Four Seasons, right.
Sheldon Adelson: 30 million to 40 million minimum?
Ken Kay: Yes.
Sheldon Adelson: What was the first half of the question, Larry?
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Whether there is an enforcement so that since in Macao not everybody follows the rules in play?
Sheldon Adelson: Well, that is a good question. There has been no – when I was there I committed to do it on the onus system, the breach of which will be reason to beat people up with a wet spaghetti noodle.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: All right.
Sheldon Adelson: I just don't know how it is going to be. Well, according to quote Francis Tandy [ph], Head of the Economic and Finance Ministry, said that there will be – he will suggest that $0.5 million per occurrence breach of the regulation, because this will not be just an agreement amongst the operators, it will be embedded in the law. So, there has been no final agreement on it. The most that I have heard is the possibility of that half a million dollar penalty, but who knows?
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: All right. And then as far as the new administrator coming in, Sheldon, what are your expectations, hopes?
Sheldon Adelson: You mean the new chief executive?
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Yes.
Sheldon Adelson: Yes. Fernando Chui, we visited, I don't have a lot of experience with him, but the experience we do have with him is very positive. He is a very bright, he went to PhD in the US, and he is a very, very bright person, very – he is not going to be a bull in the china shop, or at least that is what the press says. He is going to continue a lot of the same policies, but then change some of them. The one thing that Edmund Ho was quick to point out that he won’t open the door on the question of reducing taxation. What I want to point out there is, the taxation is 35%, and that's what they think of it. We think of it as 40, because there is a 4% additional tax, but it goes to the Macao Foundation. They don't call that a tax, they call that a contribution. That can be usually removed by just a dictate from the Chief Executive. He doesn’t have to go to the Legislative Council for that like you would have to go to reduce anything from the 35. So we rounded it out to 40% because there are small taxes on per machine per table that probably go 1% of the rule. Actually what we are looking at is, number one, he has stated repeatedly that tax reduction is on the front burner. And even Stanley Ho was talking about tax reduction at the Gaming Association meeting to compete with Taiwan, to compete with Singapore and the Philippines. So it appears as though there is a lot of momentum in favor of the tax reduction. Did I answer the question?
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: And then as far as Pennsylvania tables, I mean I know the government made some comments when you opened. What are your hopes for that and what kind of upside do you see?
Sheldon Adelson: My last memo from our government affairs guys came out two days ago said that it appears pretty likely that it will pass before the end of the summer. And that – I remember when I was there for the opening, the Head of the Gaming Commission said it will take like nine months to implement the rules. That will be a big game changer for Bethlehem. It will be the closest casino – full casino to New York City.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: All right, thanks
Sheldon Adelson: So they said – they said it is likely to pass by the end of the summer, and if doesn’t, it will pass for sure in the fall.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Okay. And then last question, General Growth, what’s the final result on that, do you guys end up getting the mall back? What exactly happens there?
Sheldon Adelson: General Growth, that’s a misnomer right now, it is General Shrink. Discussions and positioning is still occurring. We don't know what we are going to be able to close there.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: All right. Thanks Sheldon.
Operator: And our final question will come from Rachael Rothman with Wedbush Morgan.
Sheldon Adelson: Let me just add on to what I said before, our general counsel tells me that General Growth is in make up shape, so it is up to the bankruptcy court.
Ken Kay: Okay, Rachel.
Sheldon Adelson: Go ahead.
Rachael Rothman – Wedbush Morgan: Thank you. I just had a bigger picture question on Las Vegas, if I could, specifically I guess on room rates and RevPAR and occupancy. Looking kind of out to 2010 as we think about the three buckets of your business, the visa, traveler or gambler, and then the conventional association business, and then the individual or FIT business, I guess you guys have cut rate enough to sustain occupancy, but historically it is been pretty hard to drive rate on leisure I guess? And conventions and associations and FIT being a late cycle play, how should we think about rate improvement? And then as we look at the cost containment, with the cost already having been taken out of the business, will any further rate declines – how should we think about the flow through from RevPAR to EBITDA, kind of in years two and three of the downturn? Thanks.
Sheldon Adelson: That is a tough question, I will answer that. What I want to point out to you is that our property is substantially differentiated from other properties. We are not just a hotel, we are an all suite hotel that has the – that has amenities, we are an integrated resort, that other properties don’t have. So for instance, we have like many hundreds of thousands of square feet of shopping, where other hotels have either none or small amounts. The only property that connects with – there are two other properties that connect with large shopping malls, that is Caesar's Palace connected to The Forum, and the Desert Passage that connects to the Planet Hollywood, or that surrounds the casino in Planet Hollywood. So we have four show rooms here and most of the hotels have only one. We are a different value proposition. So when people look at paying, we think we can get away with something $50 or $75 more than what just a plain hotel room can get. So not all hotels, not all Vegas properties are created equal. We think we are created a little more equal than others and our ability to get back to normalized ADR is probably better and faster than our competitors. Of course, The Palazzo and Wynn are – still have a very, very high level of appreciation.
Ken Kay: I think we will continue to balance the segments you referenced and obviously we had a look – you are talking out the booking timing, is the issue for us. We can sell the hotel if we want to (inaudible) but the rates aren't favorable. We will watch the rates in all segments and play to them. The one we are moving into, obviously we are moving more into leisure FIT, expand to a casino, because we think there is an upside there for us, that have more of a balance toward that, those two segments. But when the rates return in the group market, that will be our first choice because of the midweek booking and also because of bank book, but we are watching all of it closely. We believe rates will move up this fall and then we are going to realize that Las Vegas is too discounted, is too cheap, and the Palazzo is too good to be selling at these rates. I mean hopefully post Labor Day, we will see a return to a better placement rate issues in those segments.
Rachael Rothman – Wedbush Morgan: I guess on the margin flow through, if we could just use an use an analogy from the hotel industry, yourself being from the hotel industry. You know looking at kind of the progression coming out of the 2001 recession in September 11. By 2003, RevPAR declines had moderated if I recall correctly, may be they were just down 0.5%. But EBITDA margins in the industry overall fell 300 basis points, as the flow through was pretty severe, most of the low hanging fruit out of the cost structure had already been taken. So I guess how should we think about the potential relationship between RevPAR to EBITDA margin flow through as we enter years two and three at the downturn here without you know a material rate uptick?
Ken Kay: I think – I think we have a lot of upside in this company because we have the right sized building. I think that every dollar – as the ADR has climbed, it should augur pretty healthier. I mean we have a structure that a $20 or $30 increase of ADR would be very impactful for us and I think 90 plus percent would flow through the EBITDA. Mike, do you…?
Mike Leven: Yes. I, having went through those years and seen what has happened, what you have seen in the hotel industry, if you are in hospitality industry, they looked at it on a non-casino basis over those cycles since – actually since 1990. What happened in the business over the last four or five year is that room rate had dramatic increases all over the place. And now what you are seeing is it coming back, but it will never go back to where it originally started from. It generally comes back and then goes forward, it is sort of two steps forward and one step back kind of situation. What you see is right sizing going on in a lot of situations, but some are not as pliable as we are here to really gain the maximum advantage. Because we have so many rooms and so much demand, it simply – we think the rate problem is more psychological than it is actual. And basically just a couple of weekends ago, we had a $241 weekend rate here. And so that’s available to us, and if these cost of operations that flow through is positively astronomical, I mean you’re going to get almost $0.90 – $0.90 on the dollar is going to come right through to the bottom line at the EBITDA level, flows really right through. So I think that’s really our hope is we are very well positioned to be able to take advantage of any kind of improvement in the marketplace, some of which is created by the market and some of which is created by the operators themselves, who are willing to take the risks and go higher, and we are already implementing some of those strategies.
Rachael Rothman – Wedbush Morgan: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And I would now like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Sheldon Adelson: Closing remarks, I just want to go back to what I said earlier about the liquidity issue. This is something that is a first priority on my mind, on our minds, and we expect to have an announcement about that in the near future. But it is a – I forget the expression, but it is a something of plenty. We have five or six different opportunities to mix and match certain opportunities that are out there.  For instance, to have partners or to have construction companies fund money for lots five and six, we were talking to two companies, we were still talking to both, although one of them is getting very close. There is a possibility that a new market has opened up and the possibility of selling bonds, which was not on our schedule before has popped up. There is the possibility of private equity and, of course, there is a possibility of doing an IPO. That also comes along with something that we are not used to here in the States, and that’s called pre-IPO financing. And in some cases, some of the IPOs in Hong Kong sell pre-IPO financing for a very significant amount, percentages of what they anticipate for an IPO. So there is also financing for lots five and six, and there is not one of these issues that are turning more solid, and they are turning more positive. Each one of these issues is turning more positive. The terms are looking better as each day goes by. So we don’t want to make a final decision until we feel that we are at a plateau of the improvement in the deal. So we are focusing on – we are going to have – we will have the liquidity, we do have liquidity now, and we will have even much more liquidity later, and it will help to restart a couple of the projects, or maybe all of them that we stopped in the not too distant future for which we will have adequate financing. So I want to thank all of you for being part of this call and we will talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This will conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-11 16:30:00) =====
Executives: William Weidner – President and COO Rob Goldstein – SVP and President of Venetian and the Palazzo Brad Stone – President of Global Operations and Construction Stephen Weaver – President of Asia Kenneth Kay – SVP and CFO Ben Toh [ph] – SVP, Finance in Macao Ed Feiner – SVP and Chief Architect
Analysts: Joe Gross – JP Morgan Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs Larry Klatzkin – Jeffries Robin Farley – UBS Bill Lerner – Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Shenal and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corporation Q4 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) I would now like to turn the conference to William Weidner, President and COO. Please go ahead sir.
William Weidner: Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. On the call with me today will be Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman who will be joining us by telephone conference. Brad Stone, President of Global Operations and Construction, who has joined us by teleconference in Macao. And on the teleconference with Brad are Stephen Weaver, our President of Asia, Leonard DeAngelo, our Senior Vice President of Operations for Asia. Mathew Prior, our Senior VP of Construction and Development, and Ben Toh [ph] our Senior VP of Finance in Macao. Here with me on Las Vegas are Rob Goldstein, President of Venetian and the Palazzo. Ken Kay our Chief Financial Officer. Al Gonzalez our Senior VP and General Counsel. Scott Henry our Senior VP of Finance. And Daniel Briggs, our Vice President Investor Relations. Before I begin I need to remind you that today’s conference call contains forward-looking statements that we are making under the safe harbor provisions of federal securities law. I would also like to caution you that the company’s actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today’s press release under the caption forward-looking statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted EDITDA, adjusted net income, adjusted EPS, and adjusted property EBITDAR, which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. By now over the last few moments you should have all received our press release detailing our financial results for the fourth quarter of 2008. Our agenda for today’s call is as follows. First, I will give an overview of our business and the plan we outlined in our third quarter call. I will then turn the call over Rob Goldstein and to Brad Stone to talk about our fourth quarter operating performance in Las Vegas and Macao respectively. Including the cost reduction measures we have implemented throughout the organization in an effort to increase the efficiency and reduce our operating expenses during this period challenging operational conditions. From there Brad and Mathew Prior will discuss our developments in Singapore and Bethlehem, Pennsylvania as these properties move for their respective opening about four months from now in the case of Sands Bethlehem and less than a year from now for Marina Bay Sands. Stephen Weaver will then provide an update on our Macao asset sales processes, The Four Seasons apartment hotel, and our Macao retail malls. I will also then make some closing remarks before moving on to your questions. I don’t need to remind you of the significant uncertainty in the markets and the economy are currently experiencing. The good news is that despite the current economic uncertainty people are continuing to visit our properties in both Las Vegas and Macao in great numbers. We are generating significant cash flow from our properties. The bad news is that people in both of those markets are clearly spending less once they arrive. Although we cannot control consumer confidence or know when the market conditions will improve, but what we can and will do is control our cost structure and focus all of our collective efforts and the disciplined execution of the business plan we introduced in November. Our plan has three basic components, where are objectives in those plans are to first maximize cash flow from our current operating properties in Las Vegas and Macao. Second, to deliver our two ongoing developments, Marina Bay Sands in Singapore, and Sands Bethlehem in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, on-time and on-budget. And third, to generate liquidity to the sale of non-core assets. We have made progress on each of these components of our plans since its adoption. We are focused on executing it in spite of the challenging economic conditions in which we all operate. With respect to the first component of our plan, maximizing cash flow from current operations, we have identified and are implementing over $250 million of run rate cost savings across our company, significantly reducing the revenue risk in our plan. Our ability to control our cost across the entire organization is a critical component of our plan and we will continue to seek opportunities to run our business more efficiently in today’s environment. These cost controlled measures will be accomplished in a disciplined fashion when it maintains the customer experience for our guests. While cost management discipline is our principal tool of maximizing cash flow in today’s environment. We will also continue to invest in targeted opportunities to increase our cash flow where those opportunities exist in our businesses. For example, in our mass gaming and slot business and related CotaiJet Ferry Service in Macao. Turning to the second component of our plan the delivery of Singapore and Bethlehem developments on-time and on-budget, we are making steady progress and both developments are tracking according to plan. In Singapore, we continue to target late ’09 for opening of the Marina Bay Sands and are working with the Singapore tourism board to finalize our opening schedule. At Sands Bethlehem our development is progressing steadily toward a plant opening less than four months from today. We would hear some greater detail on our Singapore and Bethlehem developments from Brad and Mathew in a few moments. Finally, with respect to the third component of our plan, the sale of non-core assets, we are simultaneously moving forward with formal monetization processes for both The Four Seasons of par hotel Macao and our retail malls. The Grand Canal Shoppes and the Shoppes at Four Seasons in Macao. While we realize the market conditions for the sale of these assets are clearly less than ideal, the monetization of these assets are an important component of our plan. We will continue to pursue them in a disciplined fashion. Asset sales will allow us to reduce debt in Macao and to delever the company. Stephen Weaver, who is heading up the monetization process in Macao will provide a detailed update later in the call. Moving now to our fourth quarter operating results, I will give a brief overview and than turn it over to Rob to provide some color and perspective on our Las Vegas operation, and than on to Brad and his team to discuss our Macao operations. Overall, our properties continue to generate significant cash flow. People are continuing to visit our properties in great numbers, but are spending less per visit then they have historically. Now the implementation of our cost savings program and all of our properties is a crucial lever. We are utilizing to generate cash in this environment. We believe that both the quality of our assets and the differentiation of our operating strategies particularly our refocus on group business in Las Vegas at the mass gaming and non-gaming market segments in Macao will be important factors as we manage our business through these tough economic conditions. With that introduction, I will now turn the call over to Rob to discuss the Las Vegas operations and give us some more detail. Rob?
Rob Goldstein: Thanks Bill. Thank you very much. Despite the challenging environment in Las Vegas you referenced in your opening remarks, our Las Vegas operations delivered adjusted property EDITDAR $89.6 million in the fourth quarter. Last year in the fourth quarter we generated approximately $106 million in adjusted property EBITIDAR for the result last year affected table game hold of approximately 24.1% versus 19.9% in fourth quarter of 2008. Visitation of both properties remains healthy while occupancy across two properties is greater than 93% with the Palazzo Las Vegas reaching occupancy level of 96% and fourth quarter ADR of $217. The Palazzo, which just completed its one year anniversary of continued ramp has been very well received. The ADR in occupancy and healthy gaming volumes reflect is growing appeal. While we’ve enjoyed solid visitation in healthy hotel occupancies in both hotels, this demanding economic environment has resulted in decreases both ADR and revenue per visitor. Our strategy to maximize cash flow environment is to maintain higher levels of occupancy at both hotels, expand our room block for gaming customers, pursue additional group business in segments, and less impacted by this softening economy, and to aggressively manage our cost structure. Let me spend a moment on the group business. We have traditionally benefited from the strong foundation of financial group business, which has enabled us to enjoy higher midweek ADRs and benefited strong and profitable group related revenues. While we are not expecting group business to be as strong as it has been in the past. We do believe our group business pays some of insights such in the difficult conditions in other segments. We have more groups booked for the first quarter of ’09 than we had for the last year’s first-quarter for example. So this segment – while this segment faces challenges that are very much alive remains a critical component of our business strategy. We have been impacted by the recent headlines related to talk and the national headlines regarding Las Vegas business travel, hopefully inherent value in Las Vegas pricing, diversity of product, terrific access will prevail and enable Las Vegas to maintain its preeminent position as the leader in the group business, we are very confident that it will return to where it should be which is a value proposition, as well as a wonderful place to visit. Most groups that will cancel at 2009 have already done so. The cancellations we had experienced create opportunities for us however to target small groups that would not have been able to accommodate in the past, including groups we have not had the Las Vegas considered options for their events. In general larger groups that we are booking business today are booking further out in 2010, 2011. So, we are working to proactively sell any holes we have in ’09 with small groups and groups that are shorter booking window in a slower economy. Fourth quarter gaming volumes across our Las Vegas properties in Venetian Palazzo where up across the board. We have the best table game player in our history with $504 million of table game drop and we had $957 million handle in our stock machine. Each of those numbers reflects our larger asset base in Las Vegas. Table game business has held up well despite this economic environment and in January witnessed the encouraging trends especially in the Palazzo’s high-end amenities and luxury features together with the Venetian’s royal customer base, which proves a solid Chinese New Year’s performance with a very healthy gaming volumes. Our slot business in the fourth quarter of ‘08 experienced a 33% growth compared to the prior year and showed an upward trend about 2008, as we utilized our larger room inventory to target gaming customers segments, who have a validated propensity to gamble. Despite these positive trends in our business, we are every mindful of the challenging operating environment, which we live. In November, we announced our plans reduced our cost structure and since that time we recognized our program Las Vegas has records of $125 million in annualized cost savings. We will however continue to seek additional opportunities on cost cutting. Some of the most important initiatives, which we have created thus far, include labor efficiencies, which included almost 14.3% pay roll reduction. Reductions in marketing and advertising spend and implementation of a more streamlined procurement process. Our objective is to pursue these initiatives, while maintaining the overall qualities of the guest springs we provide our customers. So, in summary people are continuing our Las Vegas properties Venetian Palazzo for both business and leisure purposes. They are spending less per visit. We believe that our assets base with its luxury and approachable appeal offers a range of price points that appeal to both a broad strip of visitor budgets, as uniquely positioned to perform with resilience in the current economic environment. With that I will had it back to Bill, look forward to addressing your questions at the completion of the prepared remarks.
William Weidner: Thank you, Rob. I think what we can do now is turn directly to Brad Stone who is joining us from Macao, to discuss Macao operations themselves. Brad?
Brad Stone: Thank you, Bill. Let’s start with the Venetian Macao, which generated a $112.8 million of adjusted property EBIDTAR for the fourth quarter of ’08. Visitation of property have been strong with Venetian Macao enjoying its greatest visitation on record with over 6.7 million people visiting the property during the fourth quarter. That visitation drove a healthy mass play in occupancy, as well as record slot play and hotel revenues during that quarter. Our ferry service also carried more passengers in the fourth quarter than any previous quarter and again increased market shares of customers traveling from Hong Kong to Macao. Our convention and group business expanded from seasonally stronger fourth quarter period and accounted for over 100,000 visitors approximately 17% of the room they had sold. All these accomplishments occurred despite the visa restrictions, which are currently in place in the market and have limited to number of visits to Macao for Chinese citizen residing in certain market areas within the mainland China, including Macao’s neighboring Guangdong province. The three prolonged operating strategy for Venetian Macao that we implemented in 2008 will continue throughout 2009. The first initiative we talked about was to manage our VIP business. We expect Macao’s market, the overall VIP volumes to decline in 2009 after the unsustainable growth the market experienced in 2008. The Macao market is increasing competitive commission structure significantly reduced the profitability of this business for gaming concessionaires throughout the year of 2008. For the VIPs in the key business remains a contributor to our adjusted property EBITDAR, it is important to recognize that contributed only around 15% of adjusted property EBITDAR for the Venetian Macao in the fourth quarter. Given that back drop our principal objectives of this business are carefully managing the business and control that credit risk while developing more profitable direct play particularly from markets outside mainland China including Japan, Korea, Indonesia, Taiwan, and Singapore. During the fourth quarter our directed VIP play at the Venetian Macao grew 16.7% of our total rolling volume compared to just 6.9% in the fourth quarter of last year and 14.9% in the previous third quarter of this year. We have achieved this increase in direct play while maintaining our prudent approach of bringing credit to our VIP customer market. While this is a promising development and an increasing amount of rolling play related to cash flow contribution that EBITDAR margins are coming though direct relationship with customers throughout Asia and will be continue to be conserved and improved in the extension of credit particularly in this current economic environment. Rolling volume of Venetian during fourth quarter was $8.5 billion reflecting a generally softer environment for VIP play. As I mentioned the contributions in EBITDAR from the rolling volume was approximately 15% of the Venetian Macao’s EBITDAR of $113 million during the fourth quarter. That’s down from approximately 32% during the fourth quarter of 2007 when they made $118 million on EBITDAR. So, our ability to generate roughly a consistent level of EBITDAR on far or less rolling volume illustrates the increasingly diversified nature of our cash flows. Around 40% from non-gaming sources approximately 45% coming from non-table game business and slot business in the fourth quarter of ’08. The second initiative we talked about is regarding our mass and slot and business. Our CotaiJet ferry service is a key tool to support visitation to the property and direct correlation between increasing visitation and increasing slot plays and important development in the Macao markets maturation has integrated resource destination. The promotional offerings of CotaiJet, which were originally designed to build the awareness of the service are increasingly being targeted to casino customers. The service continues to drive traffic to the property. After increasing our frequency in sailing in July CotaiJet has grown its share ferry passengers arriving in Macao from Hong Kong to greater than 30%. To put that in perspective of the 2.5 million ferry visitors who have traveled from Hong Kong to Macao in fourth quarter in ’08 approximately 770,000 of these visitors arrived in Macao to put the Cotai Strip. That increased approximately arrival [ph] to the Venetian Macao and a Cotai Strip is one of the important contributors to our record slot play for the quarter, which was up over 55% when compared to the fourth quarter of 2007. The third initiative we talk about is to control that cost structure. Bill mentioned in his remarks that our programs are to target about a $125 million in annual savings across our Macao operations. This program is designed to reduce our operating like cost while preserving as many Macanese jobs as possible and maintaining a world-class customer experience for our guest. With our developments on five and six temporarily suspended, we are aligning or headcount with the current rather than the future needs of our business. In January, we reduced the normal work hours for dealer in Macao from 48 hours to 40 hours. This change allowed us to save approximately a 1,000 Macanese jobs, while at the same time reducing our headcount by about a 1,000 FTEs or roughly our payroll cost by 13%. In addition we reduced our overall headcount of Venetian and Sands by approximately 1,800 employees year-over-year through a combination of let offs, attritions, and transfers to the newly opened Four Seasons property. Other cost reductions include transportation programs, utilities, general operating costs, and many other combinations of initiatives. So, we think those three strategies controlling and managing the VIP business, growing the mass and slot business and petroleum cost contributed to the solid performance within reach in Macao during this quarter. Let me spend a moment on our other Cotai Strip property, The Four Seasons. This property generated approximately $5 million in adjusted property EBITDAR during the fourth quarter. We have clearly experienced a slow ramp of the property that we have liked. The property has however experienced a steady increase both in visitation and mass play in each month such as opening and awareness of the property is growing. The Four Seasons hotel has maintained a very healthy ADR of $332 during the fourth quarter. And Four Seasons management has now begun to promote the property to increase occupancy with various bundle packages as that includes spot treatments special events including entertainment packages featuring performance that surf this delay in events in our Cotai arena. In April, we opened two floors of VIP gaming and premiere on 29 pie dimensions. These exclusive suites are among the most luxurious in our portfolio and will have their own private gaming tables and will be marketed directly to VIP customers residing throughout the region. Simultaneous to (inaudible) sweet launch we will be formally branding the entire casino and will launch our research tested marketing campaign to introduce the completed property to have segmented the market we believe has underserved in the Macao market today. Design occupy a market niche to distinct from either rather of a Venetian Macao with Sands, we expect the Four Season Macao will revolve until ultra luxury destination for Asia’s aspiring wealthy NLE [ph] and appeal to a customer that prefers a destination where junk of play is not the center piece of the experience. We expect our market offering to appeal to not only residents of Hong Kong and Guangdong province, but the wealthy residence and major metropolitan areas throughout Asia, which plan a specifically target potential customers residing in Tokyo Osaka Taipei Shanghai Beijing Bangkok, Jakarta, Kuala Lumpur, and Singapore among many other seasons mainly in China and again throughout Asia. Let me spend a moment of the Sands Macao. The Sands delivered $52.3 million in adjusted property EBITDAR for the fourth quarter and rolling volume of $6.1 billion with up 4% compared to the quarter one year ago, while mass drop was down. The Sands does still however remain a leader in mass plan – Macao peninsula recording $593 million of mass drop during the quarter. Additional cost savings initiatives will further improve the Sands cost structure and we believe we can increase the properties cast flow generation capabilities as additional cost savings programs are executed. So, to summarize our Macao operations overall, we continue to focus on the three objectives of managing the VIP business to minimize risk and go direct VIP plan focus on utilizing our CotaiJet ferry service to drive mass and slot play particular at our CotaiJet Strip properties, and they continue to control our cost structure across the entire portfolios of properties here in Macao. I would also like to mention that we have attracted some key management talents to our operations in Macao with Len DeAngelo here with me today, assuming the role of Senior Vice President of Operations for Asia. Len has over 30 years of gaming industry experience including direct experience in managing multiple gaming properties and marketing to Asian-based customers. Len will be working closely with me as we manage our cost structures and enhance our cash flows here in Macao Let me turn to my other part of my job, the development and spend a moment or two on the ongoing developments of projects the Sands Bethlehem in Bethlehem Pennsylvania and Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. As bill mentioned previously on both of these projects our plan is to market these and open these on-time and on-budget as a clean component to our overall business plan as presented in November and we are firmly dedicated to the objective. Sands Bethlehem is targeted to open in late May or early June and our construction pre-open activities are accelerating to prepare that property for opening. We are actually beginning to install slots next week in the casino floor and are planning marketing activities to commemorate the opening in lat May. In Singapore Marina Bay Sands is clearly a challenging developed with Design elements that increase the complexity of the construction process there. Today we have completed more than 40% of the construction and greater than 90% of the construction costs have been contracted and are subject to firm pricing. Naturally a project of this scope and scale with some degree of uncertainly tie to level of complexity, but this time we remain comfortable with both the construction budget and timeline. We continue to redefine and refine our pre-opening and FF&E budgets, which represent less than 10% of the total cost of our development. We are cooperatively working with the Singapore tourism board towards a targeted opening in the December ’09, January 10 time frame. That’s basically the story on both developments. But Mathew Prior our Senior VP of construction here and I are both here on the teleconference on Macao, as we please letting answer any questions you may have about the construction process and opening timelines during the Q&A session. With that let me turn the floor over to Stephen Weaver our President of Asia, who is also here with me today on Macao to give you an update on our ongoing asset sales processes here in Macao. Stephen?
Stephen Weaver: Thanks Brad. As Bill mentioned at the outset, the successful monetization of non-core assets is the third component of our business plan. We know that success of these efforts is an important driver of liquidity and will enable us to execute on our deleveraging strategy. To that end we will shortly be marketing shares in a cooperative structure that will provide the holders of the shares the exclusive use of a unit in The Four Seasons apartment hotel in Macao. In addition we are presenting our two retail malls in Macao to prospective buyers. The Four Season share sides will be accomplished under the co-op structure we have previously announced and our ability to utilize this method has been resolved in principle. We expect in due course to receive any required further commission or approvals from the Macao government to proceed with the sale of shares. In terms of construction, The Four Seasons apartment tariffs will be completed in the third quarter of 2009 and I am pleased to report that the recent five on the construction side as you may seen reported in the press was small and well contained that no serious injuries occurred as a result of them and that the incidence did not materially impact our construction schedule. While it is clear that residential property process in the region have been negatively impacted by the weakness in the global economy. Our discussions with interested parties, particularly investors we have targeted from Japan and Korea have continued. What we have on offer is clearly unique. A one of a kind opportunity to own shares in an entity that will provide the holder of the shares to the exclusive right to the use of a Four Seasons apartment hotel unit on the Colti Strip. We are now beginning the process of converting expressions of interest to definitive share purchase agreements, which will require 10% of the price of the shares of the non-refundable deposit. Based on our feedback today it appears the terms of the share purchase contracts have been accepted in principle. While we are certainly encouraged by the continuing interest from high network buyers the real test will come over the next couple of months, as these players received definitive share purchase agreements. With respect to the monetization of our retail assets, the Grand Canal Shoppes at The Venetian Macao and the Shoppes at Four Seasons Macao, we've been pleased with a genuine interest from a number of series potential buyers. Even in the current economic climate, these buyers understand the value inherent in these types of assets. Well-capitalized companies that possess the financial strength and liquidity to complete strategic acquisitions recognize that these assets present a unique opportunity to gain retail exposure to a growth oriented destination with significant upside potential. Additionally, the opportunity to purchase assets of this type in Asia is exceedingly great. As (inaudible) more developers typically develop retail properties and prepayment for their own portfolios. We expect to benefit from the simple fact that premium malls in Asia are tightly held and rarely offered for sale. We expect to receive initial proposals from prospective buyers in the March to April timeframe. With that I will hand the call back to Bill.
William Weidner: Thank you, Stephen. Back here in Las Vegas we have attracted additional key management talent to our Corporate Office. Joining us on the call as I mentioned earlier this afternoon are our new CFO Ken Kay and our new General Counsel Al Gonzalez. Ken processes greater than 30-years of professional experience including having served as CFO in a number of Fortune 500 organization. Al Gonzalez traditionally brings more than 30 years of professional experience to Las Vegas Sands including General Counsel for Fortune 500 organizations. We look forward to their contribution. The next contribution certain is that from Kenneth Kay and he will be providing you with an update to our liquidity and capital resources. Ken?
Kenneth Kay: Thanks Bill. As of December 31, 2008, we had approximately $3.2 billion of cash and cash equivalents on the balance sheet. In addition, we had approximately $1.9 billion of availability of under our un-drawn credit facility at current exchange rates, principally through our Singapore credit facility. So, together we have approximately $5.1 billion of cash, cash equivalents and sources of liquidity. The uses for that $5.1 billion include approximately $2.5 billion of capital expenditures, pre-opening, and FF&E cost. So the projected opening dates of our Marina Bay Sands, Sands Bethlehem and Four Seasons Macao project and approximately $600 million for the suspension of sites 5 and 6 and the St. Regis condo tower. Total debt is $10.5 billion of which no significant maturities occur until May 2011 when approximately $700 million related to our Macao revolver comes due and then in May 2012 when our US revolver is due. In addition to not having near-term maturities on our outstanding debt the cost of borrowing is quite low with a current weighted average rate of approximately 3%, which reflects a healthy reduction from the weighted average annual rate of 6.1% and 7.5% in 2008 and 2007 respectively. So, it is important not to lose site of the advantages inherent in our debt. It is long dated and very narrow spreads and provides a flexibility to allocate cash to our various developments. With that I will turn the call back over to Bill.
William Weidner: Before we go to Q&A let me sum up and reiterate a couple of important points. We are singularly focused on successful execution of our business plan. That plan is fairly straight-forward. Our objectives include maximizing cash flow from current operations, delivering Bethlehem and Singapore on-time and on-budget and generating liquidity to the monetization of our non-core assets. While we cannot control the economic environment, we certainly can control our costs. Although the environment is difficult in both of our markets, we are generating significant cash flow from our properties. We also enjoy the competitive advantage of having both very high quality assets and differentiated operating strategies in both of our marketplace. Our assets have broad appeal across customer segments and now are refocused on the group business in Las Vegas and on the mass business in Macao live us less vulnerable to the weaknesses in the markets than many of our competitors. And as the economic and operating forms continue to weaken, we will seek to further reduce our cost and to implement additional contingency plans. We’re realistic about how difficult the coming year maybe that our management teams remains focus on a successful execution of our plans. And we are focused and dedicated to managing through these challenging economic conditions and on successfully de-levering to preserve the long-term value inherent and act on the successful execution of that plan. And with that, I will now open the conference call to your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question is from the line of Joe Gross with Wachovia.
Joe Gross – JP Morgan: It’s close. This is Joe Gross from JP Morgan. Hey guys.
Brad Stone: Okay so you exchanged jobs.
Joe Gross – JP Morgan: Hopefully, not again. Rob, you mentioned that the group nights for the first quarter look pretty good in Las Vegas. Can you go beyond the first quarter? How does the second, third, fourth quarter look?
Rob Goldstein: The first quarter looks pretty good year-on-year. Obviously, the economy has affected us. The most recent national headlines hasn’t helped, and we still see our group business to be a strong part overall – reports probably affected it but it’s not as – year-on-year will decline versus 2008 in the second and third quarter. I can’t speak the fourth quarter yet, hoping it will rebound. Second and third quarters are going to be more challenging than the first quarter was.
Joe Gross – JP Morgan: Okay. And then, Brad, you talked about Singapore clearly challenging. With different design elements, what is the most recent construction cost, all-in cost for Singapore?
Brad Stone: The construction cost is consists of what we’ve announced previously and it’s –
Stephen Weaver: $3.5 billion.
Brad Stone: $3.5 billion, of course, we actually paid for the job in Singapore dollars, so it moves around in terms of the Singapore dollars on exchange rates. But it’s consistent with what we’ve been saying all along. Matthew has done an excellent job in his team. And in terms of keeping that thing under control, and we have ebbs and flows. Some things come in, significantly under, and some are all right. The good news, I think, for us going forward is even what remains of that bit out, and Matthew you can comment on this as well, is stuff that is not commodity-based so you don’t have the commodity risk, and it’s also finishes in things like many contracts you can form. There are very few people who can build those towers. Probably, only two contractors in the world. So, if you have a limited marker, going forward, those things, which remain to be bit out are very broad in terms of markets that we can go to in terms of contractors.
Stephen Weaver: Yes, I mean, there’s a lot of fitting out. Obviously, a lot more – go to a lot of packages to buy out or fitting out. And there’s a lot of competition in those packages in the market. We’re seeing very competitive returns on bids to those packages.
Joe Gross – JP Morgan: Okay. And touching on your asset monetization strategy, can you talk about your desire, your willingness, and any discussions that you may have had in terms of looking to monetize sites five and six?
William Weidner: We haven’t really evaluated or thrown that into the basket of things to sell. Those are core assets. Ad we develop them, the non-core portions of those as it relates to mall, for example, and/or any kind of idioms [ph] would be spun off. That was the original plan. But right now, five and six remain as a stored value, I guess, you would say. And as markets recover, we look to then restart those operations. At a later date, we would then look to spin-off those non-core assets for our plan. But I would refocus, again, on the fact that ’09 is our focus, and that is our horizon, and ’09 is extraordinarily key. And so, we remain laser focused on ’09 and in the opening of Singapore. And that’s the – if five and six are something that is to say, it represents stored value down the line.
Joe Gross – JP Morgan: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Celeste Brown with Morgan Stanley.
Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley: Hi, guys. Good afternoon. First, could you tell us what your calculation is on your debt to EBITDA in both Vegas and Macao and the current covenant test for both credit?
William Weidner: One second.
Brad Stone: Do you want at the end of the year?
Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley: Yes.
Rob Goldstein: At year-end ‘08, right?
Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley: Yes.
Brad Stone: Well, the covenant is around 7.5; for privates were about 6.9.
Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley: In Las Vegas?
Brad Stone: Yes.
Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley: The covenant is 7.5 and you said you had 6.9?
Brad Stone: Ben? Ben has the number here in Macao.
Ben Toh: Yes. For Macao, based on the loan percentage is 4.5 and we are chipping around 4.
Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then, also a question relating to Macao, did you take any reserves for bad debt in the quarter?
Kenneth Kay: Yes, we did. We went through our reserves and really even at the last minute, we added some reserves. Total reserve was about $10 million for the quarter.
Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley: $10 million more than normal or –?
Kenneth Kay: $10 million. I mean, we’re just ramping up our credit right now as we speak and $10 million was by far, the highest we’ve done so far. It’s starting to reflect the volumes that we’re seeing here, particularly in the directed play.
Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks. And, sorry, just to come back to the covenant in the US. Does that include all of the cash at the parent, at 6.9 times?
Brad Stone: It doesn’t include all of the cash. It includes some of it. What we contributed down at December 31 for the net debt test.
Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley: Okay. But if needed, could you contribute more cash down?
Brad Stone: Yes.
Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: Hi. A couple of things. One, could you just talk about, Steve, when mentioned on his call that he was going to try and move prices up a little bit in February. I know it’s obviously early, it’s only been a few weeks, but maybe you could just give us a state of how things are going in January and February? I think that would just be helpful. And also, your cost saves of the $250 million or so, how much of that occurred in the fourth quarter and that’s the run rate, but how should we think about it ramping up throughout the year?
Brad Stone: Yes, Ken, let me address the cost save. With regard to the $250 million, in 2008, we realized about $100 million of that.
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: In run rate count at the end of fourth quarter.
Brad Stone: That’s would be actually realized.
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: Actual realized, okay.
Brad Stone: And of that $100 million, about $45 million of that would’ve been realized in the fourth quarter. So, if you annualize that $45 million, you get to about $180 million of the $250 million that have been identified and executed on, with about $70 million more to go to get to the $250 million. And of that $70 million more, I would say more than two-thirds of that has probably been identified and will be implemented in the next couple of months, with the balance remaining over the rest of the quarter. And so, that would take you to about $150 million of additional realized savings for 2009, over and above what we had realized in 2008, that $100 million to get to the full $250 million.
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: And maybe, just staying on that for a second, other companies have come up with cost savings program, and then even one quarter later, they found more cost saves. It sounds like you’re going down that path, but you’ve been at, at you said, you’ve had experienced it for 30 years, is that you’ve only been there few months, but are you starting to see that? Do you start to see even more than what we’re talking about today?
Kenneth Kay: Well, we’re working as a team on this. It’s not just my efforts over a couple of month period of time and collectively, as a team, we’re very focused in our cost reduction as a whole so our efforts in that regards will continue. And as we make more progress on that in the coming months, we will update you on that.
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: And then, Bill or Brad, could just give us a sense for what you’re seeing just the past month and a half or so.
Brad Stone: Well, in Macao, we look at Chinese New Year and we’re down slightly on a year-to-year basis in terms of volumes, so we’re seeing a fairly steady business here. The group business is going to be very challenging in Macao this year, so we’re continuing to look at our resource such as our rooms and putting them into, similarly what we’re doing in Vegas, supplying more rooms again for the gaming market to drive gaming revenues. I will also be going to the wholesale market as well. You know, it would be interesting to see post-Chinese New Year, and how things progress. I mean, we can see a very short term on the hotel side, so the visibility is going to really be dependent upon really what happens on the next couple of months. But I think the important point for our properties is, one, we see the ability to ramp-up of the Four Seasons property and we think that property will ramp-up very well over the next several quarters as we launch the marketing initiatives against that. At the Venetian, we remained somewhat insulated, certainly, from the VIP business and that business, right now, is very competitive. I think there’s going to be significant liquidity issues over here in Asia with the junket reps, that’s why we talk about going after directive play and still being cautious in terms of credit issuance, because there will be less money available, we believe, in the marketplace for that particular customer. So we’re going to try and manage our way as best we can, as we always have, against that lower margin segment of our business. Fortunately, both the Sands, in terms of its location advantage and certainly Venetian, in terms of the type of asset it is, at least has the mass market, and we see some really, obviously, good growth on our slots side of the business and some reasonable stabilization on the mass side. So we’re going to count on our core businesses, the mass play, the basic hotel product and other ad player revenue centers such as retail to inflate us from the very challenging competitive environment on the VIP, and a lot is just going to depend on whether visitations stays up here in Macao and how the economy gets affected here. That’s why I say Macao.
Stephen Weaver: Brad, it’s probably also with, maybe worth mentioning that –
Brad Stone: Good, Stephen is here.
Stephen Weaver: Maybe worth mentioning that the ideas and restrictions here in Macao restrict the travel for individual visitors. And what we’ve seen is that there is an increase in group visitation, people coming on tours, and based on our growth in visitation over the Chinese New Year period as compared to visitation being down from mainland China, generally, and to Macao. It seems that we’re benefiting more than others from that growth into group visitation, and we continue to enjoy strong visitation at the Venetian, obviously, still impacted as Bill mentioned earlier by smaller spin per visitor.
Brad Stone: Our visitation numbers that I think we have there, as for the Sands and the Venetian are up about 15% year-over-year for what we consider the Chinese – we actually did announced that 14 days before Chinese New Year, 40 days after, year-over-year and our visitations grew up 15% during those time periods.
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. And then, any color on Las Vegas, Bill?
Rob Goldstein: Steve, it’s Rob Goldstein, I don’t know. I didn’t here the comment on what you said that the Windsor said they’ll raise prices, I didn’t hear the comment.
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: Yes, I mean, I send to receive Windsor that he was going to try to push rate a little bit higher.
Rob Goldstein: When? I didn’t know that. First, we welcome any rate increases by anybody of our neighbors because they’ve been – in the offers or – you will read the offers as you see the marketplace, I think the only segment there is opportunity to raise prices right now from our perspective would be in the group segment, because that’s still – it’s opportunistic, relative to the FIT wholesale. The problem is would be raising prices will – in the FIT wholesale, it’s truly a competitive market right now, and I welcome any of our neighbors to raise prices. I don’t see it happening. And if – until this does happen as a segment, it can’t happen with individual property. So, right now, our opportunity in this first quarter in the group segment to raise or to better pricing, relative to other segments. The FIT wholesale market is extremely competitive in Las Vegas right now.
Steven Kent – Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Larry Klatzkin with Jeffries.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Hey, guys. A couple of question, one, Steve for the co-op sales, what price per foot are you targeting? Can you give us that?
Stephen Weaver: We’re still on the expressions of interest that we’ve received North of 1,700 US a foot.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Really? Okay. Is it true that one essential has had some falling impression?
Stephen Weaver: Based on reports and certainly our intelligence in the market, ordinary residential product is very soft and so this, and I think as I mentioned earlier, there is definitely softness in the market. I think what we are seeing is that in the target group that we’re addressing here, primarily, almost exclusively Japanese and Korean, they’re seeing our product as being a completely unique offering and I don’t think they’re comparing it to any other normal residential first time product.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: All right, that’s it. That’s a great place. Brad, the property budget, can you tell me the budget for what you’re coming in for in Bethlehem and what the timing of that would be, and maybe also just timing of CapEx, Ken, for maybe first quarter versus the rest of the year?
Brad Stone: Well, the primary cost in Bethlehem is about $750 million, I believe right now. I don’t have that number in front of me, but downscale from the roughly $900 million, and that’s the deferral of the hotel product and the retail product in Bethlehem. And that product, again, is – we have reserved dates with the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board for the – around the 22, 23 of May to tell them our properties, so that’s our goal to get that property open at that point in time.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: And then, how about CapEx for first quarter’s spending on everything versus the rest of the year?
Brad Stone: Ken, you have that number there?
Kenneth Kay: First quarter is approximately $750 million.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Okay. And the full-year CapEx, did you have a number like that or is it just too early to give us something for that?
Brad Stone: Yes, it’s still a little bit early on that. We’re still working through the balance of the year.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: All right, all right. And then, as far as – I guess, the best thing to say is give up on the commission caps or is that not a dead issue, Bill?
William Weidner: It’s not a dead issue. We’re operating as if it is, but we’re told that there’s legislations are moving through the (inaudible), so we’re expecting the worst, hoping for the best and operating as if it’s not going to change.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Okay. And then, the one issue, the way that the Congress is going with comments about Vegas boondoggle and stuff like that, is there something that they’d be assuming that? I know I’ve seen more than just you guys. I know some of the win Executives made a comment this morning, but anything about trying to point out that the Vegas is a cheap place to go and try to get that fending people to Vegas, as a way to save money and not a way to do a boondoggle?
Brad Stone: I think that Larry draw it – well, you’ve – comment were right on this morning. He’s right. This place is a wonderful opportunity if it’s priced effectively. It’s still your position in Las Vegas a boondoggle since it’s a preeminent meeting placed in the country today for business. It’s an unfortunate to state people make that comment. I think that we’re – the industry to get together in this, especially, among different properties and different hotels about doing just that had a unified response. Because, clearly, it’s just not reality and it’s one of the places to do business as it has been. And we will – we second – though in the end you said, I think, it’s obvious that this is going to be a lead leader in the future in business, and we will deal with it as industry.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Alright.
William Weidner: Plenty of communication with how we read on this part of the country we’re talking about. Let’s try to help rather than hurt your home country here.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Okay, that’s good. Guys, could you just get over the option grants that came out yesterday? I assume that – it means, looking at a happy team who’s going to be staying for some long period of time?
William Weidner:
-:
Larry Klatzkin: Good, nice. It’s all we can ask for. And, I guess, Ken, the covenant in 7.5 times, how does that ramp for the year? Does that ramp down throughout the year?
Jefferies: Good, nice. It’s all we can ask for. And, I guess, Ken, the covenant in 7.5 times, how does that ramp for the year? Does that ramp down throughout the year?
Kenneth Kay: Yes. The first quarter goes to seven, stayed that way through the second quarter, then ramped to 6.5 in Q3 and stayed that way throughout the year.
Rob Goldstein: 50 BPs in each market, Larry, every six months.
Larry Klatzkin: Okay, okay. So, the same for the – the Macao goes to 3.5 by the end of the year?
Jefferies: Okay, okay. So, the same for the – the Macao goes to 3.5 by the end of the year?
Rob Goldstein: Yes.
Larry Klatzkin: Okay. Alright. And then for the September covenant, you anticipate, obviously, if you’re selling asset, there’s all this – it’s no problem at all, but any other ways to shore that up? Would you buy bonds at a discount to book some additional EBITDA to help that?
Jefferies: Okay. Alright. And then for the September covenant, you anticipate, obviously, if you’re selling asset, there’s all this – it’s no problem at all, but any other ways to shore that up? Would you buy bonds at a discount to book some additional EBITDA to help that?
William Weidner: Most assuredly, all of those possibilities are on the table and we’ve had in-depth discussions, and I call it in the process of trying to make wave for those possibilities.
Larry Klatzkin: Alright. Well, thank you, guys.
Jefferies: Alright. Well, thank you, guys.
William Weidner: Okay, Larry.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley – UBS: Great, thanks. I wanted to clarify a couple of things. On the last call, you talked about the cost of suspending sites five and six, being $880 million spread between starting in Q4 of last year going through Q2 of 2010. I was wondering you could clarify, I guess, is the suspension, is it still temporary at this point or are you considering it as indefinite suspension? And then, if so, how much of that $880 million have you spent and how much more is there to go? And if the $880 million go up if, in fact, it’s now on an indefinite suspension.
Kenneth Kay: Well, the $880 million we talked about was for the worst case scenario called the termination. The way our contracts work over here, we had six months to go through a suspension, see if financial markets change, etc. Obviously, we’re about three months into that suspension and there’s a likelihood that they’ll either go with termination or negotiate additional suspension periods with their contractors, but the $880 million was a worst case scenario. It’s our belief now, Matthew and I met this week, that we can probably do better than that $880 million under a worst case scenario and the money in that worst case scenario goes out for a fairly long period time beyond what I would consider advent horizon related to some of the challenges we have from a liquidity right now. So, summation is we’re moving towards, at least, hitting that point where we have to determine the termination or additional suspension. The $880 million that we talked about was worse case. We think we’re going to do reasonably better than that. The amount spent to date is probably, I’m going to guess, in the range of –
Rob Goldstein: $350 million.
Kenneth Kay: $350 million of that. Again, a large of that $880 million that we spent initially was just current payables, paying for work that was already put in place. So, we’re mindful of that being an opportunity to manage through, creating additional liquidity in less strain, and I guess at this point in time, it’s our belief that we’ll – under our worst case scenario, we’ll do better by a reasonable amount than that $880 million.
Robin Farley – UBS: Okay, great. And then on the ferry service, it looks like that’s been very beneficial to the Venetian Macao property and it looks like a loss of $4 million in the quarter, I guess, just to get a sense of the real full expense there, that $4 million loss in the quarter? I’m assuming that some percent or a large percent of the tickets are comp in one form or another. Does that expense of a comp ticket actually show up at the property operating expense rather than at the ferry service level?
Brad Stone: Yes, the ferry service, we charge – it’s in a different company and we charge those cost back to the properties. There’s an allocation process. Although the cost is somewhat discounted from the face value retail cost, so the properties get charged for the usage on a discounted basis and the ferry company subsidiary receives a revenue on that discounted basis.
Stephen Weaver: The discount that Brad talks about, really, we charge the casino business a fare that is at or slightly above the fare we sell wholesale tickets to have a license, for example, so it’s a market-driven process, I’d say. The other, I guess, important notes on the ferry is that we’re ramping up the frequency of service and getting high utilization over their ferries, and we expect, with City of Dreams coming on the stream at the middle of the year, that there will be more tickets sold as more visitors choose the Cotai Strip as their primary destination here. We’re also benefited by lower fuel costs, so our run rate costs are actually reducing in that business.
Brad Stone: No future hedges?
Stephen Weaver: No hedges.
Robin Farley – UBS: And actually, can you just give us a ballpark then of what amount is charged to the property for – in view of the last quarter, what was charged in the property for ferry tickets?
Brad Stone: Yes, we can give you that.
Kenneth Kay: Okay.
Brad Stone: We actually have that number some place here, Robin.
Robin Farley – UBS: Okay, great. (inaudible)
Brad Stone: What does it say?
Rob Goldstein: About $12 million.
Brad Stone: About $12 million.
Robin Farley – UBS: Okay, great. And then the last question is there may be more progress than Bill [ph] came up that closed at the start of the call, but it looked like there was a charge of about $38 million related to marketing activities in Asia, some kind of a write-down for a marketing activity in Asia. Can you just put a little more color on what that was?
Ed Feiner: Really, the write-down of investments that we’ve made within Asia that were geared towards additional business development activities, and so we decided just the end of the year to really take the valuation reserved against those investments.
Robin Farley – UBS: I’m sorry, Ed, your response was just cutting out a bit there. It was difficult to hear.
Ed Feiner: What I’m saying is we had made certain investments with regard to business development activities within Asia, and then at the end of the year, in assessing those, we decided taking a valuation reserve against those investments that were primarily geared towards business development activities.
William Weidner: For example, Hengqin Island is one example of that.
Robin Farley – UBS: Okay. Is most of that $38 million mentioned, is that the biggest piece of that or was it closing marketing or (inaudible)?
William Weidner: It’s a purchase of a building that was going to be one of our development activities in Beijing. Beijing shop property market is down, so it took a charge against the resale of that; our decision to dispose of that asset, for example.
Robin Farley – UBS: All right, great. Thank you.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from the line of Celeste Brown with Morgan Stanley.
Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley: Hi, guys. Sorry, let me take the mike. Is that better? Sorry to be the dead horse, but coming back to the US covenants, first, did you use another cure in the fourth quarter?
Brad Stone: No. Celeste, we didn’t use the cure in the fourth quarter. We’d only use that in the third and we have been clearly about our intention to use the cure every other quarter, so that we’ll have $100 million of incremental EBITDA for the calculation. And just to clarify, at the fourth quarter, with out the cure, we had $431 million of calculated run rate EBITDA for the tax. With another $50 million from the cure in the third quarter, that gets you up to $481 million of EBITDA run rate for the fourth quarter in the United States and we did contribute down about $2.2 billion of cash. So, of the $3.1 billion or around $3 billion in cash that we’ve done on the balance sheet, we did have $2.2 billion of that down for the calculation at the fourth quarter.
Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Brad Stone: And if you run through all those numbers, you’ll get to a 6.2 cash versus a 7.5 or 6.2 performance to get the 7.5 net.
Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley: Not the 6.9?
William Weidner: I went back and looked through it. It’s 6.2. I was using a 6.9, it was before some of the cash have been pushed down, so I think 6.2 are more accurate.
Celeste Brown – Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thank you so much for clarifying that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bill Lerner with Deutsche Bank.
Bill Lerner – Deutsche Bank: Thanks, guys. Hey, I just have one question. Larry asked all 16 of my back-up questions, so just one follow up really on the – just kidding, Larry. To follow up on Celeste’s covenant questions, so obviously, it’s the way up in the room, and with cash flow declining in Vegas, no visibility or not much visibility, and tightening covenants going forward. When you use the cure, when you contribute Pennsylvania, obviously, there’s still, I think, going to be some risk that you’ll reach this calendar year. So, I mean, can you guys color in the source of some of the ammunition that you have beyond the cure and contribute in Pennsylvania? I mean, you talked about the sale of an asset in Macao and we understand that you only bring back 25% of the proceeds of that to pay US debt, so if you could a little bit about that, then maybe there’s a covenant relief to some degree as an option, if it is? Maybe, there’s an opportunity, although I hope not, to raise capital going forward. And I don’t know if Sheldon’s on the line, you may want to contribute to this.
William Weidner: Well, first of all, we run a bunch of our models and a bunch of our downside cases and looked at operating performance and are seeking other ways of reducing cost available to them, create and development covenants. Yes, if we sell assets in Macao, depending upon the category of assets, 75% of those go to pay down Macao debt; 25% of those would then pay it back that parent has to Macao. So, in essence, all of that de-levers Macao a little, although some of it goes back to parent by de-levering Macao. It also opens some baskets, so there are other advantages, shall we say, to the lowering of debt there in Macao, so it’s not simply the 25%. It just also creates some flexibility for us also. But there are other asset classes there in Macao to explore. So we’re exploring our every opportunity and option for creating liquidity and focusing further on reduction of costs here. Again, we’re mindful of the squeeze as the step-down takes place and mindful of what’s required here in terms of the multiples as it relates to our covenants.
Bill Lerner – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Is Sheldon on the line as well?
William Weidner: No, he was in and out. He was on earlier. He may have dropped off at this point.
Bill Lerner – Deutsche Bank: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the allotted time period for questions. Mr. Weidner, do you have any closing remarks?
William Weidner: Just some quick closing remarks. I mean, again, we appreciate the exchange and we appreciate the questions. There is no doubt that we know exactly what it is we have to do and we’re focused on doing that. We’re not that naïve about the environment that we’re in. We recognize what it means to us and what it means to the company and what it is that we have to do. And all of us are focused that whether it be in Macao or here in Las Vegas on what has to be done and we’re dedicated to doing it. And with that we appreciate your attention on the call and look forward to the next quarters call and update you on the progress and several things that were laid out to you today. Thanks again and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call, you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Bill Weidner - President and COO Rob Goldstein - SVP Brad Stone - SVP Sheldon Adelson - Chairman and CEO Scott Henry - SVP of Finance
Analysts: Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley Joseph Greff - JPMorgan Robin Farley - UBS Robert Vermillion - Axial Capital
Operator: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Tina and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corporation third quarter 2008 earnings conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference to Mr. Bill Weidner, President and COO of Las Vegas Sands Corporation. Please go ahead sir.
Bill Weidner: Thank you, Tina. And good afternoon or good evening wherever it might be. I apologize for our delay in this afternoon's conference call, but there are several things coming together here at the last moment, and I wanted to make sure that we had filed the Q. And the press release is actually on its way. It will be there momentarily. I have confirmation that it's in the pipeline. But before I begin with what will be something of a longer conference call today because there's a lot of material to cover. I want to make sure that we're talking as it relates to forward-looking statements. Statements in this presentation that are not reported financial results or other historical information are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. They include for example, statements about our business outlook, assessment of market conditions, strategies, future plans, future sales, price assumptions or offerings at our facilities, leverage and debt service, capital spending, and tax rates. These forward-looking are not guarantees of future performance. They are based on management's expectations, and involve a number of business risks and uncertainties, any of which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statement. The risks and uncertainties relating to the forward-looking statements in this presentation include those described under the caption, risk factors, in Las Vegas Sands Corp's public filings and the Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements contained in this presentation speak only as of today's date. Las Vegas Sands Corporation assumes no obligation to update this information. Well, today will be kind of an interesting conference call. It'll be slightly different from our others, and probably a bit more detailed. And we'll be looking at some forecasts here as part of our process. Our process, as we announced to the marketplace, we engaged Goldman Sachs in a capital raising transaction. We launched a transaction that looked to raise approximately $2 billion of new money. I'm pleased to say that we have commitments to raise about $2.144 billion of new money, including the over allotment, and that the transaction was oversubscribed. We are now in the midst of final pricing and expect to file a prospectus supplement either today or tomorrow. The Adelson family will be participating in this capital raise. The details will be in those prospectus and the supplement and any future press releases that will happen over the ensuing days. We expect to close this transaction by the end of the week. Our press release details a lot of information about the quarter overall. Some information will be contained in our presentation as we make it today, but what I want to try to do is try to give you an understanding of the changes to our plans, the capital raise and how it relates to those changes to our plans, and try to give you a full perspective of what we've been talking to investors about over approximately four days. We have revised the company's business plan in order to, as we call it, right size our global development project pipeline. We are prioritizing our capital expenditures and I'll go over four projects and their stats. First, the Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. Our intention is to complete the full project according to the original plan. It is a very important project for us. It's a terrific return on marginal invested capital. It's probably the most important project for the company, and this plan fully funds the development of the Marina Bay Sands. Second project I want to talk about is Sands Bethworks in Pennsylvania where we will modify our construction process here in order to complete the parking garage, the casino, and the support facilities for that casino. Other parts of the project will follow on as market conditions and as cash flow allow. We are also suspending temporarily our site five and six project in Macao. And we are pursuing a project financing with a major Chinese bank. We would intend to restart that process or that project as we secure the financing on a project basis there in Macao on sites five and six. We have slowed or indefinitely suspended our St. Regis condo tower here in Las Vegas. We are completing the podium of that building. The podium contains another mega club that's similar to TAO and LAVO that will be developed as part of the first portion of the project. Once, again, the tower will be indefinitely suspended. If market conditions change, then there is a condominium market, and things like that, we can revisit it, but for now, we're indefinitely suspending that. As I mentioned, we will continue to pursue project level financing for five and six, and Asia. And we would hope to close a transaction with a major Chinese in the next three to six months. The company will pursue opportunities in terms of non-core asset monetization and de-leveraging. Based on this plan, we will have built and operated, as we're operating now in Macao, approximately 1.2 million to 1.3 million square feet of mall space that is currently generating cash out of its rent rolls. And this project will finance the building of approximately 700,000 square feet of mall space in Singapore that will be completed somewhere late '09 or early '10. So, the plan itself to go over those four projects, Marina Bay Sands, Sands Bethworks, sites five and six, and in Macao for the St. Regis Tower will reduce capital expenditures on development plans for almost $1.8 billion over the cycle here. With that, I would like to turn to the third quarter's earnings updates and I'm going to turn it over, first of all to Rob Goldstein to talk about our Las Vegas results. And then Brad will then follow-up with our results in Macao. Rob?
Rob Goldstein: Thank you, Bill. Las Vegas, Venetian and Palazzo combined third quarter was roughly $73 million. The big miss in Las Vegas related to whole percentage and table games of (inaudible) is about 13% on $480 million in drop and about 78 points beneath our expected range, which cost back $35 million or $40 million of revenue. Our slot handle was at $930.6 million, 6% or roughly 58.3 in slot handle. And our occupancy of both hotels was 93% at 218 ADR, RevPAR of 202. The challenge in Las Vegas continues to be not filling the rooms, but getting the right rate for the rooms. We are continuing to fight rate decline here in Las Vegas across the entire marketplace due to the economy and due to a decline in some of the more important segments. Those of you, who follow the company, know we've had great success in the past with convention and group segment. It has been beaten up a bit by the difficult economy. We have been successful in keeping our occupancies strong. We feel we can stay in the mid-90s, the question is can we drive the rate to the levels you want to get to? In the third quarter's a combination of pressures on the FIT wholesale segment, as well as pressure on the group segment and lack of group segment cancellation. On a go forward basis, Palazzo's ramping up and doing very well. It appears to be growing in the marketplace considerably. It is experiencing strong table games demand and growing our slot win as well. And we believe these two products combined are a very potent force in the marketplace. And they grow, as time goes on here in Las Vegas, we offer 7,000 plus hotel rooms and 10,000 restaurant seats in the Canyon Ranch Spa and major night clubs, and restaurants, and retail, etcetera. So, we think we are a very competitive product even in these difficult times. But again, the pressures in Las Vegas relate not to filling the hotel, but rather to issues relating to ADR. As you look forward to October, October we achieved once again $36 million of EBITDA cumulatively, both properties. Rate was $224 at 96% versus $297 last year in the same time, so obviously drop in ADR. We won $38 million in tables, held 25%. Our slots paid over $18 million and our banquets held up well. So, October, despite what is a very difficult economic environment, obviously in this country and others, we think our October numbers were reasonable in light of what happened in the world economy. November again is trading up pretty well. We're in the mid-90s thus far. We feel our business is staying firm. The biggest challenge in Las Vegas for all competitors and all operators in Las Vegas will continue to be rate. We think we'll do fine in occupancy. We think our table and slot win hold win hold up relatively well. And I think we can continue to grow those numbers. The issue for this hotel will be keeping our rates as high as we can get them. And that is the pressure on our numbers thus far.
Bill Weidner: Thanks, Rob. Brad, you want to pick up and talk about Macao?
Brad Stone: Sure. Let's talk about Macao and obviously there's a lot of questions on Macao and the effect of the fees restrictions that were put on the individual visitation scheme. And really we have two different stories in Macao between the Sands property and the Venetian. We turn first to the Sands. We did $43 million of EBITDA in the third quarter. We were affected by about a little over 0.5% miss in our Rolling Chip program hold percentage. We calculate that cost us about $13 million, so more normalized EBITDA for that property would have been $56 million. What we're seeing at the Sands is continued challenge as competition comes onboard there. These restrictions hurt the Sands property more than the Venetian property and I think that's evidenced by what's happening with our volumes. Our Rolling volume is actually healthy. It increased from $6.3 billion last year to $7.3 billion this year. So, the volume was actually up nicely in that business. However, our Non-Rolling business, the higher margin business went from $812 million down to $652 million, so, about a 25% drop in terms of that business. So, we do see our challenges in terms of the revenues are staying up there, just the mix of revenues are not favorable to our EBITDA line. On the commission side, the rolling program, the commissions remain flat on a year-to-year basis. At the Sands, our challenges are to take that property and continue to reposition it, utilizing the assets we put in place in the latter part of last year, particularly the hotel, the club and other amenities and at the same time, as we've talked about on previous conference calls, we are in the process of initiating cost saving measures at both the Sands and the Venetian property and Macao, and we've accelerated those and are seeking to drive even higher cost savings than the $60 million or $70 million we have talked about on our previous calls. The Venetian Macao came in at $136 million of EBITDA, little bit of a different story there. Some very good operating metrics at that property, and I think if we were to talk about first visitation, a visitation in the third quarter averaged a record 72,000 people per day. That's up from about 56,000 in the second quarter. Ferry occupancy, as you know we started our ferry operations at the beginning of the year, they have been ramping up. In the third quarter, we were able to start running a half hour schedule. That added capacity and also at the same time made our service more competitive and we ran 60% in the third quarter. In October, we actually ran just under 65% and moved 502,000 passengers on our ferries during the month of October. After the first of the year, we will be adding more ferry capacity and moving to a 15 minute scheduled frequency that matches that of our competitors, the turbo jet operation. This is important for us for two standpoints. One, we will get added capacity, particularly during those peak periods, which we could sell several times over. At the same time, we will get a frequency that makes our service more competitive in terms of schedule, and schedules very important to the customer over there. As far as the individual businesses go within the Venetian, the Rolling Chip volume, I am going to talk now quarter-to-quarter because the comparison to the third quarter of last year, really don't make any sense. So, rather than talk about year-over-year, we will talk quarter-to-quarter. We were at $9.9 million of Rolling drop in the second quarter of this year, $9.8 million this year, so virtually flat. We set a record in the third quarter on our Non-Rolling business. We actually did $931 million of drop in the Non-Rolling program. That's the highest we have seen to-date, $50 million some over the first quarter, which is our next highest quarter, nice jump over the $852 million last year and our hold percentage on the both businesses were within our expected range. Our Rolling business, as I said they flat. Our commissions were approximately the same quarter-over-quarter. We didn't see any increase in commission's pressure as far as that goes. Handle, we came in at $550 million in slot handle. Again a record for us as we take the passenger counts and we take the visitation and translate that into, both into volume at the gaming floor. That was up from 23% from the prior quarter of $447 million. So, a nice growth there and a 18% increase in our win in that area. We also achieved record hotel occupancy in the third quarter, 92%. That's up from 80% in the second quarter. We are using a lot of those rooms promotionally. We are taking advantage, in fact we have a unique product, and rather than having the rooms go empty, we have up reached our the amount of rooms that we put out into the casino. And it's translated again into win again with $211 average rate. Group business was down as one would expect in the summer time period, but again we are pleased with the move so that the ability to drive the 92% occupancy. One thing I would note, quarter-over-quarter is we were down slightly in EBITDA from the previous quarter despite increased revenues. We had two things that affected us in the third quarter. First of all was a hit of roughly $8.5 million on the entertainment side. We had a major event; we sponsored the US Basketball Team for the Beijing Olympics. It was a long-term positioner for us and that cost us $3 million incremental cost and loss in the quarter in what we call the arena area. And also we started up the Cirque du Soleil show in the July timeframe and during that period, which was the rehearsal type shows, the preview type shows, we weren't able to drive the visitation to that show. Again we incurred costs that we weren't able to classify as pre-opening. So, we lost money there as well. So, about an $8 million, $8.3 million loss in the entertainment side. Additionally we started charging ourselves a different accounting methodology on the ferries, and we actually increased the cost of the ferries and our marketing costs about $8 million quarter-over-quarter. So, about $16 million roughly in adjustment quarter-over-quarter of expenses, we didn't occur in the second quarter of '08. At the Venetian itself, I think the thing we need to recognize there are two things. One, the same cost cutting we talked about in that they were taken place at the Sands is also taking place at the Venetian. As we take that property and mature it and learn more about the market and learn how to be more efficient in operating the hotel and the casino and that immense property, which of course is unique in all of Asia. So, that is going on. And additionally, I think in terms of the IVS scheme, I think we should state that we did a study at Macao University, and roughly 58% of the people on the casino floors in Macao in general are come out of the Mainland China. We said in the beginning that one of the strategies around the Cotai strip was to broaden the markets and appeal to more of an international visitor. And I think we have started to achieve that, I mean the occupancy on the (inaudible) per the same study was about 31%. We are much more dependent on Hong Kong and Taiwan and other international destinations than a majority of the operators, including our own Sands in Macao because of our hotel product and the size of that product, and the retail, et cetera, and the event setters. So, we are a bit insulated. While, certainly the Venetian was affected, and again, I think if you look quarter-to-quarter, performance would have been better had we not had to face the visa restrictions in the third quarter of '08. But, again, I think the good news is that the Venetian is more insulated than most in terms of its dependency on the Mainland customer, and thus the changes in the IBS visitation scheme.
Bill Weidner: Right, you mentioned the IBS scheme, and its effect on the third quarter. You mentioned that the ferries ran a little over 60% in the third quarter. How about October?
Brad Stone: I mentioned that we were in about 65% occupancy and 502,000 passengers in the month of October. And again, we're seeing that business continue to ramp. What's amazing about that is, we also have a situation where the visa that was both a Hong Kong, Macao visa has temporarily been eliminated, and now you have to get a direct visa to both. So, it's kind of bucking the trend in terms of what you would expect based upon the visa restrictions.
Bill Weidner: Based on my math, we're up about 15.4% in passengers in October over the average for third quarter. Thanks Brad. Rob, you had a couple of other comments. Pardon me.
Rob Goldstein: I apologize. We should mention here in Las Vegas we have an extensive cost cutting program underway. Starting in the third quarter of '08, our cumulative target is $100 million of reductions, and they range from things like FTE reductions that started quite a while back, programs, policies, procedures. And again, the cumulative result will end up in the second quarter of '09; will be about $100 million of cost savings. We think will insulate us if there's continued downturn on the revenue side, we still got a guarantee we can hit our projections on the EBITDA targets for '09.
Bill Weidner: When we talked to investors, Rob, we usually don't talk about forward-looking things and don't make forecasts. But in the interest of making sure we're broadly disseminating, we talked a bit about October and November, some of the metrics there.
Rob Goldstein: Right.
Bill Weidner: Would you bring us up-to-date on that?
Rob Goldstein: Yes, I think, we actually referenced them earlier. October was a good month I think relatively speaking of $36 million EBITDA, and ADR $224. Again, the issue was just the downturn in ADR versus October '07. Table drop held up pretty well, and we ended about $38 million, and slots at $18 million which is a nice growth year-to-year. Our banquet business held up well. And I think October, November indicates that with cost cutting, et cetera, the challenges will be the ADR, but perhaps, we can buffer that with our cost cutting programs.
Bill Weidner: Sorry fellows. I'm kind of rolling forward here. This is a catcher's catch.
Rob Goldstein: Well, who didn't catch it that was a repeat one.
Bill Weidner:  Sorry about that. One other thing that we wanted to talk about, and again, we do not normally give guidance, but as part of this process, we talked about our expected results in 2012. And on a forecast basis, we broke it down by property in terms of where we see ourselves. In 2012, we are forecasting somewhere in the area of $289 million of EBITDA out of the Venetian, Las Vegas. To give you an idea about where we are going here, the Venetian did $341 million in 2007 and $293 million in the last 12 months. By 2012, we see this market recovering. Obviously we see a trough in '09, and so we're being very judicious about how we are forecasting EBITDA in these ensuing months, particularly the coming 18 months. We're forecasting in 2012 to do about $258 million out of the Palazzo. Now the Palazzo has been ramping up and as Rob had mentioned, in the third quarter, we did about $44 million of EBITDA. Now, out of the Palazzo, the Palazzo held about 17% on an expectation of 18.5%. So, it is somewhat depressed, but we think that the Palazzo is ramping up nicely, and by 2012 should return to a $258 million run rate of EBITDA on our target for 2012. Sands Bethworks, we believe will generate over $150 million of EBITDA in 2012, discounting back to 2009, obviously lower than that as we're in 2009. We held the Sands Exhibition Center to be flat at $20 million of EBITDA. In Macao, we forecasted the Venetian Macao to run $625 million of EBITDA in target of 2012. That's in the last 12 months of 504, and then the last six months run rate--
Brad Stone: That run rate of the last six months as we've added the ferries and put in certain programs and cost is about 552.
Bill Weidner: 552 on an annualized run rate in the last six months. Sands Macao, we're forecasting to be essentially flat with our last 12 months of '08 at $239 million in 2012. We believe the Four Seasons Macao ramps to about $140 million in 2012. And the most important adjustment and thing that we were able to actually talk about is actually table capacity at the Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. We initially had forecast about a 600 table capacity there to take a very conservative approach when we initially bid. We have been allowed to now say that our plans for our table layouts could accommodate up to 1,000 tables, and the government has indicated that based on their approvals, 1,000 tables might be the capacity that we'd be able to operate under. That has had a significant impact on our forecast for 2012, and we forecast in 2012 to generate $1.259 billion of EBITDA out of the Singapore operation. With that, I want to turn it back over to Brad, so he can talk through how it is we arrived at that value.
Brad Stone: Well, I mean for illustrative purposes, I mean one thing I think that people have to understand and recognize is the huge advantage of the tax regimen that we enjoy in Singapore versus that for perhaps, for example of Macao. We've just did some exercises where we took the last 12 months gaming win in Macao, which is approximately $2 billion at the Venetian Macao rather and looked at that tax affected rate. And if you look at what $2 billion in Macao yields, we have to pay $785 million in taxes against that $2 billion. For illustration purposes, we said that if we did the same $2 billion in Marina Bay Sands, and again with our number of tables and the duopoly, almost monopoly that we have in that jurisdiction, we feel we can exceed those numbers. The effective tax rate, when we blend the VIP mix of business and that of mass is about 17.3%. So, that's that jurisdiction against the same revenue, we would have paid $347 million in taxes. That's a difference in taxes of the EBITDA line on a Macao type number of $436 million just by itself. We talked about the fact that the run rate of the Venetian is about 552 over the last six months, but assuming we use the last 12 months during the ramp up period of Venetian, we did $504 million of EBITDA. And just the tax difference alone on the same exact gaming revenues would have made the difference of $436 million and you would have run if the Venetian were located in Singapore at $940 million of EBITDA in 2008. Now, there's more units in Singapore, you're in a monopoly. I think there are things that one has to understand about Singapore is while there's 31 casinos in Macao, there's only two in Singapore. Singapore has a very mature international infrastructure of hotel rooms. There's over 20,000 four and five star hotel rooms in Singapore, 40,000 rooms in total versus less than 10,000 four and five star hotel rooms in Macao. The resident population of Singapore is 4.6 million people, 70% of which are Chinese versus a population of 550,000 in Macao. I think what's important about that number, we're talking about people who don't need to get visas or go through customs or go through that in order to be right in the gaming jurisdiction. Probably the most important statistics, or one of the most important, is the fact that yet in 2007 there were 27 billion visitors to Macao. There were 10.3 million visitors to Singapore. And what you have here is kind of a phenomenon for those of you who have been covering gaming is what we always saw in Atlantic City and Las Vegas and that is Atlantic City would claim to have more visitations than Las Vegas, and that was true in terms of the visitations. But the difference was that people in Atlantic City stayed 1.1 day and they stayed 3.5 days in Las Vegas. So, you had many more visitor days in Las Vegas. Well, the same thing is true when you look at the Macao and Singapore statistics. The average overnight visitor in Macao stays 1.4 days, the average day trip visitor stays about 1.1 days. So, I think that blends out to just over 30 million visits when you take the four million or so overnight stays and multiply them out. Singapore meanwhile, and Bill has that number, is roughly 35 million to 36 million visitor days when you take the 10.3 million times 3.6, actually a little higher than that, almost 37.1million visitor days. So, actually, more visitor days to Singapore in 2007 than in Macao. So, we think it's a wonderful market. In our forecast, we looked out in 2012 and anticipate a 90% occupancy in our hotel there at a $260 ADR and currently five store hotels in Singapore year-to-date in '08 are running $278, so we're projecting $18 less four years from now in Singapore for a similar type hotel product. And again, we feel that mall based upon its rentals to date will generate an NOI in excess of $200 million or EBITDA in the area of $200 million. So, when you take the rooms, you take the mall, you take the number of units we're going to put on the floor, the very favorable tax regimen, we come up with a number that is in the range of $1.25 billion.
Bill Weidner: And that's in 2012.
Brad Stone: And that's in the year 2012.
Bill Weidner: There is one other statistic that I want to make sure we distribute broadly here as we are speaking also to investors. Our forecast for sites five and six in Macao for 2012 estimate was about $533 million of EBITDA. So, with that I think we have covered our discussions fairly broadly on our current capital raise. We've discussed our third quarter results. And with that I will just open it up for questions for any member of our management team.
Operator: (Operator Instruction). Your first question comes from the line of Larry Klatzkin with Jefferies & Company. 
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: Hey, guys. Could you guys go over just the prospects of regulatory changes in Macao over the next six months? Visa restrictions, tax rate, commission cap starting, more cities being added to the independent visas?
Sheldon Adelson: I was there most recently. I think what you have to look at there is the scheduled policy address to take place tomorrow, which is 3:30 in the afternoon Macao time. There is a major policy address to be given to the legislative council and on the next day there will be a question-and-answer period. The speculation is that there will be, they will address the issue of what we call taxes, what they call contribution to the Macao fund, focusing mainly on the 4%. They're talking about providing help to different companies in the Macao economy to guarantee loans at banks for different SMEs, small and medium enterprises. And other issues, including the consideration of when and how much they're going to announce the cap on the (inaudible) commission rights. So, we're not in a position to tell you, but the market will be in a position to know within in the next 48 hours.
Bill Weidner: I think there was a fairly broad communication of stimulus package in Mainland China itself. It was a pretty aggressive program of building roads and things in the rural area. Additionally, Wen Jiabao announced his support for the Hong Kong and the Macao economies. So, I think we'll be seeing, call it stimulus packages or economy improvement packages coming out of the SARs. And that would, this one for Macao would, as Sheldon mentioned coincide with the policy address, the biannual policy address that's scheduled tomorrow for the Chief Executive. Wen Jiabao, just after that they announced additional openings of IVS visitation schemes that would allow people from the capitals, the large city in the western part and kind of the mid-northwestern part of China, allowing them to access the IVS scheme and come more easily more often to Macao. There is also speculation about easing the current regulations related to Guangdong province as it relates to the IVS scheme.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: All right. As far as convention pre-bookings, MGM had talked about they have more pre-bookings in '09 now than they did a year ago for '08. Any feel, Rob, for how convention bookings, advanced bookings are going?
Rob Goldstein: In Las Vegas, how things are going bookings wise?
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: Yes.
Rob Goldstein: Clearly the market is soft and we've had our number, all of our groups one by one by one through the balance of 2009. We've already seen cancellations are breaking into our projections. We're hoping for a recovery of that whole sector. Clearly there is two pressures. One is in FIT rates and wholesale rates in general. And two is on the overall group market, which is down year-on-year a few points. Obviously, we think that sector can recover. We're not talking about the car business or the financials, but perhaps we see growth in pharmaceuticals, we still see growth in insurance. There are some bright spots, but we project our numbers, Larry, to be some 30% of the mix will be group as opposed to our typical 40%, 42%, 43%. So, right now it's a little quiet, and I think we expected it to be with what's happening in the world today. But I think that will recovering, and it's a question of how long it takes.
Brad Stone: I guess the only thing I'd add to that is that as we shed group rooms in place of either FIT, wholesale, or casino rooms, we do have the opportunity I think Bill, Rob mentioned this earlier of driving more gaming revenue. The group business does put a drag somewhat on our gaming revenues, and as rooms become available we still believe we'll run the high occupancies we've always run. We've never had a challenge filling this hotel. It's always been the challenge of what rate we get. And we'll make sure we utilize those rooms to drive as much other revenue that is perhaps the compromising the rate a little bit and the banquet business, and replacing it with gaming revenue.
Sheldon Adelson: Larry, I'd like to say coming from the convention business. Convention organizers normally see their longest radar encompasses the next event. So, if you have an annual or a semi-annual trade show, for an example, all they care about is the next show. So, if you're in a first half of one year and your show is in the second of the year, that's the time that they make a go or no go decision based upon economic conditions. If it's the following year, they wait till the second half. So, typically it's about six months away before a trade show and convention go or no go decisions are made. But I can tell you that their crystal ball only goes for the next show. So, if the next show is six months from here away, that's how far the crystal ball goes. And so, we're hoping, for instance the trade shows that are booked for a particular year, those that are not cancelled already will hold and those that have cancelled will certainly be looking for the alternate year that the second show to come. I have a piece. There was an article in one of the newspapers in Macao Daily News that talked about, no I don't have it. That talked about the government announcing yesterday that they were going to provide a package of relief to the market. But, I'm sorry, I can't find it. If I do find it before the call is over, I'll read off the short paragraph.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: All right. As far as Four Seasons Apartments, when do you think you can start actually taking deposits and making non-refundable and really going forward?
Bill Weidner: We've taken expressions of interest deposit, but the actual description of the sales piece is supposed to be completed over the next few weeks. And in this quarter, we would anticipate actually taking non-refundable deposits and then flowing on into next year, and actually begin closing on units in third quarter of '09.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: All right. And the General Read is, for some reason, you just can't make a go of it. You guys keep the $293 million and you can then just keep the income or resell it?
Bill Weidner: Did you say General Growth, Larry?
Rob Goldstein: General Growth.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: Yeah, General Growth I mean. General Growth, sorry.
Bill Weidner: Currently in the third quarter and the fourth quarter and then first half of '09, we have about $12 million of rents coming onboard. And we'll collect those rents and keep them if Growth can't form by them as they haven't. The [Yes Bar] bought those rents. So, we'll keep them subject to a possible buyer emerging for those assets. But if Growth sells them, that buyer will accept the commercial terms of the deal, which means we get some kind of a payment for those, at about, a six [cap], $200 million payment will be due us, offset by softness in the mall as obviously the retail market's difficult. So, there's a couple of hundred million dollars of opportunity there if in fact someone buys the assets from General Growth and they are marketing those assets as we speak.
Brad Stone: Right now we're not counting and realizing any of those.
Bill Weidner: Right, we don't expect it, but it may happen. It's a possibility.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: All right, last question which you probably won't answer. The $2.14 billion raise, is that equity form, debt form, or mix? Can you give us any hint at all what effect it may have on the stock?
Sheldon Adelson: Hold on. Pardon me? We've got to put you on hold for a second. Okay.
Rob Goldstein: I don't think we can comment on that. We'll get the prospectus supplement out either today or tomorrow and you'll get the full details of the fund raise.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: All right.
Sheldon Adelson: Larry, I did find that paper and I'm reading it. The Macao government, quote, "The Macao government proposed earlier that they may help to refloat the Las Vegas Sands Corporation if there is no opposite opinion from the public and if it is within their abilities"
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: All right. Well, good. I applaud them if they go ahead and do it.
Bill Weidner: Thanks, Larry, for your interest. Let's go ahead and let somebody else ask a question.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: No, I'm done, I'm done. 
Bill Weidner: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Celeste Brown with Morgan Stanley.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Hi, guys. Good evening. I don't know if you'll be able to answer my first question, but with the capital commitment that you discussed, and the cash in the balance sheet, I calculate you guys having around $3.6 billion of cash. Can you just talk about how you see your sources and uses over the next 12 to 18 months particularly given the delays and particularly given the $900 million you discussed cost to delays, sites five and six?
Bill Weidner: Costs to delay sites five and six, that's mostly construction in the pipeline. I think we quoted a total number of $881 million. That anticipates a full shut down of the project. There are some costs in there that anticipate that there are some contractual obligations that need to be paid out that don't manifest themselves in bricks or sticks or in elevators, or whatever other specialty items are in the pipeline. But most of that expenditure are on things that assumedly, when we restart, we actually use.  If we are able to achieve a project financing, then a portion of that flows into that financing overall as part of the completion of the project. We had to take a worse case scenario here in this capital raise to make sure that we have plenty of capital to take us through '09 and on into mid '10 and beyond.
Sheldon Adelson: The first $400 million of that $800 million plus estimate is for work that's already been completed. So, there are three months of about 120 to 130 that are current payables. We should have characterized them as current payables as opposed to shutdown costs. But, there's a couple of hundred million dollars worth of equipment that's custom-made like escalators and elevators and curtain wall systems that you can't probably restock. There are probably also some centrifuges and chilling towers, cooling towers, whatever. Brad knows more about that than I do. I just know the language.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: And then, can you discuss how you plan to use the rest of the cash? Will you repay some of your US credit facility? Or all the cash be going out to fund projects and then just keeping a cushion on your balance sheet? If you can talk about your proceeds, I don't know if the terms of your raise will allow you to do that at this point.
Brad Stone: Certainly, the capital raise is to make sure that your covenant issues and things like that are not issues moving forward. So, the capital is to fund the new capital expenditure plan and to make sure that we have plenty of cash to be able to operate in what is going to be a difficult operating environment. We anticipate over the next 18 months anyway. So, it's a combination of uses. It's a fully funded plan that takes us from point A to point Z.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: And then you'll be able to entirely fund Singapore as well with this capital?
Brad Stone: Yes, that's the intention. Obviously we have a financing in place that we put up 25% of the equity each draw and then it is met with 75% of the cash to construct Singapore. But it would be a fully funded plan based on our plans.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Greff with JPMorgan.
Joseph Greff - JPMorgan: Hey, guys. Question for you on your 2012 guidance, I guess we'll call it. Did you give a yearend 2012 debt number? And if you didn't could you give one?
Rob Goldstein: Yes, we did. We talked about yearend gross debt and then net.
Scott Henry: Joe, it's Scott. We've got a forecast a yearend growth total debt and this of course assumes, we don't sell any malls, we don't sell any assets like that other than the Four Seasons, a prior hotel unit. There's about $9.1 billion, net debt in that period is about $6.1 billion.
Joseph Greff - JPMorgan: Okay.
Sheldon Adelson: And that doesn't include the sale of any retail. We have two retail malls that are up and operating today, as we speak on this conference call. One brings somewhere between $35 million and $45 million. I'm sorry I don't know the exact number. The other one brings in $130 million. So, for about $165 million, whatever the cap rate we can get on that. Now, clearly as the time goes by, we think the cap rates hopefully will improve or they may deteriorate. But these are trophy malls. They're one of a kind malls, and people that have heard about them or seen them, particularly the Four Seasons mall, they're extraordinarily impressed. We will be developing a mall on lots five and six when we get that done. And on Singapore, the mall will generate approximately $200 million to $230 million, somewhere in that category. If the rate we're signing up about half of the tenants now holds up, we'll have about somewhere between $200 million and $220 million, so they'll have debt of about $4 billion. So, if things get back to normal, we'll be able to sell that mall and essentially pay for the entire Singapore property.
Joseph Greff - JPMorgan: Okay.
Sheldon Adelson: What's being missed here and talked about is the absence of people are just neglecting or forgetting a fundamental business strategy to build core, non-core properties. Sell up a non-core property; still keep the benefit of it. Like the mall as an attraction. One of the amenities and then pay off the financing. The estimates of 12 are certainly the most extraordinarily conservative estimates we've come up with. I don't know that there's anybody can accurately thread the needle on what's going to happen in four or five years from now, but we have to take some conservative approach, so the approach we take is extraordinarily conservative.
Joseph Greff - JPMorgan: Sheldon, what was the aggressive forecast for Singapore then? 1.25 is conservative estimate.
Sheldon Adelson: Pardon me?
Joseph Greff - JPMorgan: If 1.25 is a conservative estimate for Singapore, what was the aggressive higher base case for Singapore in 2012 EBITDA?
Sheldon Adelson: We didn't get beyond that.
Joseph Greff - JPMorgan: Okay.
Sheldon Adelson: What we did was (inaudible) considering that they're approximately the same demographics in the marketplace, in the pertinent marketplace. We even put in a 1.35 junket rep commission schedule for a very high percentage of the gross income. I know that it looks like an aggressive program, but I tell you we've scrubbed those numbers six ways to Sunday and it's difficult to get it down. We know that we had to back up with some sort of experience, so we used the opening of the Sands, we matched the number of tables that are in the marketplace, both in Singapore against the Macao marketplace. And that's what we come up with. I know you're going to find it, somewhat may look aggressive, but we did our best.
Joseph Greff - JPMorgan: Okay, great. And Scott, if you could help us out for 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 project CapEx that would be helpful.
Scott Henry: I'm sorry, Joe. 4Q, 2009?
Joseph Greff - JPMorgan: Yes. Fourth quarter 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011 project CapEx, based on all these fund changes you announced this morning or this afternoon.
Scott Henry: Okay, sure. Fourth quarter of 2008 spent about $1 billion of CapEx. You want the full year of '09? Is that what you're asking for, Joe?
Joseph Greff - JPMorgan: Exactly, yeah.
Scott Henry:  We're not putting it out quarter-by-quarter, but it's about $2.6 billion in '09, including that shut down schedule for five and six, that Bill had indicated previously. And it's about $1.3 billion in 2010, which also captures some of those costs because they're strung out through the second quarter of 2010.
Joseph Greff - JPMorgan: And is there anything in 2011?
Scott Henry: 2011, it's about $400 million.
Joseph Greff - JPMorgan: Great.
Scott Henry: Okay, which includes about $160 million of maintenance CapEx at that point.
Joseph Greff - JPMorgan: Okay, great. And then one final question for Brad, going back to the Venetian Macao in the third quarter. Can you comment on the business or the direct verses the VIP business? Did you have much improvement on the direct side of things? I know it's one of the initiatives that we did talk about a quarter ago?
Brad Stone: Yes, we've seen improvement in that business. I mean overall our volumes have stayed relatively flat. We are moving towards that. We are looking at issuing more credit in that region, particularly in Hong Kong and Taiwan. The business is ramping up relative to the other business, but junkets still play a dominant role. One of the things we are going to look to use the Four Seasons for is to especially once we open the Paiza mansions in the first quarter is to target that direct player. So, we've made some inroads, Joe, but we're nowhere near, where we want to be.
Joseph Greff - JPMorgan: Great, thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS: Oh, great. Thanks. I had a couple of questions. First on Singapore, it sounds like you're still talking about late '09 opening, but it sounds like the entire project won't be opening in late '09. So, if you could just clarify what will be opening in that first phase? And how much capital is needed for that? And then you, it sounded like you said that the $2 billion in capital you've raised will cover Singapore as well. Do you mean it's just going to cover your 20% equity contribution and you will still need to get additional credit financing for that or does that cover the entire amount of the budget increase here that you're talking about?
Rob Goldstein: The loan in Singapore funds as we fund our equity portion of it. So, we're only talking about the equity portion of what needs to be contributed to Singapore to complete Singapore. And by opening of Singapore, you're just talking about the difference; “it's about $0.5 billion total to the end”. But it's 400 and, something near $427 million by the time Singapore opens late '09, early '10.
Bill Weidner: That actually takes us through the first, the end of the first quarter of '10, Robin.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. And then what parts will be opening in late '09 and what parts in 2010?
Rob Goldstein: Well, we're anticipating opening in the late '09, early '10 timeframe is, I think we're going to get two of the towers open with the exception of the suites. We're roughly estimating for projection purposes about 1,000 rooms, hoping that'll be higher than that. A portion of the mall will be open under that scenario and the casino will be open under that scenario as well as the majority of the MICE space. We will open the rest of the rooms through the first into the second quarter. By the end of the second quarter we'd expect to have all the rooms online, the majority of the retail space available, of course, that's always subject to tenant fit out. And then moving probably into the third quarter of '09 would be the theaters and the art/science museum. So, when we opened the property, the majority of the physical, structural pieces and everything else would be in place. But as usual, fitting out a hotel, particularly suites will take place later on. SkyPark, which is a very complicated piece of course we don't get to it until we top off the buildings, would be open some time probably in the mid of the second quarter. So, the property will have its casino, a large array of rooms and restaurants, retail and most of the public spaces open when we open the facility at the end of '09, beginning of '10.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay.
Scott Henry: And Robin, you asked a question about any remaining pieces from a financing perspective. The only piece that we're programming in is a little over US$300 million with FF&E financing, which we've targeted for the late in 2009, we've already started working with two providers for that. We had originally programmed in some bond financing as well, but we've taken that out of the program completely. And there is additional cushion in the program so that if we're not able to raise the full $300 million with FF&E financing, that we're still covered with the proceeds from the deal we just did.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. So, you don't need to do additional, other than the $300 million FF&E, you will not need to do other capital raising for Singapore?
Scott Henry: That's correct.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, great. And then also, just to clarify on sites five and six in Macao, can you just clarify including these shutdown cost of $880 million and the receivables and all of that. Including that and understanding that some of that doesn't have to be paid out for a few quarters, but including that how much will you have spent has been at this point on sites five and six? And then how much would you need then at that point after that $880 million to complete that phase one?
Scott Henry: The amount spent to-date is $1.158 billion.
Rob Goldstein: That's been paid as of September.
Sheldon Adelson: As of September 30th.
Scott Henry: And then a portion of that--
Sheldon Adelson: That 130 in October.
Scott Henry: Well, about $400 million on top of that that we will spend as of the best part of this $881 million, we talked about. And then we would, with the number above that is--
Sheldon Adelson: Total is about $1.5 million, give or take.
Brad Stone: Then on top of that would be about another, about approximately $1.7 million, $1.8 million to open the phase one of the property.
Sheldon Adelson: Does that make sense?
Brad Stone: Close.
Brad Stone: It's hard to determine exactly, Robin, because if the project actually is being suspended, it actually does go through a shutdown before we achieve the completion of the project financing, there are going to be startup costs, restart up costs as well, and we haven't determined exactly what those are yet. That's why the 10-Q reads the way it does.
Scott Henry: And I'm assuming that we end up going to a suspension, but don't get termination. That's based on raising a project financing.
Sheldon Adelson: There's a difference in the contracts between suspension and termination. A suspension is we leave a lot of stuff there. And the contracts are still ongoing, but there's a hiatus for a certain period of time. We have up to a six-month extension. A termination of the work is to stop the project altogether. We are hopeful and we have a term sheet from the Chinese bank that amounts to somewhere between $500 million to $700 million out of an approximately $1.5 billion to $2 billion project finance. Now, if we can wrap that up and we can get help from the government as they say in this news article, or they just see that the parent company requirements have been satisfied and we might be able to get that, then we'll hardly miss a step. We're sending somebody who's sending a team. I was there through Thursday and Friday. I left there Friday, got back here Friday. And we're moving along quite aggressively. And we're hoping that we can solve that problem. The Macao government has encouraged the Chinese banks to go along with us, and we'll see over the next visit whether or not we get that. It could very well be we may not stop at all. We may not let's say suspend at all. But that's still to be determined.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, great. Thank you.
Sheldon Adelson: By the way, we could also slow down as opposed to total suspension.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. Great. And then just a last question, just to clarify. One of the projections you gave, just to make sure I got it right. Did you say that in 2012 the Venetian Macao, you're expecting to be, it sound that like it was about a $125 million higher than its current run rate. I don't know, if I heard it right and also are you assuming everything else in Macao in terms of competitor supply that's been announced? Are you assuming that's all finance that comes online as part of that 2012 projection?
Scott Henry: I think the projection we talked about for 2012 was $625 million. I think we said earlier we certainly look as we ramp up the property. The last six months as we've been to mature, we're about $550 million plus of EBITDA in 2008.
Rob Goldstein: On an annualized basis.
Scott Henry: On an annualized basis, last two quarters. We see that with the ferry service being increasing, a lot of the competition's going to take place in our backyard at Cotai, which is City of Dreams perhaps five and six by then. And we see that only as positive for us. We think that establishes Cotai as a very strong district. We believe in critical mass and we don't see a whole lot other competition coming on in the Peninsula. There simply isn't very much land or places to do anything of any significance. So, we think the $625 million in 2012 as we're still ramping up the Venetian and we're running a $550 or so run rate over the last six months is an achievable number. Especially, as we put cost reductions in place, etcetera and we just learn to utilize the asset better.
Bill Weidner: And also, one point of clarification, Robin, I just want to make sure you didn't just something you had said earlier. I want to make sure you don't have the wrong impression. Of that $881 million for the fix and six, as Brad calls it draconian shutdown, suspension to shut down program. We don't get the $600 million of that until the end of the third quarter, okay of 2009. So, and Brad mentioned about $400 million of that is where we'd be by the end of the first quarter, okay of 2009. So, please don't assume that we spent $800 million in the next 60 days or the next 90 days. You have to assume that we don't get to that level until 2010, second quarter. Okay?
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, great. No, I realize that was spread out, but thank you for clarifying. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Robert Vermillion with Axial Capital].
Robert Vermillion - Axial Capital: Hi there. My question is for Sheldon regarding his $475 million convertible note. With respect to the new financing that's coming in, do you plan on exercising your investor rights agreement? Or the full ratchet to reprise or convert your note?
Sheldon Adelson: I'm afraid that the attorney’s testimony that I can't answer that question. Right now it'll be in the prospectus tomorrow.
Robert Vermillion - Axial Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Sheldon Adelson: You're welcome.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Bill Weidner: Well, thank you all for joining us today. Sorry for the a bit unusual nature of the call in that we're little late, but late breaking events interceded. Appreciate your attention and your time, and look forward to our next quarter to be talking more retrospectively about the quarter that we are in. And further clarification of our development plans going forward. Thank you once again for joining us today and we look forward to next quarter's call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  Bill Weidner - President, Chief Operating Officer Sheldon Adelson - Chairman Brad Stone - Executive Vice President Robert G. Goldstein - President, The Venetian and The Palazzo Scott Henry - Senior Vice President Dan Briggs - Vice President Investor Relations
Analysts: Felicia Hendrix -Lehman Brothers Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies [Unidentified Analyst - Unidentified Firm] Robin Farley - UBS Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities
Operator:  Welcome everyone to the Las Vegas Sands Corp. second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions)I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Weidner, President and COO. 
Bill Weidner:  On the call with me here today are Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman, who is joining us by teleconference from Macau. Brad Stone, our Executive Vice President, is also joining us by teleconference. Rob Goldstein, President of the Venetian Las Vegas and the Palazzo, Scott Henry, our Senior Vice President, Dan Briggs, our Vice President of Investor Relations, and we are here in Las Vegas.  Before we begin I need to remind you that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements that we are making under the safe harbor provisions of federal securities laws. I would also like to caution you that the company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income, adjusted EPS and adjusted property EBITDA, which are non-GAAP measures. The definition and reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release.  Please note that this presentation is being recorded. By now you should have all received our press release detailing our financial results for the second quarter of 2008. Our agenda for this call will be as follows. I'll begin with some summary observations and spend a few minutes on Las Vegas. From there we'll turn our attention to Macau and spend some time on current operations, including the initiatives we have in place to grow cash flow at the Venetian as it continues to mature and approaches its oneyear anniversary and on our development pipeline as we prepare to open our second Cotai Strip integrated resort, the Four Seasons Macau in less than a month. I'll then make some closing remarks, and then we'll move on to your questions.  In Las Vegas we delivered a solid performance in a challenging economic environment. The Palazzo's ramp up process continued throughout the quarter as we introduced additional features and amenities, including the Broadway hit Jersey Boys and additional retail shops and restaurants.  The Palazzo's adjusted property EBITDA was approximately $35 million in the quarter, up from around $20 million last quarter.  Turning to hotel operations, our hotel ADR RevPAR statistics were solid, with occupancy rates for both the Venetian and the Palazzo running north of 90% and ADR for both properties exceeding $240.  The Palazzo's suite product has been very well received, with RevPAR up 17% sequentially.  We are responding to the softer FIT market in Las Vegas by pursuing more group rooms, particularly the information technology and pharmaceutical sectors, which appear to be less impacted.  Looking at the two properties as a whole, second quarter gaining volumes were up across the board, reflecting our now significantly larger asset base in Las Vegas. Table games volume for the combined Las Vegas properties are up 45% in the second quarter compared to last year's second quarter, while slot handle was up 63% compared to last year. We continued to see a steady ramp throughout the quarter as the Palazzo's gaming business continues to build as more of the property's features, including additional high-end suites, have come online.  The strong gaming volume trend has continued into the month of July, with table game volumes up 58% and slot handle up 61%. We're on track for our best month of slot play in Las Vegas since the opening of the Palazzo. With the Palazzo ramping to full steam, we're extending our successful convention-based business model to a far larger 7,100 room asset base. Hotel operations in July remain strong. Through the first 29 days in July, the Venetian has achieved a 91% occupancy in July, while Palazzo has achieved 95%, with occupancy at a blended rate of about $210. We consider that pretty good performance in July in this marketplace. That performance illustrates the flexibility of our service offering, the attractiveness of our product itself, and our ability to effectively respond to evolving market dynamics in Las Vegas. We are, however, ever mindful of the challenging economic environment that we are in, which could continue for some period of time.  Given our expectation the economic environment in Las Vegas may remain challenging for an extended period, we're focusing on tightly controlling our cost structure. Our original Las Vegas master plan was designed to deliver between $40 and $60 million in operating efficiencies across our two Las Vegas properties. In the current environment, we are pushing even harder for efficiencies. Our current plans reflect targeted efficiencies between $70 and $90 million and between the two properties on an annual basis, and we are looking to trim headcount by about 1,500 by attrition, not by layoffs.  Looking ahead with the largest destination resort in the world now complete, with a proven business model that exhibits the agility and flexibility to respond to evolving market dynamics, we remain confident that our unique Las Vegas platform, with its resident efficiencies, inherent flexibility and broad asset base will continue to perform well in today's challenging marketplace. In the future, when the Las Vegas and the U.S. consumer economy eventually inevitably recover, this high quality product is positioned to perform extraordinarily well. Let's now turn to our Asian operations. Our progress in establishing the Cotai Strip in Macau as Asia's Las Vegas moves steadily forward. As the Venetian Macau approaches its first-year anniversary, we're now making final preparations for the opening of our second destination resort on the Cotai Strip, the Four Seasons Macau, which will open about four weeks from tomorrow on August 28th. The Shoppes at the Four Seasons Macau feature more than 100 of the most prestigious brand names in the world, including Louis Vuitton, Hermes, Gucci, Cartier among others, opened last Saturday in advance of the opening of the hotel. More than 100,000 people visited the Venetian Macau in the first day of the operation or the opening of the mall. Another 100,000 visited the Venetian last Sunday, an all-time record for the property for a Sunday. In addition, the first permanent Cirque show in Asia, ZAIA, recently began preview performance. The performance is in preparation for the world's premiere on August 28th. Looking further ahead, we are now less than a year away from the opening of the first of the destination resorts on the Cotai Strip on sites five and six, directly across the Cotai Strip from the Venetian Macau and the Four Seasons Macau. These destination resorts will feature hotels bearing the St. Regis, Sheraton, Shangri-La and Traders brand. In addition, our Singapore development moves steadily forward for the opening in 2009, so clearly execution on the development front remains steady.  We will address our development in pipeline in greater detail in a moment, but first let's spend a little more time on the current period operations in Macau.  As we mentioned in our last quarterly conference call, with the Venetian Macau beginning to mature, we're now approaching its one-year anniversary, we would naturally have the opportunity to focus more of our attention on current operating performance and the generation of incremental cash flow from the property. We laid out for you three initiatives last quarter on which I'd like to provide an update. Initiative number one, better management of our VIP business. Our objectives here include growing our rolling volumes and VIP market share by implementing a more competitive commission structure, developing more direct play, and, where appropriate, prudently providing additional credit. The ultimate goal of these initiatives is to generate more cash flow from the VIP segment of our business.  While we are just getting started in the implementation of these strategies, early results are promising. We've experienced growth both in rolling volume and cash flow from this business segment in the quarter ended June 30 compared to the quarter ended March 31. Those positive trends have continued in July, which is on track to be our best rolling volume since last November at the Venetian and the best rolling month in over a year at the Sands.  Initiative number two, grow our mass table and slot business, particularly by using our ferry services to drive more visitation to the property. While there are some bright spots in this area in our results for the quarter ended June 30, including significant growth in slot play and healthy non-rolling table drop, which is easily the largest in Macau, our real near-term opportunities are clearly beginning to crystallize as we increasingly utilize our ferry services and soon to be 434 weekly sailings to target the most profitable gaming customers and bring them to the property.  After a long ramping up period, after weathering numerous administrative obstacles and delay, our Cotai Jet ferry services are now clearly beginning to gain traction in the marketplace. It took some time, but as customers have been introduced and have become familiar with the service, particularly the advantage of avoiding long immigration lines on the Macau Peninsula Ferry Terminal, average passenger counts have increased substantially.  In the current month of July, the ferries have been running nearly 70% of capacity on average, representing more than 15,000 passengers a day. Last weekend our ferries ran over 90% capacity carrying over 20,000 passengers a day. This compares to an average of only 2,500 passengers a day in May and only about 3,500 passengers a day in June. Weekly passenger volume has increased every week since we expanded the frequency of our service in early June to 56 sailings per day.  We are set to expand our schedule again on Friday night, when we will add our first sailings between the hours of 11:00 p.m. and 7:00 a.m. These new routes will take out total daily sailings to 62, with our daily capacity to nearly 25,000 passengers.  Now that our ferry services are gaining traction we have the opportunity to begin to target these services on our more valuable Cotai Gold Club and Ruby members and link those services to loyalty programs for slot and table play. In addition, we're in the planning stage of additional routes to other transportation hubs and major cities on the Pearl River Delta.  Ferry services affect every segment of our Venetian Macau facility. VIP from a regional international market, linkages to Hong Kong and Hong Kong International Airport, mass tables and slots, particularly high repeat convenience Hong Kong mass players, FIT rooms business, meetings, conventions and trade show for the convenience of the delegates to access the marketplace, arena events, shopper convenience for retail sales, and so on, all critical for maximizing the synergies of our integrated resort amenities. This becomes particularly important as we add more reasons to come directly to Cotai, the Four Seasons and the upscale shopping brands of the shops at the Four Seasons in Macau and the Cirque show called ZAIA.   Initiative number three, control our costs. We have now begun to implement a plan that will take between $60 and $70 million of annual operating expenses out of our cost structure at the Venetian Macau and the Sands Macau. We've already begun to see early results from the implementation of this plan reflecting in our second quarter results, particularly at the Venetian Macau, and expect to realize significant additional cost savings as we move through the remainder of the year.  We'll continue to exercise our plan and expect it to continue to deliver results on those most important initiatives into the future. Our six factors of success we established at the opening of the Venetian Macau as vital to our long-term success remain in place. We expect each of these elements will be enhanced, both by the growth in our ferry service and the addition of the company's second resort on the Cotai Strip, the Four Seasons Macau.  The first factor of the six is visitation. Over 20 million visitors have experienced the Venetian Macau since it opened approximately 11 months ago, including over 100,000 visitors last Saturday and Sunday. July visitation at the Venetian is on track to be up over 28% over June. This significant visitation increase is directly correlated to the sixfold increase in ferry passengers utilizing our Cotai Jet service to visit the Cotai Strip. The second factor, hotel performance. It remains solid, with ADR coming in at $225 for the quarter, occupancy reaching 80.2% and RevPAR of about $180. In July, hotel occupancy is tracking north of 90%, with ADR north of $200 and RevPAR north of $188.  Item number three, gaming volumes. Our VIP business is moving in the right direction, with rolling volume increasing 13.6% sequentially in the second quarter. The total cash flow generated from this business also is increasing sequentially. As we begin to prudently grant more credit and as we add our upscale casino at the Four Seasons, we expect to continue grow both our share of this business and our total cash generated from it.  Mass table volumes have been solid, clearly the largest in the Macau marketplace, reflecting the acceptance and appeal of the Venetian Macau. After a seasonally weak June, July is tracking to be our strongest mass gaming month in the history of the property, with slots and not rolling play both on pace to set record levels of volume. This increase in play, again, is correlated to our increase in Cotai Jet ferry passengers and visitation to the property.  Next, as far as entertainment offerings, they've worked. They've driven both visitation and incremental play, and they're set to be expanded, beginning with the opening Cirque's ZAIA in a custom-built theater at the Venetian Macau, Cirque's first permanent show in Asia overall. Our Asian performances, our Asian entertainer performances, including Jay Chou, Hacken Lee, Easton Chan, Aaron Kwok and others, have proven to be successful in drawing visitation, and for certain of these acts we've exceeded 100,000 visitors a day on the day of their performances. Team USA is now in Macau, and we are flooded with press. They are making their appearance in the next few weeks as they make their final preparations at our Cotai arena for competing in the 2008 Olympic tournament in Beijing. The combination of these kinds of acts have driven visitation and interest and brand awareness for the property. Our group meetings and convention business, after a strong start, continues to grow, with significant multi-national groups hosting multiple follow-on group meetings in our first 11 months of operation. The business is seasonal, so there are naturally weaker and stronger months and periods, and most shows take many years to ramp. And not even every show will be an immediate success, particularly as the economy at Guangdong Province evolves up the value chain in comparison to its neighbors and the low-tech manufacturing relocates to less developed economies in the region. But overall the trajectory remains positive.  On the retail front, with 272 stores and over 620,000 square feet of retail space now open in the Grand Canal Shops and the opening last Sunday of 90 new luxury stores at the Shoppes at the Four Seasons Macau, the Cotai Strip is clearly taking shape as a premiere shopping destination. The luxury brands at the Four Seasons will extend and complete our retail offering to the luxury market segment. This will contribute to increased visitation to the property and should be accretive to the stores in the Grand Canal Shops themselves by drawing wealthier customers to visit and by increasing the foot traffic through the Grand Canal Shops. So as we close in on the one-year anniversary of the Venetian Macau, it's clear that each of these indicators is evolving and progressing, and each one is moving in the right direction. So what will drive our performance higher in the near future? First, more frequent Cotai Jet ferry service from Hong Kong Harbor to the ferry terminal at the foot of the Cotai Strip, including initially moving into 30minute intervals in the evening hours between 6:00 p.m. and 11:00 p.m., then to 15minute intervals at peak times followed by service from the Kowloon Ferry Terminal in Hong Kong. We are in the planning process now to provide service to additional locations in the Pearl River Delta. These additional services will increase visitation to Macau and to the Cotai Strip, providing more satisfying, convenient visitor experience for shoppers, arena and event attendees, and convention, trade show and corporate meeting delegates.   We initiated the ferry service in order to provide a public transportation infrastructure component that is vital for the visitation to Macau and the properties being developed on Taipa. As our ferry services have ramped up, we've seen a direct correlation between those services and visitation to the Cotai Strip, visitation at the Venetian Macau itself is up by about 28% June to July, and incremental visitor counts are contributing what will be likely to be the biggest mass drop month and our biggest slot handle month since the opening of the property in August of last year. As we head into August of this year with passenger levels and loads reaching 90% on the weekends, additional sailings being added, additional routes on the way, we feel confident in the ability of the ferry service to deliver incremental visitors to the Cotai Strip. Looking ahead, as visitation continues to increase and our ferry services run at very high occupancy rate, we will increasingly focus on efforts to drive mass table volume and slot revenues by fine tuning and expanding loyalty programs that reward our most valuable customers with transportation and other amenities. With our ferry service now up and delivering visitors to the Cotai Strip, the shops at the Four Seasons recently opened, the Cirque show ZAIA now in previews and the Four Seasons Macau set to open in less than a month, we feel confident in our ability to utilize the critical mass of these assets to drive mass table drop and slot revenues increasingly higher at the Venetian Macau. The opening of the Four Seasons mall just over four weeks - oh, pardon me, the opening of the Four Seasons Macau in just over four weeks from tomorrow will take our service offering at the Cotai Strip to the next level and provide the most discriminating customer, the one who might prefer a more intimate experience than we offer at the Venetian, together with the personal service and attention to detail that is synonymous with the Four Seasons brand on the Cotai Strip, an additional amenity for their visit. The Shoppes at the Four Seasons Macau will extend our retail offering to the luxury segment, distinctly positioning the two properties. That should allow them to present two different experiences to visitors to the Cotai Strip and appeal to different segments of the marketplace. While we increase visitation and broaden our service offering, we'll continue to execute our plan to control our cost structure so that the growth in revenues increasingly makes it through to the EBITDA line. So that's the update from an operating perspective. I now want to move on to update the pacing of our development activities.  In Bethlehem and Singapore, we're progressing on pace and on budget to open these projects consistent with our previous expectations. Sands Bethlehem is on track to open in less than a year, in July of 2009, while Marina Bay Sands in Singapore is on track to open December of 2009. In Macau, we remain on track on sites five and six, the integrated resort complex across from the Venetian Macau. Phase one, which will feature the Sheridan, the ShangriLa and Traders brand, is on track to open in summer of 2009, while phase two, which features the St. Regis brand, is on track to open by December, 2009. We continue to make great progress on sites five and six. While that continues, it is clear that the pace of approvals for development activities throughout Macau has slowed substantially. Looking ahead, we anticipate further delays as Macau government takes strides to get its arms around the development implementation and enforcement of existing and proposed gaming regulations. While we wholeheartedly support the government's efforts in this area, we understand that one byproduct of those efforts is that the approval process for new developments will likely remain slow until the current administration is able to sort through these matters. We will, of course, continue to do everything in our control to deliver our announced developments as expeditiously as possible.  As I said before, sites five and six remain on track to open their initial phase in mid-2009 and completed by the end of 2009. For sites seven, eight and three, however, we have yet to receive final approval of our submitted designs, and we have not received to date the necessary permits to begin the foundation work. We do, of course, expect to receive final approval for our designs and permits allowing us to begin construction in the near future.  Once we do receive final design approvals and the requisite approvals to begin foundation work on those sites, we expect the time to actually construct these things to be between 30 and 36 months. So the combination of approval slowdown and our ability to be able to access the sites have affected our schedules somewhat, but our 30 to 36 month construction cycle remains intact.  Let me now just spend a few moments to provide an update on the ongoing financing process for the Macau developments. As you know, our strategy for the funding of the development of Macau properties has always been on a phased approach. The benefit of the phased approach is that the cash flows from each completed phase can support development cost associated with the next phase. As we prepare to open the Four Seasons Macau and to turn our development focus principally on site five and six, we are now entering the next phase of the funding cycle. To kick off the funding of the next phase of the Cotai Strip development we will focus on securing the funding we need to complete sites five and six and then to continue to advance sites seven, eight and three, we have recently hosted a bank due diligence meeting in Macau which was attended by about 180 principles representing approximately 40 banks from around the region and the world. In this round of funding we intend to raise a total of approximately $5.25 billion, primarily, if not entirely, in the Asian bank markets. The process of the financing will refinance - the proceeds, pardon me, of the financing will refinance our $3.3 billion Macau credit facility, allow us to complete the construction of site five and six on the Cotai Strip, and continue design and development work on sites seven, eight and three. The marketing of the transaction is now under way, and we are making good progress. We're utilizing the formula we recently employed to raise capital in Singapore by inviting significant participation from the regional Asian banks, European banks with a focus on the Asia marketplace, and a handful of institutions domiciled in the United States.  We're targeting to fund this new credit facility this fall, again, primarily from Asian banks and European banks focused on the Asian markets. Turning to our funding strategies overall, I want to add that we regularly evaluate as a matter of course the funding needs for the company overall and that we regularly evaluate and are currently evaluating various strategies that would put additional liquidity in place at the corporate parent, both to support our domestic credit facility, should that become necessary at some point in the future, and to provide additional liquidity and flexibility at the parent level to support our current and future development plans.  As we evaluate various strategies, it's important to recognize that we only have two significant domestic capital requirements. First, the Palazzo Condo Tower, with a remaining cost to build of approximately $400 million and which is scheduled to be completed in the first quarter of 2010, and Sands BethWork, with a remaining cost to build of approximately $500 million which is scheduled to be completed in July, 2009. We believe we have tremendous flexibility in how we fund those two projects should our current domestic credit facilities and other funds currently available prove inadequate to fund those projects to completion or should we choose to supplement that domestic credit facility with additional liquidity at the corporate level. Turning to Singapore, as I said a moment ago, the construction of the integrated resort at Marina Bay, the three hotel towers are now visibly rising on the waterfront at Marina Bay and we're on track to be topped off in less than a year. We've begun leasing retail space at the Shoppes at Marina Bay Sands and have reached commercial terms with 195 stores representing approximately 280,000 square feet of retail space at an average annual base rent of $453 U.S. dollars per square foot.  We realize these specific locations are likely to represent very sought after retail space, but we are enthused about the reception of our retail offering, the commercial terms that we have been able to agree to to date, and the future potential of this unique asset.  Once complete, the Marina Bay will become an integral component of Singapore's commitment to becoming South Asia's premiere business and tourism destination. At its current pace, Singapore is set to achieve a record number of visitors for 2008. Its hospitality industry has been strong, with room revenues growing at 22% and average daily rates growing at 30% compared to the first six months of last year. Additionally, Singapore's average length of stay for 2008 is 3.9 days, which is up nearly 9% over the last year. And with events like the first-ever Formula 1 night race to be held this September, it reflects Singapore's dedication to utilizing visitation to drive its economic growth. So our investments at Marina Bay Sands are perfectly positioned to help Singapore reach its goals and perfectly positioned to be extraordinary investments. Before we go to Q&A, let me know throw out a couple of concluding thoughts. First, in Las Vegas, the Venetian is performing well in a somewhat softer Las Vegas market overall, and the 3,068 suite Palazzo is ramping up to full power as all of its amenities come online and continue to ramp. On the Macau Peninsula, the Sands continues to be the peninsula market leader in mass gaming volumes despite very large increases in high-quality competitive capacity. We will continue to work to capture additional operating efficiencies and focus on maximizing the Sands cash flow returns. Finally, on the Cotai Strip, the Venetian is just beginning to realize some of its tremendous potential. We remain focused on the three fundamental objectives there - managing our VIP business, growing our mass table and slot play, particularly by expanding our ferry service, and controlling our cost structure. Success in those three areas should drive significant increase in adjusted property EBITDA. We'll also realize synergies from the opening of the Four Seasons four weeks from tomorrow, as we continue to construct the Shangri-La, the Sheraton, the St. Regis and Traders, and seek additional approvals to continue our development on the Hilton, Conrad, Fairmont, Baffles, Swiss Hotel, Intercontinental and the other remaining properties on the Cotai Strip.  Critical mass on the Cotai Strip is building as we speak. By the end of 2009, there'll be nearly 15,000 international standard rooms on Cotai, more than four times as many as exist on the Macau Peninsula today. The bulk of the peninsula investment is now completed. The focus of the future development in Macau will be on Cotai. Those factors, together with strong market growth overall, the eventual backstop of supply by government regulation, expanded infrastructure, including conditions in the Cotai Jet ferry service, paint a compelling picture for the future of our Cotai investment.  We remain confident that the execution of these plans, growing our cash flow and executing our business development plans, will lead to superior returns for our shareholders. And with that, we will open the lines for Q&A for anybody that has any questions after that elongated presentation today. Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Felicia Hendrix -Lehman Brothers.
Felicia Hendrix -Lehman Brothers:  So a few questions for you guys. One is I know it's very early days, but are there any mall statistics that you can give us following the opening of the Four Seasons mall? For example, has it improved traffic at the Venetian mall or, you know, are you getting any kind of indication of that yet?
Sheldon Adelson: That's too early. We haven't opened. It just opened for advanced viewing, and I got calls in the last couple of days from some friends that were here that say that it's the most beautiful mall they've ever seen. I think the expectation it's too early. It just opened for preview a day or two ago. And then yesterday, I mean, today's what? Wednesday? I think no earlier than Monday.
Bill Weidner: They opened Friday. Yeah, I think, Felicia, you can say that, you know, with the combination of the ferry service and more things to see on Cotai drove 100,000 visits - actually 103,000 visits on Saturday and 101,000 visits on Sunday. So I think it's the combination of increased ferry service and more things to see that really kind of bodes for the future of the attractiveness of the Cotai Strip. So we open a new mall and we add enough capacity on the ferries, and the increase in visitation you can count.
Felicia Hendrix -Lehman Brothers: Actually that's an excellent segue to my next question because, if you look at the mass market table drop for the Macau properties, they've been declining over the last three quarters, so what I'm wondering is is there a reason for that or, you know, now that you have another mall open, the ferry service has improved, do you expect that to increase going forward or what are you seeing?
Brad Stone:  Bill pointed out that the initial indications for July, for example, were going to set a new record for our property in Cotai at the Venetian, and I think we're, you know, it's been very sudden. I mean, it's really, when you look at the increase in the ferry business, the fact that we've got the night sailings and all, a month and a half ago we were talking about how to fill the ferries. Now, as Bill sort of indicated in his presentation, we're going to be faced at some point with making sure that we, you know, are selective on how we market to our own customers because we're reaching capacity on certain days very quickly. So, you know, I think the traffic flows are tremendous. You know, we're working hard to convert traffic throughout the property down to the casino floor. And we have more promotional and marketing things to come which we think will supplement as we get people into the property, to get them to play the games and to get them to extend their visitation at the Venetian property. 
Felicia Hendrix -Lehman Brothers: Is the increased volume on the ferries driven by demand or have you been promoting ticket prices and things like that?
Brad Stone:  It's really been a combination of both. And to that point, demand that we have driven internally we're probably going to end up scaling back because we're catching up with demand as people become familiar with it and as it became more convenient. We're going to, you know, be more selective in how we promote the ferry to our players at the Venetian.
Sheldon Adelson: Felicia, at the - within the last few weeks we've started frequency at about every half hour instead of every hour, and I think by the - I can't swear about the date, but I think it's the end of August, the beginning of September - we will be running every 15 minutes, so we'll have a substantially great capacity in both directions. So if we're running 90% in a ferry, the average occupancy for [Shunttex] Ferry Service has been 70% or 80% over the last decades, as we understand. So we're very, very happy with the performance of the ferries. Although we don't want to provide any guidance, as Bill and Brad indicated, July is showing a very, very positive upward trend in the ferry deliverers. 
Felicia Hendrix -Lehman Brothers: I'm wondering if you could also give us some color on both of your current condo or Four Seasons service department project in Vegas with the Palazzo. First, on the Four Seasons, you've talked a lot about using a coop structure. I was wondering if that's still in place or if you have altered that. And I'm wondering where you are in the process? Do you have a sales office open, marketing materials out, that sort of thing. And then the same for the Palazzo in Vegas, the Palazzo condos.
Sheldon Adelson: I'll tell you that about a month ago I personally spoke with the head of sales for the Four Seasons condo - God knows, it's the co-op project - and I asked him whether or not the model - they call it a show flat - if the show flat was ready and the marketing materials were ready. He indicated to me that he had expressions of interest from 150 people, and in talking to him and others, the 22 penthouses that are being offered, they have such a high demand for that that they think they're going to - they were proposing to take sealed bids on them. I suggested they do a live auction. So it certainly indicates a strong demand. Of course, you never know until the fat lady sings, but this is the indication. And they've stopped taking expressions of interest because they didn't know when they could deliver it. Without getting into any further detail, I would say that in the near future there will be a reason to announce that we'll be able to start converting those expressions of interest into orders.
Felicia Hendrix -Lehman Brothers: Okay, so that's in Macau, correct? What's going on in Vegas?
Sheldon Adelson: At Macau. In Vegas, Rob, do you want to say what's going on in Vegas?
Robert G. Goldstein:  Yes, our marketing materials are ready in Las Vegas. We will start actively selling or taking expressions of interest some time in the month of August. The tower's going up. It looks very, very good. We're obviously looking at what's happening in the marketplace. We are ready to start offering these things this summer and into fall, and we believe we're going to have strong demand for them.
Felicia Hendrix -Lehman Brothers: And then final question, just, you guys seem very optimistic about the financing progress that you're making in Asia. Just wondering, is there any chance to augment that, that there might be, you know, Sheldon, you might issue some equity, [inaudible] equity?
Sheldon Adelson: There will be no equity sold at these levels. What I could say - all right, go ahead.
Operator: Your next question comes from Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley:  Can you talk further about this domestic liquidity, particularly given, Sheldon, your comment just now that there will be no more equity issued at these levels?
Sheldon Adelson: Could you repeat that question, please?
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Bill talked about increasing the liquidity in the U.S. market, and you mentioned you wouldn't be raising equity. Can you just discuss how the liquidity would be increased at the parent if you're not issuing equity?
Sheldon Adelson: Well, we want to maintain our flexibility. We see various options out there. We do have quite a bit of flexibility, but at this stage of the game I can't get into any of the details because obviously we don't want to upset markets or move markets. But we're evaluating various alternatives to put additional liquidity in the corporate parent level. Now let me say, I don't know if you were around nine years ago, in 1999, Celeste? 
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: I was covering media then.
Sheldon Adelson: Covering media then, okay. But in 1999 we had a slow opening and a slow ramp up because of the construction problems we had with Bovis, the builder, and everybody was saying to me, Sheldon, we may need $50 million. Please tell us you're going to put it in. Put it aside in an escrow account, and tell us that everything's going to be safe. And I said no, I'm not going to do that, but I can tell you this - the payment will be made. And the reason why I didn't do that is because I wanted the market to accept Sheldon Adelson's verbal commitment, that his word is something to rely upon.  A friend of mine says that - as all of you that know me know, I don't equal the height of Yao Ming or LeBron James or any of the basketball players. Ming isn't here, but LeBron James and Kobe Bryant and other top players are here in Macau. However, one of my closest friends says, Sheldon, don't worry about your height. You're the tallest person I know when you stand on your wallet.  And I'm saying right now the company will not have liquidity problems. Need I say more?
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: So you're saying you'll backstop the company if need be, in worst case?
Sheldon Adelson: I don't want to, you know, my lawyers have - let me put it this way. My lawyers have cautioned me what I can say and what I cannot say. However, as I said back in '99, we're not going to have any problems, and I'll say it again. We're not going to have any problems. Those of you who want to believe it will act accordingly, and those of you who don't want to believe it will act what they think they want to do.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: And then I guess this question would be for Bill or Brad. The corporate expense in the quarter increased pretty substantial sequentially. Is that sustainable, especially given your comments on cutting costs in both Macau and Las Vegas?
Brad Stone: Usually we'd be looking at each other to answer that question. I'm somewhere far away, so it's like the [inaudible] isn't quite right. I mean, tell the truth, who's going to take this one? I think the, you know, we don't believe it is sustainable. Some of those - Rob, do you have the details on some of those expenses in front of you?
Robert G. Goldstein: Scott has the -- 
Dan Briggs:  I've got a piece of paper right here, so let me. Looking at second quarter '08 corporate expense, you know, we're talking about $33.6 million. And you've got some incremental legal fees up this quarter which probably won't be, you know, won't necessarily be ongoing at the same rate they're at today, and there's some other things moving around in there. But effectively, you know, you're not necessarily going to see a change from 25 to 33 and have it continue to go in that direction going forward.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Sorry. So we won't see - it'll be somewhere between 25 and 33 going forward?
Dan Briggs: We don't give guidance, obviously, but there's some legal expenses in there that we wouldn't expect to necessarily recur every quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies:  You guys mentioned that you're looking to go more direct to customers. Can you say what percent of your VIP was direct? And Four Seasons, I guess, you know, with the first real, intimate product, are you looking to go a very high percentage direct at that and compete with Wynn?
Brad Stone: You know, we're seeing a ramp up in that, Larry. You know, the - I will tell you, without going to specific numbers, for example, in the month of June we were actually able to double what we were able to produce in the month of May. So they're not off large bases, but we are growing that business. And certainly the Four Seasons is a real positioning opportunity for that. We have a [inaudible] area in the Four Seasons which is about 19 tables. It's not designed to be a junket spot in itself, merely by its size and its connection into the Chinese restaurant there, and it's immediately adjacent to the Four Seasons Hotel. So we're going to look to leverage that product differentiation and offer, you know, a consumer who wants a more cloistered, intimate experience that experience. The Venetian offers a lot of excitement and fun and huge asset base for a customer to take advantage of, and many customers enjoy that. Some customers want to get away from that. The great thing about the Four Seasons, it really offers that premium customer the best of both worlds. They can be in the intimate settings of the Four Seasons or they can be 100 meters away and be in the action in the arenas and the [inaudible] rooms and the malls of the Venetian. So certainly we're going to look to take that as a stepping stone forward. I think the other thing that we're seeing, too, in the month of July is just an increase in utilization of some of the aircraft that we've been perhaps slow in utilizing. We have a 737 over there, which we are bringing in, you know, small groups from out of the immediate marketplace, and we also utilize a Gulf Stream there. So we have, you know, all the tools to work towards direct play. And we have the ultimate tool in terms of what we believe the Four Seasons will offer, particularly to that non-junket direct play-type customer.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: All right, because I think Wynn's up to like 30% direct. I mean, could you see the Four Seasons achieving more than 25% direct?
Brad Stone: As far, you know, you mean, within itself, I mean, I think it's - 
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Yes, within itself.
Brad Stone: Within itself, I think it will probably have to do, you know, that or better simply by the size of its junket rooms. I mean, it's not designed primarily at this point for the junket. We do have junket expansion capabilities at the Four Seasons which are actually under development. But initially we're going to position that property primarily against a directed play customer.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: And Brad, as long as we're on it, you had some bad hold at the Sands in Macau. Could you quantify what that might have cost you?
Brad Stone: The Sands Macau for the quarter was about 2.82%, and so you're talking about - we say our normalized, and if you look at Sands and Venetian for the quarter, we were about 2.94%.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: That's negligible. Okay. Compared to last year - 
Brad Stone: It's negligible as far as the overall company is concerned. The Sands played a little unlucky. The Venetian played, you know, just about where it should and blended. It's a couple million dollars.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: And then budget-wise, are we still looking five and six, around $3.3 billion plus land and the Singapore, around $4.5 billion plus land - including land, I mean?
Brad Stone: I think the - when we talked about the project in - and we've talked about these at investor days and all for sites five and six, we classified the $3.3, $3.4 billion as hard costs. There's still, you know, pre-opening costs on top of that and certain other costs, but it's in line with what we've talked about in other investor days. So nothing has changed, for example, since February in terms of our budgets on five and six.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Okay. And Singapore's still $4.5?
Brad Stone: Singapore we haven't commented on lately. We're still trying to get our hands around that. I don't want to comment until I really feel sure about that number.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: All right. And then I guess the government's going around talking to everybody in Macau. What's you guys' feeling about the commission cap timing and where you see it happening?
Sheldon Adelson: I'm meeting with [Edmond] today, late today. And, you know, bear in mind guys that the performance in the second quarter was based upon our offering 1.35 plus comps, and that's the highest that - as high as anybody else. And we can benefit by having the commission capped at 1.25 although we felt it should have been capped at 1.0, including comps. So it'll make a material difference between the [inaudible] - the 1.35 plus comps, whatever that comes to, and what we end up with, the 1.25 cap including comps. So we're looking forward to some benefit accruing out of that. There's something I want to say concerning development in Macau. First of all, let me say that the fundamentals of our company have not changed. Contrary to what everybody - some of the rumors that have been going around, we're moving forward with our development pipeline aggressively. It is acknowledged that the approval for seven and eight - we don't need three because, you know, that's the land we already own; we paid the premium for that, I believe we paid the premium - seven and eight has been delayed, and we have also done some more redesign.  But our intention going forward with that, which I am led to believe - and I may have an answer within the next week; I can't guarantee it, but I may - I hope to have an answer on when we could start seven and eight; we've done ground work, we haven't done foundation, we've done ground work - would leave about $100 million in the financing package so that we could continue site development on seven, eight and three. And we've also left - and this is important - we've put into the $5 plus billion financing package an accordion feature that will allow us in two phases to take down $1 billion, which is exactly what we did with lots five and six. So we started off to get the pilings done, which take a few hundred million, for seven and eight, and then we start on the foundation and stuff and by that time the other properties will be open and we'll be able to generate more income and borrow money beside just going on a project financing basis. So things haven't changed there. It's taken us time to get approval. We're doing some redesign because of the cost of construction of the magnificent design we have. It's high, so we're going to - we're tweaking that design. And we're optimistic that we'll be - I'm optimistic that we'll be able to get an approval for that in the very near future.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Do you think that the commission cap is enforceable? Some people are claiming that it's not. I talked to [Warren Sell] and he seems to believe that it really is. What is your opinion on that point?
Sheldon Adelson: Listen, you know, you've got to look at it from a practical basis. You can - it depends how much the government enforces the law. There's going to be a pressure on the government because I think they've gotten to the point that I think if in fact - if in fact - the central government told Edmond, which is why he made that announcement that he's got to control it better. He made that announcement to the Legislative Council. It's got to be seriously enforced. I believe that certainly at the beginning it'll be enforced. Will somebody finds some way around that, I don't know. I mean, you never know. But people know and understand what they're back betting on the line, that if they continue to push they may be pushing - it may be the start of breaking the camel's back. And they're smart enough businessmen to know they don't want to kill the goose that's laying the golden eggs. So if the government says 1.25 based upon my conversations with a leading junket rep, I think they'll abide by it, at least the top guys will.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Last question and I don't know if you guys will answer this, but can you give us some indication of Venetian versus Palazzo EBITDA?
Brad Stone: $35 million for Palazzo.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Unidentified Analyst - Unidentified Firm].
Unidentified Analyst - Unidentified Firm:  I was hoping, Bill, Rob or Brad, if you can comment on what you're seeing for forward convention bookings on the Las Vegas Strip the second half of this year and what your read is for next year?
Robert G. Goldstein: Obviously, it's a challenging market, we can't deny that, in all segments, be it convention, be it group. Certain segments within the group market are especially challenging, obviously - auto, financials, freight transportation. However, pharmaceutical, IT, fast food, insurance, biotech all seem to bode pretty well. The pressures both external outside of the Las Vegas market [inaudible]. The market is sensitive within Las Vegas as well.  I think we're going to rebound in the first quarter. We've had some disappointing cancellations, and especially in the automotive sector. But I think [year-over-year] we'll be up, albeit we have 3,000 rooms to fill. We're more sensitive to rate than we have been in the past. The trade show market's holding up well, and I think the group market will bounce back. But we're going to lose some important segments. I think, you know, auto, financial, freight transportation will continue to be obviously nonperforming segments within the group market. 
Sheldon Adelson: This is on the convention, the mice giant, sorry the mice rat - the rat giant. 
Bill Weidner: On your wallet. 
Sheldon Adelson: That's what they call me here in Asia. Listen, go back to 9/11 and see what happened. Now, I've been in the trade show business for 35 years. I've been in it and affiliated with it for 35 years, and I can tell you that what happened on 9/11 is a good example. It was much more drastic a hit on the market and more immediate than anything else, than any sort of economic slowdown. Everything is cyclical. There isn't anybody that doesn't think that we're in a trough right now, and hopefully we're at the bottom of the trough. And some people will even say we're at the beginning of climbing out of it. I could tell you that the convention market, the exhibition market, doesn't go sour for more than a year. So if somebody had a problem this year, typically they won't have any problem next year because the fundamental need of people in the exhibition and the conference market is to get the latest information in order for them to carry on making a living. If somebody is short information, they put their company at a competitive disadvantage, and other guys will come and eat their lunch. So they've got to see the new products, they've got to see what's going on in the industry, and they have to discuss what research is showing and, of course, other reasons that people go to shows and conferences is to recruit other people and to do PR.  So I'm here to say that typically - and I've seen it several times over the past - in a recessionary contraction or in an incident like 9/11, typically will not last more than one cycle. 
Brad Stone: What is positive is that trade show business continues, you know, we're not losing trade shows. There is some slight attrition, but there's no lack of shows. Shoe is in town right now. ASD shows up in a couple of weeks, then Magic. So there's strong trade show support in Las Vegas, and we have the advantage of, if we want to, open up our rooms to more trade show business because we're usually the host hotel. So we have that advantage as well in the trade show market.
Bill Weidner: Yeah, I think this kind of a testament to the business plan overall. I mean, the ability to be able to access the corporate market with the carpeted space that we have, access the exhibition market with the expo center that we have, all-suite rooms, be able to reach out into the gaming market further, to be able to then test the FIT markets. I mean, it just - it's a product that allows us to be able to react to poor times like this, and also a product that allows us to identify segments that may still be in good shape and then go out after those. 
Brad Stone: And lastly I think the fact that, you know, there's concern about some of the airlift into Las Vegas. If you're going to be at a group or a trade show, you're going to get there someway or another. There's less discretion on the travel and certainly lots of lifts still exist to Vegas. And somebody attending those types of meetings or those type of exhibitions is going to make sure they get there because they need to. 
Sheldon Adelson: A recent example - [inaudible] the point - the ICSC, the International Council of Shopping Centers, which is real estate oriented, it's been hit hard, had a drop from 50 to 30,000 and we still sold out and still at the same prices we had last year. We don't need 100% of a planned convention, unless it's tiny, in order to satisfy our demand - satisfy the supply we have.
Robert G. Goldstein: It's true, also, with the Shoe show, Sheldon. We're very strongly seeing with Shoe the same way.
Unidentified Analyst - Unidentified Company: And one final question. Did you guys - I made it the last quarter on the call, did you break out the 2Q EBITDA between the Venetian and Palazzo?
Bill Weidner: Last quarter? Yes, we did. 
Brad Stone: We said it was about $20 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Farley - UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS:  I wonder if you could give us some numbers that aren't usually available until the Q is filed but that would just give us a sense of liquidity, sort of where you're drawing down on different credit facilities? And the question is not to diminish Sheldon's height when he stands on his wallet, but just to get the information.
Sheldon Adelson: Robin, did you at least laugh at it?
Robin Farley - UBS: Of course.
Sheldon Adelson: I thought it was funny. I even tried it, to demonstrate it. I still couldn't be a basketball player.
Scott Henry: Robin, are you looking just for the specific debt balances at each of our various entities or levels? I mean, what specifically are you looking for?
Robin Farley - UBS: Specifically, the credit facilities, what's drawn down and what's available in terms of liquidity today or at quarter end.
Scott Henry: I have the drawn amounts in front of me. I don't have the exact remaining availabilities, but I can give you the drawn amounts at each of the various levels. And, of course - 
Sheldon Adelson: Just, Scott, I mean, if you're going to go into the analysis of the entire balance sheet and our debt structure, it's going to use up the rest of the time and bore everybody else. The bottom line is that we have plenty of flexibility and whatever liquidity we need we're going to have.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. Scott, maybe I can follow up with you after the call. And then one other question that hopefully won't take up the rest of the call, but if you could just talk about your strategy with the Palazzo condo sales in Las Vegas. If you look at City Center and maybe the pace of sales, it's been a little bit slower than what was originally expected. But since they're condo hotels, the property can just, I guess, ultimately keep them in their hotel inventory. And you've made the point that you didn't design the Palazzo condos to be kind of hotels because of the conflict of interest, and so I guess what's the strategy if condo sales there are at that sort of slower pace? 
Robert G. Goldstein: Sheldon, you want to weigh in or you want me to take that?
Sheldon Adelson: We don't expect the condo sales to come out at a slow pace. There's already a backlog of expressions of interest, and we expect to start selling - we had a meeting yesterday - what was yesterday? We had a meeting on Tuesday, at which time we also had a Board meeting. The sales group came in and made a pitch.  And the approach that they're taking, we accelerated their efforts and tried to move them along. But since we can't deliver the property until the end of '09 or the first quarter of '10, nobody seemed to have been in too much of a hurry. And I reversed that kind of thinking and I said let's go and get our expressions of interest, and then let's see what the market looks like. We will have some news coming out about that in the near future.
Robert G. Goldstein: Robin, also, I think in respect to your comment about City Center, two thoughts. One is what I saw in [inaudible] street condos is you - not condo hotel, so we're a lot less than their 3,000 plus. Two, even at their current booking we hear their current sales pace - we'd be sold out in about 15 months with our inventory of 420 units. And lastly, I think the unique positioning of this property, where it sits between Venetian and the Palazzo, the amenity package, the views, I think it's pretty extraordinary compared to everything else. I don't think we'll have a lot of resistance. And lastly, if we priced this thing even at the low levels that some of the [inaudible] price went out at, we still have a very, very large profit margin based on our construction costs.  We feel very optimistic. In the worst case, looking at MGM's numbers, we'll see this thing out in 18 months. 
Brad Stone: I think the other thing to point out is the wide variety of products down at City Center. This is more analogous to the Mandarin Oriental project at City Center, and that sold out extremely well.
Robert G. Goldstein: Yes, it did very well.
Sheldon Adelson: So, listen, we already had our first order. My wife called me up and said that she wants an entire floor.
Robert G. Goldstein: We're charging the full size.
Sheldon Adelson: And I'm going to pay full price, but I don't want an entire floor because I'll [inaudible] around in it. So I've got to convince her to take maybe half a floor. So we'll be the first buyer at a retail price.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs:  Maybe you could talk about the retail trends, the sales per square foot, in Macau, how that's working out, leasing pace for the rest of Macau on the retail side. And then, you know, you've said that July was pretty good or it continued to show strength. Any impact of any visa restrictions or expectations of tightening visa restrictions, what the impact would be?
Sheldon Adelson: The impact of the visa restrictions have been compensated for by our own Cotai Jet ferry service and the increase of participation on the jet. So if there is any loss, we can't detect it at the Venetian. So, I mean, we just had two days on this past weekend, each day was over 100,000. One was 101,000, one was 104,000. Our increase in availability of seats on the ferry, on the Cotai water jet ferry service has manifested itself in substantially increased weekday and weekend attendance. So if there is an impact from the [inaudible], we're not - we can't see it. Now there may be. I'm just saying that we can't see it because our attendance is compensated for by some other factors.
Bill Weidner: I just want to make sure that we're addressing the question. The question was retail sales per square foot, was it not?
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: Yeah, that was it.
Sheldon Adelson: I don't have that answer. But he talked about retail attendance.
Bill Weidner: Well, we know that attendance overall is up 28%, 29% month-on-month. We know retail sales is up about 12%, 14% approximately month-on-month. So there's a tracking. And the key thing here, the most important indicator I think is slot revenues. Probably the direct line is much better drawn between people coming into the building and then increase in slot revenues. It's just steadily increasing as more and more visitation comes. Now we're going to convert more of that traffic to more mass table play as we focus more on the incentive programs and we can identify our high-quality people on the ferries, but the foot traffic looks to be almost directly measurable to slot income. Our income's per unit and our overall slot income is growing dramatically as foot traffic increases.
Brad Stone: And we see residual benefits in sales in the mall, also.
Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs: The sales in the malls, has that impacted the leasing out pace for five and six?
Robert G. Goldstein: The quality - if you've seen the Four Seasons offerings in Macau, I think what it does is round out the luxury component of our overall mall. I think the Venetian's wonderful and it's got all the gondolas, etc., but I think the luxury offerings and [inaudible] guys, clearly they've done some outstanding numbers. I think some of the stores, like Hermes and Chanel, etc., are going to give us an offering we don't heretofore have at the Venetian. I think it's going to impact sales overall per square foot. It's going to help leasing in the future, parts of retail, but also it's going to drive just overall demand for that Cotai Strip on the retail side. I think it's really extraordinary what the Four Seasons has to offer.
Bill Weidner: I think also I would weigh in that, you know, when you master plan these projects and they do them piece by piece, you know, the Four Seasons always was the upscale product against the upscale end of the marketplace, whether that's the VIP casino market, whether that's the high end leisure traveler, or whether it's the retail.  And so we opened the Venetian, we're very pleased with the Venetian. The Venetian is what it is, and the way that it was planned. It's a mass product, a high-end mass product. It's got arenas, it's got showrooms, it's got meeting space, it's got all suite rooms, but the intention always was to have your VIP market and your high-end market focused on the Four Seasons and the Venetian being the more mass and meeting product. So, you know, we're looking forward to the completion, the first real piece of the overall Strip, and the ability to focus on market segments that we haven't had product - or at least ideal product - to attract.
Brad Stone: You can insert Cirque into that mix as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities.
William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities:  I have a few. I'll fire them off real quickly in deference to the time. One, I guess, for Rob, is it possible to give us a sense for Venetian Las Vegas handle and drop, you know, percentage delta?
Robert G. Goldstein: Sure. Let me pull my notes. You're talking - are you looking at tables and slots?
William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities: Yes, just to get a sense for volumes.
Robert G. Goldstein: Second quarter in Las Vegas at the Venetian, slot volume was about $500 million versus $562 last year. Win was down a few points due to the hold percentage on the slot. Win per unit per day down to 182 from 227. Obviously, an impact on the new offerings at Palazzo. Palazzo, I think, is starting to prove to be a very, you know, powerful slot player in terms of the quality of product and the room product. There's been [inaudible] however cumulative, we're heading for our best month ever in July. Very candidly, Bill, we've used the - [decline a few points back if we see that there's some slot rooms, it's the] slot players that's driving those occupancy in slot win. And we're hoping to see, you know, the two of these things get to the point where they can get to $60, $65 million a quarter together and work in tandem because the slot offerings are different. The product is different.  On the table side it's not as dramatic. I think the table side, Q2, total drop was in the, let's see, Venetian side, $215 down from $280 previously year. A lot of that kind of baccarat year-to-year. Obviously, again, the Palazzo's had an impact, where you have newer suite product and a newer casino floor.  I think you have to look at these properties at some point as working together, both slot and [inaudible] trading, you know, more amenities, more things to do, more places to gamble, getting a nice bounce back in both slot and table from customers who, you know, might play at Palazzo and then decide they're not lucky or they want to go and try something different, and rather than leave the building they go over to Venetian. So although it's definitely been some cannibalization, I think we're going to see some - especially in the second quarter and into the third quarter, some nice synergies working together in the gaming side.
William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities: And then, Bill, you talked about $40 to $60 million - actually now $70 to $90 million, I should say, in cost saves in Vegas between the two properties, and then you talked about, I think, $60 to $70 million in cost saves in Macau going forward. I guess the question is: How much of that flows through? I mean, is that sort of 80% margin or is there some revenue impact of some of those cuts?
Bill Weidner: Rob, do you want to deal with that?
Robert G. Goldstein: Well, obviously there's going to always be some revenue risk. The goal is cut the fat and not the muscle. But I think we're trying - obviously, we're not going to do layoffs here. That's not in the vocabulary. The idea is cost containment through, you know, on the labor side, through freezes. We have a hiring freeze in place currently. It is downsizing some hours of some things we think we can do without off hours.  It's just being more judicious in our spending and paying attention to every corner of the building. This is a big building. There's 10,000 restaurant seats. There's 7,000 plus rooms. There's a lot goes on here. We're just trying very hard to be really, really focused on every area we can save money, from the package center to the purchasing to our, you know, our light bills, etc.  How much it flows through, I would not want to venture a guess, but I think at the Venetian, Palazzo it's going to be important. I don't want to put a percentage on that yet. We're still measuring how far we can get. We started this back in April, but obviously if you can reduce the headcount through attrition and if you can watch your spending, the flow-through's going to be dramatic if you can, again, avoid the muscle and just deal with the fat.
Brad Stone: And in Macau, the majority of it goes right to the operating line. We're not talking about cutting back on the marketing programs. Most of the costs we've identified are costs associated with labor. Certainly the opening of the Four Seasons gives us an opportunity to take care of some of our labor sins at the current facility and, again, without layoffs and things, moving people, reassigning them to that property opened.  You will see some additional spending at the Venetian in terms of some of the mass play, but we think that that's going to return itself in spades in terms of revenues and drive and grow our EBITDA. So the [inaudible] costs that Bill identified in his presentation in Macau were primarily driven to affect totally the bottom line.
William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities: And last one, hey, Scott, when you've talked in the past or we've talked in the past, you guys have intimated that you needed an incremental $3 to $4 billion U.S. to build out the next 24 months in Cotai. And then as I do the back of the envelope for the $5.25 billion that you're saying you'll raise, which includes, obviously, a refi, you get to obviously a $2 billion incremental number to build out Cotai. So where's the - did something change? Is there sort of an apples and orange or did I miss something on the accordion feature, or where am I making - 
Sheldon Adelson: The accordion feature is in addition to that [inaudible] for the quarter.
William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, so that's the spread then?
Scott Henry:  That doesn't get us all the way there, Bill, but - 
Sheldon Adelson:  It gets us to the point that we operated five and - the manner in which we did five and six. We did the ground work. We did the foundations, the pilings, etc. We got it out of the ground, and now here we are refinancing it. And that's the way it'll - with seven and eight. 
William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities: So all this - 
Sheldon Adelson: The accordion feature allows us to continue seamlessly.
William Lerner - Deutsche Bank Securities: Yes. So basically all this concern out there that you need to raise $7 billion and obviously all the - the whole Cotai story's been backed out of your valuation, you know, the way to kind of think about that now perhaps is you can actually achieve what the market's not at all paying for by raising $2 billion. And once you're open there, the accordion feature's already part of the story, and you move forward. I mean, is that kind of - 
Sheldon Adelson: Yes. But - generally. Let me say that one, there's no surety we're going to have the approval this week. However, I have reason to be optimistic - I just want to clarify; I can't guarantee it - that we will have an approval to move forward on seven and eight imminently. That's item one. Item two, we are and we need some time to do some redesign, particularly structurally, because the cost of these buildings, that are very long, have to be redesigned structurally so that we can - they act like a sail, so what we have to do is cut up the big sail and cut the sail into several pieces so that it'll diminish the need for a substantial cost increase based upon structural requirements. Brad can address that better. But conjecturally, I think that's where we are.  So, as I said, nothing fundamentally has changed in this company. And those people who thought that we wanted to go on and get - what am I borrowing money for when I'm going to have a negative carry, you know, for another few months? If we've got an accordion feature that we can pick up another billion dollars as time moves on, then what's the rush?  I mean, I want to open it as quickly as humanly possible. We've got to get over two things. One is the permitting, one is the redesign. And both of those at best will take at least a quarter.
Brad Stone: The realities are, you know, the spend at the beginning of the project, these construction projects, is very slow. I mean, you're sitting there drilling holes and pouring concrete for months and months and months. It's not until you start getting out of the ground that you start accelerating your spending. So there's no need to go out and raise this kind of money, you know, we're not going to need for us to get that money until, you know, latter, you know, second part of next year.
Sheldon Adelson: Somebody asked about square footage sales. If you listen carefully to the numbers that the average rent, U.S. per square foot that we're booking in Singapore will indicate also - I mean, I wanted to get that plug in - the issue that we're doing there, that the rents that these people are willing to pay as base rents are absolutely extraordinary. And they certainly indicate that they expect to do a high level of gross volume to justify these high minimum rents. We expect that our mall in Singapore, the Marina Bay Sands, will be considered probably the most successful, the most profitable mall ever.  Now that having been said, I also want to address another thing that somebody talked about, about the slot win in Venetian. It is ramping up, it continues to ramp up very handsomely. And what I want to say is that when we first started in Macau and started to do our planning in '02, everybody said that the Chinese people will not take to slot machines. Well, if that's the case we must have done something. We've got the Rumpelstiltskin touch. If I could tell you that the Venetian Macau is already ramped up to the point where the monthly income on slots is higher than the monthly income at the Venetian. That's been open for nine years. So it is true the Chinese will play and will learn to play more and that they like it. And we're doing very well on the slots. So the absolute dollar income is more than, on a monthly basis, than we've been experiencing and have experienced with the Venetian Las Vegas. 
Bill Weidner: And with that, I think that ends our conference call for this quarter. I didn't realize until Sheldon educated me that Rumpelstiltskin was a Chinese guy.
Sheldon Adelson: What can I say?
Bill Weidner: We appreciate your attention, and it was a long call. 
Sheldon Adelson: He ate Chinese food.
Bill Weidner: It was a long call. We had a lot to explain and a lot to go over, and we appreciate your patience and look forward to updating you again at our next quarterly call.  With that, thank you very much, and we'll talk to you again next quarter.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Las Vegas Sands First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Katie and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants will be in a listen only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) I would like to now turn the call over to your host for today Mr. Bill Weidner. Sir you may proceed.
Bill Weidner: And that concludes our first quarter, no hold it, I'm sorry. I have to say good afternoon to you all and thank you all for putting up with the technical difficulties that we experienced today. On the call with me today partially perhaps the callers of this would be folks that are calling from further away. Mr. Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman is here and he is on the east coast connected in. Executive Vice President, Brad Stone is here. Brad Stone, is calling us from Macao. Rob Goldstein is here, the President of The Venetian and The Palazzo. Scott Henry is here; Bob Rozek, our Chief Financial Officer; Dan Briggs, our VP of Investor Relations. Before we begin today, I need to remind you that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements that we're making under the Safe Harbor Provisions of Federal Securities Laws. I would also like to caution you that the company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption Forward-looking Statements for a discussion of the risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income, adjusted EPS, and adjusted property EBITDAR, which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and the reconciliation of each of these measures to the most complete GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. By now, you should have all received our press release detailing our financial results for the first quarter of 2008. Our agenda today calls for as follows: I will begin with some summary observations and spend a few minutes on Las Vegas. From there we will turn our attention to Macao and address some of the recent developments there as well as the actions we have implemented as the market evolves and The Venetian enters into its eight month of operations. I will then make some closing remarks including some comments on our opportunities in Singapore and then we will move on to your questions. In Las Vegas, at The Venetian, we delivered a very solid performance throughout the property in a challenging economic environment a testament to our convention based strategy. We soft opened The Palazzo in late December and its results have steadily ramped up as we spent the first quarter completing and introducing additional amenities to the property, with a grand opening of our entertainment offering this weekend the Broadway hit Jersey Boys on Saturday night. We were near completion of the product set at The Palazzo. Turning to hotel operations, our hotel average daily rate and REVPAR statistics were solid, although less than we would have liked reflecting the conscious decision we made during 2007 to increase our allocation of rooms to the FIT marketplace in 2008. We've been able to respond somewhat to the softer FIT market by booking our group rooms. We did pay the price for that FIT exposure in the first quarter with lower occupancy than we had actually planned. Looking at the two properties as a whole, first quarter gaming volumes were up across the board reflecting our now significantly larger asset base in Las Vegas. We've also seen a steady ramp particular in slot play throughout the quarter and into April as The Palazzo gaming business has continued to build as more of its features, including some of our high end suites have now come on line. With The Palazzo now open for extending our successful convention based business model to a far larger 7,100 room's asset base. Now with the largest destination resort in the world nearly complete we are enthused about that fact. Hope to perform well in what is a challenging current marketplace, as well the future as Las Vegas can inevitably recovers. Let's now turn to Asia, our progress in establishing the Cotai Strip in Macao as Asia's Las Vegas continues and our development of the Marina Bay Sands in Singapore is also progressing. At The Venetian Macao compared to quarter ended December 31, of last year, our visitation remained strong, our mass gaming business grew while our hotel rate and occupancy statistics remained solid. There were two developments in the quarter in particular, which we want to address. First is that we lost significant amounts of market share of the VIP business, as a result of that loss in market share our EBITDA decreased by $8 million sequentially to $110 million for the quarter ended March 31 compared to $118 million in EBITDAR in the quarter ended December 31. It's clearly an unsatisfactory result. We've now take actions to remediate our VIP market share loss. The second item we're in particular discussion in the quarter, though we have not yet been able to get our ferry service approved to run on a 24 hour basis, and at 30 minute sailing frequencies. But before, we will discuss those two important developments and our results in greater detail. We wanted to try to put the current state of market into a larger context by addressing the recent statements by Chief Executive, Edmund Ho, considering the new government policies that will guide the future of Macao's gaming industry. There is clearly much we do not know today about how these rules ultimately be put in place. But looking at the big picture, we do believe there are some likely outcomes that will positively impact Macao's future, as a destination, and more importantly our position vis-à-vis that future itself. First it seems very clear that no additional concessions beyond the current six, three licenses, and three low sublicenses, will be granted for the foreseeable future, that's something that is not at all a surprise. Secondly and clearly more importantly, it appears that no more applications for casinos will be allowed to be filed, no more landfill province for the development of casinos will be accepted, no more additional casino construction beyond what is already been agreed to by the government will be allowed, and no current casinos will be allowed to increase their gaming capacity. We'll need to see how this is interpreted and enforced, but this policy has potential to significantly limit the addition of new VIP halls, gaming tables and slot machines. It's also possible that only those developments that are consistent with the evolution of Macao, into a multi-faceted business, to leisure destination will be approved. We understand that the current pipeline of projects under construction, approved or under discussion with the government will not be affected. Francis Tam, the Secretary for Economy and Finance for Macao, was quoted in the Macao Daily Post on April 24, that and I quote, total casinos will not exceed 40, with Coati not surpassing a total of 10. The secretary Tam's comments reflect the government's view; this will be pretty interesting, considering that there are 29 casinos operating Macao today. These pronouncements are quantifiable and measurable, and provide a clear backstop to future supply growth. Third and again depending upon enforcement, the item with the greatest impact on current gaming operations is the introduction of rules, to control junket room operators, licensing requirements, and junket commissions, as well as the cons for review of the current VIP room service contracts, which are effectively, sub casino licenses. We will stay acutely attuned to these developments, and react swiftly and appropriately to their effect. In a long-term the phenomenal growth of visitation and gaming win, as a whole, first quarter visitation up 18%, gaming went up 66%, the big piece of that driven by VIP wins at 79%. But more importantly for the future, mass market table wins were up 40%, with slot wins of 85%. These gross statistics a test of the depth of the market has new high quality destination style products added to the market place. This growing demand coupled with supply limitation backstop, that is the stated objective of Macao authorities, bodes well for the long-term prospects of our strategy. With a critical mass of superior complete destination supply on Coati, that will drive that growing demand and allow us to provide superior returns on the dollars we put to work in Macao. So, okay, that's 30,000 foot amplitude big picture, but what about today, our managing space market in light of both the dynamic nature of the market in general, and Macao's government's recent declarations. First, let me address our approach to the VIP market. We certainly look forward to seeing how Macao's authorities proposed new junket up commission rules will be implemented. Successful implementation and enforcement of these actions could both limit the number of license representatives at the marketplace, plus limiting their ability to the smaller sub-unlicensed facility, and limit the number of VIP room casinos they operate in themselves. While we clearly support these actions by government, and believe they are consistent with the development of Macao as a more well-round tourist destination, we will not wait to see how this story develops. Today, we've already responded and adjusted our commission rates to be more competitive in the VIP marketplace, with two principal objectives. One, growing our VIP market share and two, increasing our cash flow generated from this portion of our business. As government actions are sorted out, we'll react quickly to any actions that the government ultimately adopts. I would also point out that credit is also a very important part of the VIP picture. Historically, we've taken a conservative approach to our granting credit both to junket operators and individuals in the marketplace. But in the future, we'll begin to expand the amount of credit we are granting and continue to do so in a judicious way. Second, let me address the critical element of building our mass gaining business for The Venetian Macao, our ferry service. We'll continue to press to achieve full operations, meaning 24 hour per day, seven day a week service, as well as more frequent service for our CotaiJets ferry service. We've already completed the trials required to achieve approvals to operate at night and have the equipment to operate on a 30 minute frequency to the Coati. And we continue to await a formal berth assignment approval from the Hong Kong Transportation Bureau. We already have enough ferries in our fleet. We will not be able to sail at night nor will be able to increase our frequency of service without moving from the Hong Kong authorities, to allocate our requested berthing slots. This is particularly frustrating to us as we've been given assurances by the Hong Kong authorities in advance of completing our Ferry manufacturing orders that more than sufficient slip in berthing capacity existed at the Shun Tak Ferry Terminal in Hong Kong and that capacity would be made available for us as our boats were delivered. We understand there is plenty of berth and slot capacities available, but to our dismay the requisite frills of the Hong Kong authorities have not to date been received. We look forward to increasing our sailing hours and sailing frequencies as soon as the Hong Kong authorities provide the requisite approvals. We'll be able to achieve a good frequency of service that's half hour frequency immediately upon the granting of berthing availability from the Hong Kong authorities. Additional ferry's that will be delivered in the coming months will allow us to provide optimal frequency of service as one sailing every 15 minutes to the Cotai Strip by August of this year. Ferry services affect every segment of our Venetian Macao facility. The IP from regional and international markets with linkages to Hong Kong and Hong Kong airport have tables and slots particularly high repeat convenience by Hong Kong mass players. FIT rooms business, meetings and conventions, and trade shows for the convenience of delegate access, arena events, shopper convenience for retails sales and on and on. All are critical for maximizing the synergies of our integrated results. Particularly important is we had more reasons to come to Cotai directly. The Four Seasons and the upscale shopping brands and the Four Seasons mall to be opened this summer. Third, let me spend a moment on pacing our development activities. At this point it’s clear that the pace of approvals for development activities throughout Macao have slowed. Looking ahead we anticipate some additional near term slowdown as the government sorts it all out. We'll do everything in our control to pursue our announced developments as aggressively as possible and we anticipate that pace will pick up as the (inaudible) long incident reaches resolution. Fourth and most importantly we will focus more directly on profitability from the current operations in the near term. We have staff for break neck growth to be ready for multiple openings one after another; for example, the staff at the casino with the Four Seasons property without any additional headcount. We can operate our current facilities; The Sands Macao, The Venetian Macao more efficiently. Brad Stone is in Macao now heading up a swap team to rationalize operations. As we prepare for and open the Four Seasons. Rob Goldstein will be -- will focus on the evolving VIP market and direct customer marketing environment in Macao. As he will be there next week as well I. We can and we will execute better in the near term. Our six factors of success measurement are still in place. Despite our inability to hold market share without responding to competitive jumping in commission pressures and the fact we have only partial ferry service in the first quarter. Nearly, 14 million visitors have experienced the Venetian Macao's since it opened approximately eight months ago. Our top performance is solid with ADR reaching $232 for the quarter, Occupancy reaching 78.6% and REVPAR reaching $183. Our entertainment offerings to-date have worked. The opening of Cirque's 'Cosmos', in a custom built theater at the Venetian Macao this summer. And appearances by team USA as they prepare for the Olympics will expand our entertainment offerings further. Our group meetings and convention business after a strong start continue to grow. The business is seasonal. So there are natural weaker and stronger periods of the months. But overall the trajectory is positive. Retail sales figures of The Grand Canal Shoppes, with more stores opening all overtime and retail sales per square foot on average exceeding $700 today. More visitation and ferry service is set to drive those numbers higher in the future. Our retail operating is a clear success. Gaming volumes, well in the VIP market we certainly had a robust. We will be more competitive with commissions going forward and we'll grant more credit on a judicious basis. We expect to grow our share of this business and our cash flow. Our mass gaming volumes have been solid, clearly the largest in the Macao marketplace reflecting the acceptance and appeal of Venetian Macao. We can squeeze more profitability from this robust base and we will. So what will drive our performance in the near-term? Besides executing better on operating efficiencies as we opened the Four Seasons, the most important development would be for more frequent CotaiJet ferry service from Hong Kong harbor to the ferry terminal at the foot of Cotai Strip, followed by direct service from Hong Kong international airport. These services will enable increases of visitation to Macao actually the Cotai to Macao and the Cotai Strip. And a more satisfying customer experience and more convincing for shoppers, arena and events attendees, convention and tradeshow delegates and others. Second, the opening of the Four Season in Macao this summer, with the upscale shops of the Four Seasons mall will create more traffic to the Cotai Strip. Third, competitive fairy service to drive the mass business. Now not to give Singapore a short shrift, because of the dramatic care announcement of the Macao government dominating the news. I want to say that our Singapore construction continues at pace despite challenging site conditions. Singapore set a new record for visitors in March with 908,000 with the average length of stay of 3.7 days representing 3.4 million visitors night in March alone. 98,000 of those visitors were from mainland China, second only to Indonesia's 155,000. Average daily rate was up 23% year-over-year to over $160, occupancy was 87% of Singapore nearly 40,000 rooms and service departments. We continue to believe, we have a tremendous opportunity in Singapore and we continue to execute there. So that includes the highlights. But before we go to Q&A, I'll make a few concluding thoughts. First, in Las Vegas, The Venetian's performing well in a weaker Las Vegas market overall, and the Palazzo continues to ramp up to full power. On the Macao Peninsula, the Sands includes or continues to be the resilient market leader of mass gaming volumes on the Peninsula, despite the very large increase of high quality competitive capacity, both compared to the same quarter last year and sequentially. We'll continue to work to capture more VIP play and additional operating efficiencies and focus on maximizing the Sand's market leading cash-on-cash-returns. Finally on the Coati Strips, we'll rationalize more efficient operations of the various profit centers at The Venetian Macao, rooms, retail, entertainment, events, conventions, trade shows, VIP table business, mass table business, and slot. And capture synergies among them, as we continue to grow our revenues. We'll also complete the four seasons this summer, and continue to construct other operating or the reigning properties on the Coati Strip. By the end of 2009, there will be nearly 15,000 international standard rooms on Coati, more than four times as many as the Macao Peninsula has today. For the bulk of the Peninsula investment now in place, the focus of future development will be on Coati. Those factors together with the strong market growth and with supply being backstop by government degree, combined with expanded infrastructure improvements, including additional ferry service, made a pretty compelling pictures for the future of our, Coati investments. We remain confident, that the execution of our plans will lead to superior returns for our shareholders, as we focus more particularly on the near term, and executing on our operations that are currently in place. With that, I will open the lines for your questions and answers now.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)
Dan Briggs: Operator, can we go to questions now.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Larry Klatzkin from Jefferies. Please proceed.
Bill Weidner: Hello, Klatzin.
Larry Klatzkin: I don't know. And now we can hear the music there. One thing I noticed the walk at the Sand Macao was bad, what would you guys says how fair the walk was?
Bill Weidner: Thanks.
Larry Klatzkin: Can you guys hear me?
Operator: Larry your line is open.
Larry Klatzkin: I'm talking. Okay, better. Can you guys hear me?
Bill Weidner: Operator, maybe we can go the next question.
Operator: Okay.
Larry Klatzkin: Hello.
Dan Briggs: We're talking to, Larry.
Larry Klatzkin: Could you hear me? Can you guys hear me?
Dan Briggs: We'll call back to you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Felicia Hendrix from Lehman Brothers. Please proceed.
Felicia Hendrix -Lehman Brothers: Hi guys. Can you hear me, hello, hello operator?
Bill Weidner: I guess everybody is shy.
Felicia Hendrix -Lehman Brothers: No, hello, operator.
Dan Briggs: This company is (inaudible) our entire conference call.
Bill Weidner: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Hardik from Wachovia Securities. Please proceed.
Bill Weidner: Operator, it's not working.
Dan Briggs: Operator, we can't hear any of their questions. Hello, Operator.
Operator: Joe, you are in the conference, you may proceed with your question please.
Bill Weidner: Operator, can you hear me?
Operator: Yes. I can hear you, sir.
Bill Weidner: We cannot hear their questions. Can you hear their questions?
Operator: I have, Joe in the queue. Joe, if you can hear us, you can go ahead and speak. Your line is open.
Bill Weidner: Operator, it doesn't work.
Operator: One moment, sir, please. Ladies and gentlemen, please standby for one moment.
Operator: Joe, if you are in the queue, you may go ahead with your question.
Operator: Felicia?
Felicia Hendrix: Yes.
Operator: Your line is also open. You may go ahead with your question please.
Bill Weidner: Felicia.
Felicia Hendrix: Hi.
Bill Weidner: Hello there, finally.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay.
Bill Weidner: Did Felicia beat out, Larry.
Felicia Hendrix: Well in deference to Larry, operator, should put, Larry in next. This has been fun, so its fun every quarter with you guys. Okay. You mentioned that you were going to explore or starting to grants credit. I was wondering, if you sort through, I'm sure you're thought it through. But if you want to share with us perhaps what percentage of your overall business you might carve out to the overall VIP business, you might want to carve out to grant credit to?
Bill Weidner: We're just talking about that with Brad want me to go back. Can you hear the question so far?
Brad Stone: Yeah, I heard it. I think Felecia it's not a matter of a percentage, it's a matter of decision to make sense. I think we'd be challenging our people over here, certainly we have a strong base of Asian business that we've granted to in our Las Vegas operation. We’ve established certain credit lines, we are going to review those lines and I think it's really a balance we were on a call the other day. We were talking about our provision for bad debts, is basically non-existent here in Macao. And it's almost like a bank that doesn't have a few bad loans they are probably out lending enough money. So, we are going to go through that, I mean as Bill said we are going to be cautious about it. We have expanded credit to our junket reps and as we've talked in the past we have done somewhat collateralized by the commissions we owe them. We are going to look at that as well and probably extend more credits to the junket reps themselves those who have performed well. So we don't have a target, the target is to issue as much quality credit as we can to attract particularly the premium customer directly to our property and certainly continue to support the junket reps in their endeavors as well. So to say we have percentages is probably not, we haven’t established that, but we are going to look at those barriers that we've had in terms of extending credit here.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay and then on the same line of addressing your VIP share, we've heard and you've implied in the past that the Four Seasons could be an all VIP property. I was wondering if you wanted to address that and then I had some follow-on's?
Brad Stone: I guess you know it's interesting we are finding that we are going to have two different types of experience for the VIP customer here in the Macao very shortly; one is the big property Venetian experience which includes obviously showing Dion shows, lots of restaurant, shopping and entertainment options, a lot of variety of room product. We're also finding a desire on the VIP market for a smaller and more boutique hotel experience and certainly The Venetian, The Palazzo and Four Seasons allows that opportunity for us. There is and the plans for the property are that we will have a ground floor for premium player area, which is designated for customers directly marketed by Las Vegas Sands and Venetian Macao limited here. We will end up more than likely with two floors of junket rooms above those, because we are seeing a real desire by our junket reps to have a presence at the Four Seasons itself. And then later on, at the end of this year we are opening 19 really luxurious apartments with their own casino. Each suite actually has their own casino gaming room, as well as restaurant kind of reminiscent of what you would see in London, in terms of the type of experience and similar way to what The Mansion provided in Las Vegas for its customers. So, there is certainly going to be an emphasis on product and we're hearing from the market itself that there is a strong desire for a Four Season's type of product to round out our initial offerings here in at the Cotai Strip.
Felicia Hendrix: And is that still on schedule to open in June?
Brad Stone: We're looking at a July opening right now, Felicia.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay.
Brad Stone: Sometime in the third quarter, I guess, the key there is the shops are progressing well at the Four Seasons. The property is a gorgeous property. We want to make sure that this property is opened properly and as a Four Seasons would be and so we're focusing on an early third quarter opening.
Felicia Hendrix: Okay and then just finally. I'm just moving to Las Vegas during the quarter, as you were having meetings, you kind of mentioned that the overall property now with the increase of 70% in terms of room base, conference bookings at the time your talking about were only up about 25% to 27%. I was wondering if you could tell us in the quarter how that was and then just looking forward how your conference and convention business is looking?
Brad Stone: Okay, I am not sure I quite urged that. What we've done actually at The Venetian and The Palazzo is the group bookings are really a combination of both properties really don't say group bookings at The Palazzo versus The Venetian, it's a total. We have done recently because of the better known name of The Venetian as we launched The Palazzo product. As we have moved significant number of group room nights that we originally booked let's say in The Venetian product over to The Palazzo and back filled The Venetian with FIT business because quite frankly we get a higher call volume per room on The Venetian, because it's a well established product and that's kind of a short-term strategy. Certainly we're aggressively out there in a more than competitive environment right now economically, aggressively booking the group business and we may have some statistics there I don’t happen to have them here in Macao.
Rob Goldstein: Brad, let's just explain the April numbers perhaps give the indication we're going. April both slots of The Venetian are above 95% and an ADR excess 245. So booking are trending upward slots are filling up. As the property ramps up, I think we get stronger. Obviously as Brad alluded to the economic conditions in Las Vegas have been difficult in first quarter, but they are improving and as always the first segment to improve and to grow is the group segment, which is our strength and we'll keep playing with that strength.
Sheldon Adelson: Rob, this is Sheldon.
Rob Goldstein: Hi, Sheldon.
Sheldon Adelson: I talked to our VP of sales just before the call when he said that. We are up 110,000 rooms in forward bookings for the seven month balance of the year, a bit to last year.
Rob Goldstein: Yes.
Felicia Hendrix: That answers my question. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Klatzkin from Jeffries. Sir, you may proceed.
Larry Klatzkin: All right, call's better. Couple of questions. One, just a quick housekeeping, it looks like you had some bad [rock] at Sands Macao. Could you guys quantify what that cost you?
Scott Henry: Are you talking about the normalization, Larry?
Larry Klatzkin: Yeah.
Scott Henry: Yeah. At the Sands Macao, it's a little bit more complicated to calculate that now because of the two different programs we operate at the VIP level. But if you go back and look at the way we do, we do it where we hold win constant, then we also do it where we hold the ruling volume pass it and the mid-point of that range is probably around $7 million or $8 million of the Sands.
Larry Klatzkin: All right. Second thing is I know everybody is running this you guys may not give it. But could you give a breakout of net revenues and EBITDA for the Palazzo?
Scott Henry: We can talk EBITDA, I mean, I think I don't...
Larry Klatzkin: EBITDA will be good.
Bob Rozek: Just under $20 million Larry, for the quarter.
Larry Klatzkin: Okay, okay.
Scott Henry: Keep in mind, we opened on January 17, with 44,000 that's off the books and obviously it was a work in progress.
Larry Klatzkin: All right, that's fair. As far as timing of the future projects and the budgets for everything, perhaps can do usually go through that or is that possible?
Brad Stone: Yes, no, I can take you through I mean we've mentioned the Four Seasons property opening early in the third quarter. The budget on that is intact, as we discussed on the investors day. Sites five and six, continue to move towards their spring of the first phase of spring of '09 opening for the Shangri La traders and first Sheridan Tower and again with the second Sheridan Tower and the St. Regis, and St. Regis, apartment is opening towards the end of the year. Again that project is roughly in the same budgetary state. It's seems to be tracking on very well. Sites 7A and site 3, as Bill mentioned in the conference call. We are ready to start work on site 7and 8. We have the rigs there. We have just been frustrated because of the some challenges within the government, based upon the scandal that happened here in an area that related to the Public Works Department. And there has definitely been a slowing in the pace throughout Macao of approvals. And so we're anxiously waiting to get through that. And again that's a project whose budget is still work in progress, as we go through, and really take the conceptual design and work on pricing it. So we really don't have any reports specifically on that project. And on site three, it's very similar site three is somewhat behind seven and eight. And we have filings in for all this projects with the government and again we are just waiting for the government to write itself in such a way that we can get a more normal development cycle. In Singapore, that project is progressing very well. I was there about a week an half ago, and spend some time on the site. If you look at pictures of it, yet one has to realize that there was actually several floors underground. We are coming out of the ground with the towers now. We have a very aggressive goal of the end of next year in the fourth quarter of '09. We are working basically 24x7 on that project, where we're allowed with the government. And I mean that's just a fantastic project. We're still in the range that, we've been talking about in the $4.5 billion, $4.6 billion range, including land and all end costs on that project. Bethlehem is progressing nicely. Steel is being erected very aggressively, now. Our goal is to get that open by the third quarter of next year. And again that project is consistent budgetary with what we expressed in the investor conference Day, back in February. I think that's the main projects that we've discussed. Though the Condo tower is also moving along nicely and again that's currently on the same budget we discussed at the investor day.
Larry Klatzkin: Okay. So everything is now third quarter '09?
Sheldon Adelson: Yeah.
Larry Klatzkin: Okay. And then, the next question, we wanted to talk in Condos, Four Seasons unit sales, when do we start to see those?
Sheldon Adelson: It's a complicated process here, and we've met some resistance shall we say, in Macao, in terms of the sale of the units. I don't want to get into too many details here at this point. We have plans to move forward. I think the primary issue we are having there in Macao is, having those that have invested interest in real estate to understand, we're not selling residences here. We're selling, what we call vacation suites. We don't want to just sell real estate and pick up dollars, although that's a nice thing to do. We want to sell reasons for people to visit. We want our cake and eat it too. We want people to pay us a lot of money for these residences that they use when they come to visit. We don't want a residential tower. We want units that wealthy people buy, so they have their own place on the Coati Strip, similar to the market that we're focusing on here in Las Vegas. We want that tower not to be quote unquote residences per say. We want them to be residences for wealthy people that want their own place on the Strip. So they pay us, and they make an investment, and they expect to make money on that investment, when and if they decide to sell it. But in the mean time they come and visit three times a year, eight times a year, seven times a year or whatever number of times a year to have their own residents on the strip. It's exactly the same intentions in Macao, it is that the local market guys who sell real estate don’t get. So we're working our way through and we are comfortable we will find a resolution.
Larry Klatzkin: All right last question would be how is the mall going in Macao would kind of average retail rate you are seeing and how far you long in renting a step out?
Sheldon Adelson: Larry, can you hear me.
Larry Klatzkin: Yes, I can hear you.
Sheldon Adelson: Yeah, this is Sheldon. Latest time I talked with our President of Asia over there, I talked to him last night out there and I'm on the East Coast right now, until tomorrow. And I am told that there was a separate committee that was formed by the Macao government and the committee decided, there is no guarantees on this, but it appears as though they wanted to take a different approach and called it something else other than residential. But they concluded the only approach they can that everybody can be happy with is a co-op approach, like the New York where people buy in to the shares of company with a right to use a particular apartment. So, without any guarantees it sounds more encouraging that we will be allowed if it goes through in the near future to move the property in to a separate condo regime and be able to sell co-op interests.
Larry Klatzkin: You still think 2000 a foot makes sense?
Sheldon Adelson: We have no reason to believe that what we estimated in the past should be changed at this time. We stop taking orders at 100, stopped taking -- we didn't take orders, we took indications of interest. Sometime ago when we know it wasn’t, that we don’t want to get the interest to get stale, so we stop taking expressions or interest and I think we are going to startup again very soon.
Larry Klatzkin: Okay, great thanks Sheldon
Sheldon Adelson: Well hold a minute. Listen, one is our hope and the other is realism and in this case they could coincide.
Larry Klatzkin: Okay, well good luck with that and then on the retail what are we seeing on average rate and everything?
Bill Weidner: The rates that we've been talking that historically haven't changed with respect to minimum ramps. You noticed that we put for the first time in bill script that revenue or retail sales themselves are running north of 700 a foot on an average basis. Obviously you've got some high end retailers that are doing far, far in excess of that and then you've got, people in the pieces of the mall will benefit from more traffic that are doing south of that number. But we are pleased with the progress there.
Scott Henry: That's I am finding F&B.
Larry Klatzkin: Okay, which is much slower and then…
Sheldon Adelson: Which is much slow. I think in the future I would like to separate the F&B sales from the pure retail sales.
Larry Klatzkin: Well, thanks guys and Sheldon again with your change proposed changes in laws in Macao. How do you see the re-division of slots and tables, any comment on that?
Sheldon Adelson: It's too early to make any predictions. If you ask me what I'm wishing for when I fantasize like there we do solve the casinos back to eight or 10 and give it of all the VIP rooms that are operated independently. My fantasy is such, I mean when we first got involve in Macao. We were assured that it would take a couple of years to phase out the VIP rooms. That hasn't happened and they were a lot more independent casino's to open. And I think the announcement by Edmund Ho last week was a reaction to pressure he has gotten from both us and hopefully we don’t know for sure, because we are not that convinced about that kind of pressure. From the CLO, the Chinese Liaison Office, that the way the development was going was not what they originally intended for it to be. So, we are hoping that our goal is to turn a city of CD backwater gambling dens into a city of convention, business travel, and business and leisure travel, where the casino represent no more than 10% of the total amount of space. So, that I mean right now the biggest casino in the world that we have at The Venetian is only 5% of the total amount of space. So, I think we are getting a good, we are speaking to welcome ears. When we say that you have-to-have a -- we are suggesting you are going to have a certain percentage, certain ratio of exhibition space, convention center space, shopping space, et cetera, et cetera. And if you don't have that we are suggesting that the proportion of casino occupancy be reduced. So, it's too early Larry to tell what they are going to do and how fast they are going to do it, but it’s certainly a very good first step.
Larry Klatzkin: All right. Thanks guys.
Sheldon Adelson: Okay Larry.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of [Dustin Sevnti from Standard Pacific]. Please proceed.
Dustin Sevnti: Can you hear me?
Bill Weidner: Dustin, was that you?
Dan Briggs: Next guy.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Steve Kent from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Steve Kent: I will try. Can you just give us some comments on progress on financing for the Macao development. And also Brad you talked about some of the expenses specifically headcount, managing that in Macao. Can you talk about the relationship between keeping expenses in line versus just boosting more mass market revenue and where you're focusing? And in Vegas what can you do to reduce expenses on a go forward basis given the economic environment?
Scott Henry: You want me to go first Brad.
Brad Stone: Go ahead, I'm sorry.
Scott Henry: Right, on the financing front from Macao I think the message, Steve is the same that we delivered during our investor day is that, we intend to finance our needs for the Macao properties that are under construction and to be developed in an offshore transaction predominantly anchored by Asian banks, and other global banks that have a large operation and lending capacity in Asia, similar to what we did in Singapore. I've been having very active conversations with a number of our bigger banks, and even some of our medium and smaller sized banks and the level of interest, and level of enthusiasm there is actually quite good. Hopefully by the next quarter conference call, we'll be able to have more indicative direction in terms of the size to what that financing might be and what it may cost us.
Steven Kent: Okay.
Brad Stone: I'll go on now. As far as our opportunities in Macao, Steve, labor is certainly an opportunity for us. We want to take advantage of the opening in the Four Seasons to readjust our labor counts here at The Venetian Macao, and move people that have experience over there without disrupting the labor market here. We are very sensitive about that. And certainly the Four Seasons provides an opportunity to get ourselves more efficient here, and we will do that. There are other opportunities here in Macao, energy as a huge cost we are looking and focusing on areas like that. But the reality is I mean you're never going to save is way to success here in Macao. And our goal has to be the drive to correct our market share at The Venetian Macao on the VIP business. I think you'll see our efforts really start hopefully becoming evidence this month as discussions with junket reps and etcetera, do take, they can't move immediately. So month end is a time where people can shift some of that business. So we're hoping to see some of our more competitive moves on the VIP market start reflecting, truly in the month of May. And on the mass side, I mean, the good news is, we have tremendous amount of business here at the property. But it is the serving win. If you look at the fact that we have 2.5 times the size of the amount of visitation here at The Venetian than we do at our sister property at The Sands. And yet we're generating only about 15% more in mass line. So what are our goals there have to be to convert a lot of that traffic. Certainly, as Bill pointed out, we have significant upside in the ferry business, in terms of bringing people directly here. So our goals have to be twofold, one, translate more the visitation in the gaming win, drive more visitation to the gaming for itself, and adjusting our VIP commissions. So we drive both more revenue and more EBITDAR or cash flow out of that market. At the same time really addressing as we understand our business better now, and as we have opportunities like the Four Seasons to correct some of our structural issues as far as staffing and we'll do that. And I think you'll start seeing those translations later in this quarter, and going particularly into the third quarter. As far The Venetian Palazzo, I mean, I think we've always done a pretty good job there on managing costs. We told investors that we believe the synergies between the Palazzo and The Venetian would generate in the area of about $60 million of efficiencies compared to, if they are two separately operated entities. Our initial analysis of that shows that we're meeting that goal, so I think that as base restructure that we set up in terms of the overhead at The Venetian Palazzo in Las Vegas, will work. And as Rob said, as a property matures, and we get the product in place, we see an increase in occupancy and rate, as we've seen as Rob pointed out in April. I think we'll see the revenues dry, the majority of the EBITDA growth and that the cost structure is in fairly good shape. Of course, like any new property we'll learn more and we'll make adjustments accordingly. And so I usually don't make adjustments in the market like Las Vegas than it is necessary over here.
Steven Kent: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David [Faber] from Credit Suisse, please proceed.
David Faber: Questions have been answered; all my questions have been answered, thanks.
Dan Briggs: Thank you
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe [Carillon]. Sir, you may proceed.
Joe Carillon: Majority of the EBITDA growth and that the cost structure is in fairly good shape, of course, like any new property...
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Foley from UBS. Please proceed.
Robin Foley: Great, thanks. I've got two questions, the first is, you talked about focusing more in the profitability of your existing facilities and the timeline you gave for additional co-type property, sounds like it's unchanged. But its there, when you talked about focusing on existing facilities in the near term, is there some thought to filling the openings of additional capacity at this point?
Bill Weidner: No I think as I mentioned in the script now that the intention is to continue to aggressively develop those property's now as quickly as we can. But we need to make sure that we turn our efforts in the near term to make sure that between now and significant completions in 2009 that we generate as much income in the near term as we can. So, we have an opportunity with the Four Seasons coming along and as I say Brad is there in Macao now as we begin to more rationalize the cost structures there and then as we ramp up The Palazzo. I think it's more a matter of controlling the cost as that comes online. So we can deliver more EBITDA. So that's just, that's all I was saying. So, we are not loosing focus of the near term for the construction process for the long-term.
Robin Foley: Okay now that's great thanks. And then also I wonder if you can you give a little more color. You talked about, that you've taken actions in the market in Macao and then at the end of the month here you may start to see the impact to some of that. I wonder if you could give us a little more color on, it sounds like the market is moving towards 45% of revenues as payments to junkets, but in some cases we are hearing its above that we are hearing its 48% of revenue in some cases. I wonder if you could talk about kind of what level you are now and then also do you expect to announce anything. As you are taking different actions in Macao, do you expect to announce anything with the large aggregator or is that something that you would do just without announcing it. If you can give us a little more color on those lines?
Bill Weidner: Probably we're not going to broadcast what we are going to do on a conference call. So I think that's fairly short. I just said we are going to act and react to market as we see fit and appropriate.
Sheldon Adelson: I would just like to mention that, don't disregard the possibility of these commission rates eventually going down as the supply of gaining capacity decreases. If it does contract as the government has indicated to kind of consider. If it does contract, it will take the leverage away from the guys who are demanding greater commissions and hopefully and just the increase in demand and reduction of supply will create a different (inaudible).
Robin Foley: Okay. And so in terms of it sounds like you don't want to give specifics about what you may do, but one of your competitors for example has said on one of their conference calls that they will be announcing something in the next few weeks with a large aggregator. Is that -- obviously not asking the specifics of that, but is that the kind of thing that we might see you announce as well?
Sheldon Adelson: Like Bill said I think we would rather not get into that right now and signal to our competitors, what we are going to do we will not do.
Robin Foley: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff from Bear Stearns. Please proceed.
Joe Greff: I was hoping just on the lines of the commission structures or the commission rates. What was the average VIP commission rate of Venetian Macao in 1Q and can you remind us what it was in the fourth quarter?
Brad Stone: EVP Yes, I will give you that information. Give me just a split second here I have it. The commission rate was, for the first quarter was I believe 1.13%. One moment here, Joe. unless somebody else has it there right now.
Sheldon Adelson: Yes, I am looking for as well Brad.
Brad Stone: Commission was 1.13% and that compares to the prior quarter. I believe about 1%, Joe.
Joe Greff: 1% okay. And maybe looking at it differently can you comment on margins on VIP gaming revenues? What they are in absolute basis, maybe because of that in the first quarter relative to the fourth quarter. Do we see those sequentially go down at Venetian Macao?
Brad Stone: Well again I don’t have the breakout directly of all the based upon, I don’t think, we want to get in to that I would say that obviously as commissions goes up the profit margin are going down, our goal is to drive enough volume as we -- and being competitive we are kind of cordless switches, rates went up, they didn’t go up enough, so we encouraged some expenses, additional expenses but we didn’t drive enough volume through the door, that won’t happen again.
Joe Greff: Okay, and back to Las Vegas, the EBITDA impact from the average or the above average table, whole percentage I guess somewhere between $9 million and $10 million is that math right?
Brad Stone: Yes.
Joe Greff: Okay.
Brad Stone: I've got just one interesting point I think, you have to understand about the first quarter is an unusual quarter in the sense that it so dominated by Chinese New Year that its almost like there should almost be a separate whole percentage for the first quarter for Las Vegas. Traditionally we hold significantly higher than our normalized rate in that quarter. Last, I mean we are actually lower than last year.
Joe Greff: All right. And then I have a comment for Scott in relations with his prior comments on the financing. If you look at you CapEx on the Cotai Strip, what is left to spend assuming for the remainder of the development pipeline and then what do you have existing right now in terms of your existing available cash existing [math] under your facilities over there?
Scott Henry: I think Joe as far as required funding necessary to completion a portion of that is expected to be generated by a combination of cash flow, that comes from operations, as well as from the sale of residences, is what we're forecasting internally. I don't think we shared that was internal estimates, because we don't want to give forward forecast for those properties. The balance that we're talking about and focusing on to take us out to completion of all of our funding requirements goes out through 2011. And actually, some of the costs even leak into 2012, because of the way construction contracts and contractor, or payment schemes are practiced in that part of the world. It is several billion dollars I think what we indicated during on investor day. As we require approximately an incremental $4 billion, to get us to what we believe is completion and a fully funded program over in Macao.
Joe Greff: And that's $4 billion is inclusive or after the benefit of the sale of residential stuff, right?
Scott Henry: Yes. That is correct.
Joe Greff: Okay
Scott Henry: Can you remind me the other part of your question?
Joe Greff: I think you completely answered Scott. It's just sort of wanted an internal...
Scott Henry: Internal facility, under our testing facilities is that was the other piece of your question. We're almost fully drawn on our facilities over in Macao. And I think that's we had indicated that the investor day that we will require incremental funding, but before the end of this year.
Joe Greff: Okay. And then one final question and I'll let someone ask some additional questions. Just along the line of internal forecast, obviously in the press, with regard to, the losses out there, there was just idea that internally there is a document that you lowered internal forecast for 2008 and I'll leave it as broad as that, but do you want to comment on that?
Scott Henry: That was mostly including first quarter or this quarter results. That was a revenue number and relating to internal forecast that, mostly included updates based on this quarter. So it's in the number, backed in the numbers.
Joe Greff: Good enough. Great, thanks guys.
Bill Weidner: Excuse me I'd like to add to that.
Scott Henry: Yes.
Bill Weidner: Okay. Now, I just want to say that was before we heard the announcement from Macao.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Celeste Brown from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Celeste Brown: Hello. Do you have a good sense for why, the non-gaming was down sequentially in Macao, is there a seasonality or is it, it'll be initial surge of people and it died off a little bit, surprised to see it with Chinese New Year?
Scott Henry: You're talking about the actual hotel primarily, Celeste?
Celeste Brown: Well it was hotel, retail, food and beverage.
Scott Henry: I think, as good as Chinese New Year is to the gaming side, it does affect us and I think Bill made or somebody made a comment about seasonality. And you don't book a lot of group business before or after Chinese New Year. And so that's we ended up going little bit more in this particular quarter into our wholesale business, and other segments, and that's affected rate and affected to some degree the occupancy. So the time before Chinese New Year is very slow here, and is really not group business you can fill in typically. So you don't have FIT, you don't have group sale, relying wholesale. So, I think somewhat that is seasonality regarding first quarter.
Celeste Brown: And then, are you see an impact on the business in Macao. I'll just switch the shortened Golden Week this year or is hat better for you I guess from a non-gaming perspective per what you just said with Golden Week?
Scott Henry: I think the Golden Week this year is weaker than last year. So there is not question about it. And even though Golden Week is no longer seven days, there is still a couple of days in there where they do celebrate it. So it's kind of a double whammy. It's not as strong as it was last year or as far as the number of days and they still don't book group business around Golden Week itself. So it's a one or two day holiday that they stay away from group business, as oppose to a seven day holiday. So yes, it affected us, although we see more demand on the shoulders of it on weekends and things like that. So I think you'll have an increase in shorter term vacations as it were, as opposed to the seven to ten of Golden Week.
Celeste Brown: Okay. And then without saying what your expectation was or is. Do you think it's still possible for you to reach what you are expecting at The Venetian by the fourth quarter of this year, with all of the challenges you face and with some other changes do you see coming in the market?
Scott Henry: Certainly on a run rate basis, yes.
Celeste Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Armstrong from [Simocos] Capital.
Robert Armstrong: Gentlemen, can you hear me?
Scott Henry: Yes, they will switch it.
Robert Armstrong: Just to continue the conversation of financing. How committed are you to getting the $4 million incremental you're going to need in Macao through banks, is equity an option or there are other options out there? Just on the assumption that the credit market might be turbulent over the upcoming months?
Scott Henry: We're evaluating a number of different alternatives equity is not one of those.
Robert Armstrong: Okay.
Scott Henry: We believe that we have ample access to the credit markets, and our primary focus is on the bank markets and we are in reasonably advanced conversations with folks. So our level of confidence around the bank capacity and interest in that part of the world is high and especially for our brand and our projects.
Robert Armstrong: Okay. And the rates you are discussing are within the range of what your previous expectations might have been?
Brad Stone: Yes.
Robert Armstrong: Okay. Thanks very much.
Brad Stone: Welcome. Operator Your next question comes from the line of [John Chen from Oak Creek]. Please proceed.
John Chen: Yeah, you guys mentioned the commission rates in the first quarter. Is it safe to assume that at quarter end they are higher than the 1.13% that you've quoted in the quarter?
Bill Weidner: Yes.
John Chen: And when you talk about I think doing more to reverse decline in VIPs is one of the levers to pull commission rates, because I am just trying to understand what other levers there are besides just paying more to the junket operators?
Brad Stone: Well, I mean certainly the driving factors what we pay these guys to bring business in as we've mentioned I think credit is going to certain junket reps not to. It's something that helps drive and helps them with their business. So I think those people we feel comfortable with and to who it’s a meaningful asset to help them along to bring business to our property, we look at that and certainly there is operational issues and then how we run our place and how we completely the experience. So I would certainly rank being competitive in the commissions as number one and we have to be competitive. We've tried in the past to remain below the given rate and we're just finding that in this current environment we're going to be aggressive.
John Chen: Okay, great thanks guys.
Bill Weidner: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Kevin Mod from OD]. Please proceed.
Kevin Mod: Hi yes, good afternoon gentlemen. I have two questions please. My first goes back to the comments and the statements made by the Macao government. Because I believe there was a separate statement that seemed to suggest that they were trying to constrain the number of tables and slots that they were going to give going forward, do you view that as a set per [limitations] so the limit of 40 casinos. Does it change perhaps your plans for the make up of your remaining sites there sites 539?
Bill Weidner: No I think the bottom line is that they will control the slots and tables of the current operations that are there now. While they then review for example, the service agreements that have essentially setup sub-licenses that are not controlled or that are not fractionalized, shall we say? They are not suggesting that on a going forward basis that those individual places don't have an appropriate mix of tables and slots that go with them. No one is going to spend billions of dollars without additional capacity in more destination type places. I think if you read between the lines what you see is I think as Sheldon suggested they're saying, they don't necessarily like the old Macao style proliferation of the casinos that don't drive visitation further away. Those that are what would you call cannibalistic or call it leeches from those casinos that drive first class visitation from around the region, I believe, are going to be controlled and frowned upon. The future of Macao are destination styles casinos like exist on the Las Vegas Strip, that's why when Francis Tam talks about additional casinos, if there are 29 now. And you do the math that's 1 more casino on the Peninsula, and 10 casinos on the Cotai Strip. So the kinds of casinos that are more like what are on the Las Vegas Strip. So I think it confirms the vision of government that, in the future they are going encourage destination style, multi-day stay, places that drive visitation for further away. I think that's what to read between those lines. And I am not going to discourage additional capacity for the billions that spent in those styles of casinos.
Kevin Mod: Okay. And my second question is, with regards to infrastructure. You've obviously identified that, you need that ferry to drive mass volumes in The Venetian. But as I look at your pipeline over the next three plus years, you're trying to more than double almost triple your footprints again. And my question is, what additional infrastructure commitments do you need because what I am worried about is there's obviously a differential between when you build and when the infrastructure follows that allows you to fill that build, is that an issue for you?
Scott Henry: Look the key thing about ferries is the scalability of ferries. This temporary facility that's on the pack on, that's at the foot of the Cotai Strip. If you understand the geography, that's a three minute ride, directly down the four lane highway to the Cotai Strip. We've relative to Peninsula, Macao the streets are narrow, you can't change it, it is what it is. And I think government is recognizing by saying additional developments in Peninsula, Macao are not going to take place because it's just too crowded, how do you move around, how do you get around. The beauty of the Cotai Strip and that ferry terminal at the foot of the Cotai Strip is as the new ferry terminal comes online, more and more capacity comes online. Now, as you look down the pipe, about the additional capacity on Cotai Strip, ferries our simply a process of ordering them long enough in advance to be able to then deliver them and then those of the -- say, are ultimately scalable. And then you can center the different destinations, you can have higher frequency of service, etc cetera. That's why we keep dwelling on an idea of ferries. But this current ability to connect to Hong Kong is just the beginning, there are many more places Shenzhen, others up are Pearl River Delta, the airport at Zhuhai, which is currently underutilized, connections to the airport in Hong Kong, expansion of the Hong Kong. There are the airport right there, again, in Macao because that airport is like a minute and a half from all of the hotel rooms, and the new hotel rooms on the Cotai Strip. So the scalability of the ferry operations is what we are saying improved, but additional space, I guess you would say, apron space at the airport that increases capacity there too. We're confident that with the right combination of scalable ferry service and the expansion of the opening of the new pack on ferry terminal, which were well before that all this new product comes online will make that transportation capability and the infrastructure there marry directly with the increasing capacity on the Cotai Strip.
Kevin Mod: Okay. And then, just coming back to my first question, I understand what you are saying about them wishing to get to upscale and to improve the quality of Macao. I entirely understand that. But as I understand it, they are only giving permits to the new style of American quality casinos that is a shift from 29 to 40. So I wonder why are they making a separate statement about constraining the number of tables and slot machines? If there any given permits to American style quality casinos, you see my…
Scott Henry: I wouldn't necessarily say American style, I would say international style.
Kevin Mod: Sorry. Okay, international. But these are real good projects?
Scott Henry: Yes.
Kevin Mod: I wonder why he has to specifically make a comment about constraining tables and slots, when you are the only people allowed to build new capacity?
Scott Henry: Because look what's happen, the smaller old style Macao casinos, quite frankly, sap the power required to drive the investments. So that's if you read between those lines, those that have been granted to the older style, less attractive, more regionally focused places are -- if the communications there are that there will be discouragement, that such a word of adding more capacity in current places.
Kevin Mod: Okay.
Scott Henry: Capacities granted to the places that are more destinations style casinos.
Kevin Mod: Okay. Thank you very much.
Scott Henry: Thank you.
Operator: At this time I would like to now turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Bill Weidner: Well, thank you very much, again, for listening in on our conference call today and participating in it. Again, I'll apologize for the technical difficulties at the beginning. We had a interesting quarter, shall we say and there are things happening in the marketplace of Macao that we are reacting to as we speak. We still are very bullish about the long-term direction for Macao about the encouraging comments by government in terms of the development of the more destination style casinos in the future. We're very bullish about what's happening in our developments in Singapore and how Singapore is, in fact, coming along and daily we walk through the property here and look at the traffic accounts and watch what's happening with the ramp-up of Palazzo. We're very confident that the combination of Palazzo and Venetian here will continue, make this the destination place in Las Vegas overall. So I appreciate your participation today. And we look forward to next quarters conference call and thanks again for your comments and your questions. And we look forward again to interfacing with you in the future.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-04 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Sheldon Adelson - Chairman Bill Weidner - President and COO Brad Stone - EVP Rob Goldstein - President of Venetian, Las Vegas and the Palazzo Scott Henry - SVP Bob Rozek - CFO Dan Briggs - VP of IR
Analysts: Felicia Hendricks - Lehman Bothers Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Co Robin Foley – UBS Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank Joe Greff - Bear Sterns Dennis Forst - Keybanc Capital Market Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Las Vegas Sands Corp. fourth quarter Earnings Call. My name is Maria, and I would be your audio coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode and we will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would now turn the presentation over to Mr. Bill Weidner. Please proceed.
Bill Weidner: Thank you, Maria, and good afternoon, everyone. And thank you all for joining us today. On the call with me are Mr. Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman; Brad Stone, Executive Vice President; Rob Goldstein, President of the Venetian in Las Vegas and the Palazzo; Scott Henry, Senior Vice President; Bob Rozek, our Chief Financial Officer; and Dan Briggs, our VP of Investor Relations. Before we begin, I need to remind you that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements that we're making under the Safe Harbor provision of federal securities laws. I would also like to caution you that the Company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption "forward-looking statements" for a discussions of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income, adjusted EPS, and adjusted property EBITDAR, which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release. Please note also that this presentation is being recorded. By now, you all should have received our press release detailing our financial results for the fourth quarter of 2007. We again put quite a bit of detail into our release today, so we'll keep to our prepared remarks topline, beginning with some highlights for the quarter, the discussion of the Macao market factors as we see them, and then moving on to a few concluding thoughts, and then we'll move on to your questions. In Las Vegas, the Venetian continued it's solid performance throughout the product. Fourth quarter gaming volumes were up above the non-baccarat table drop and slot handle. Our hotel ADR and RevPAR statistics were also strong during the quarter with both ADR and REVPAR reaching records levels for the fourth quarter. Our entertainment offerings continue to mature. Our upgrading and remerchandising of the property have been increasingly successful that would carry much momentum into the soft opening of The Palazzo on December 30. With The Palazzo now open, we are extending our successful convention base business model to a far larger 7,100 room asset base and an 18 million square foot integrated resorts complex, which is the largest destination resort in the world. A resort featuring: dozens of fine dining destinations, world class entertainment options, and luxurious shopping at both The Grand Canal Shoppes and The Shoppes at The Palazzo featuring Barneys of New York. We're enthused about that platform for growth that also captures the efficiencies manifested in our master plan here in Las Vegas going forward. And now turning to the Sands Macao, we remain pleased with the performance of our Macao Peninsula property. Our VIP gaming values remain strong, our mass gaming volumes continue to reflect as expected, the increased competition from the new entrance to the marketplace on the Peninsula as well as the competition created by our own Venetian Macao on the Cotai Strip. Our mass drop came in at approximately $775 million. It is important to recognize that that level of drop still represents the largest portion of the current mass-market of any single property in Macao, with the exception of the Venetian Macao itself, including all of the new me too, Macao Peninsula properties. The Sands new 238-suite hotel tower is squarely at the high-end of the mass-market and has helped the Sands to remain the leader at mass-market play on the Macao Peninsula. We remain confident that the expanded Sands product offering with more melodies like our 25th floor club and club gambling tables will be a formal competitor to Macao Peninsula for years to come. And now let's turn to observations to the Venetian Macao and with the steady consistent execution of our vision to lead the transformation of Macao to the destination of age. The big picture: everything is working, any concerns that the element which makes Las Vegas so successful as an international resort destination somehow wouldn't work in Macao have been (inaudible). First: visitation, nearly nine million visitors that experience the Venetian Macao since it open approximately five months ago, including more than 70% of all visitors to Macao in the quarter ended December 31. Second: hotel performance, our strong early hotel operating performance continue to ramp-up throughout the fourth quarter with the ADR reaching $224 for the quarter, occupancy reaching 88.1% on the quarter and RevPAR reaching $198. Third: entrainment, we've had a tremendous reception for entrainment offerings from throughout the region including sell-out NBA China Games, Black Eyed Peas and Beyonce. On Thursday of this week, we expect the sold performance once again for The Police featuring Sting will make their first-ever performance in Macao at the Venetian Macao arena. Upcoming acts include events like Celine Dion and Team USA Olympic basketball. Fourth: group meetings and convention business, after an outstanding start this business continues to gain positive momentum with significant multinational groups including HP, Johnson & Johnson, AstraZeneca, Coca-Cola, Shell and Bank of China hosting multiple follow-on groups meeting our first five months. Recently convention, exhibitions magazine, CEI, named the Venetian Macao as voted by its subscribers, the [best Price hotel] in Asia. We now have more than 30 trade shows on the books for 2008 including for the first time some important shows sponsored by China's, China's Center for the Promotion of International Trade CCPIT to control the substantial majority of the trade show business held in the exhibition centers throughout Mainland China, some 2800 trade fairs. Fifth; solid retail sales figures at the Grand Canal Shoppes, the 270 stores and more than a 0.5 million square feet of retail space now open and more on the way, retail sales have been strong and continued to grow. According to recent CLSA survey of 1200 Macao visitors some 82% indicated an intention to shop on their visit, a far cry from the gambling only Macao of yesteryear. Sixth; gaming volumes, both our VIP and mass gaming volumes have been healthy reflecting the acceptance and appeal of our product in the marketplace. Solid and building performance in all six of these areas reflects the transformation of the market itself is coming on strong and the catalyst for that transformation, the Venetian Macao is paving the way. Those six indicators of Venetian Macao success are clear. So let's take a quick look at some of the external market indicators that confirm that transformation. According to the Macao census and statistics service, the average stay per visitor increased to 1.6 nights in October of 2007, up 33% from the 1.2 nights per visitors in January of 2006; that's a very challenged statistic. Also according to that same Macao statistic’s service, while visitation growth in the market for the year end December 31 was a very respectable 22.8% increase, visitation growth from the relatively wealthier countries on a per capita basis was up much more dramatically, visitation from Japan, Korea, North America, the European Union, all growing more than 35% a year and visitation from Southeast Asia up 81.2% in December alone. It's abundantly clear that visitors to Macao are increasingly coming from further away, staying longer, bringing more money with them and spending more of that money on non-gaming activities. And Macao has barely scratched the surface of this huge market place. But as dramatic as this transformation is, we're clearly in the very early stage. We are quite literally just getting started. So: what's next? First: continue investments in Macao and the region's transportation infrastructure. More frequent CotaiJet ferry service from Hong Kong harbor to the Pac-On temporary ferry terminal on Taipa at the foot of the Cotai Strip followed by direct service from Hong Kong International Airport directly to Pac-On. These services will enable increases in visitation to Macao and the Cotai Strip and more satisfying customer experience for the visitors to the Strip. Addition to the ferry services, additional buses and planes will place in service to bring new first-time visitors to Macao. This will also serve to drive visitation and increase customer satisfaction as well as elevate the status of Macao as a leisure and business destination. Since 2004, Macao Airport is introduced Malaysia's AirAsia, Singaporean Tiger Airlines, Philippines' Cebu Pacific Air and in the past week alone, Jetstar Asia, AirAsia, and Air Macau have announced new routes serving Thailand, Bangkok, Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur and five cities of Japan including more direct flights from Tokyo with now running two767s at capacity. Second: additional marketing and entertainment activities. Our marketing and entertainment activities sports such as soccer, basketball, tennis, boxing and martial arts, the low-cost entertainment attractions like Beyonce and The Police will continue to put Macao on the map as the destination for leisure and travel in Asia. These high profile events are just the beginning of a series of activities including the opening of Cirque du Soleil [Cosmos], a custom built theatre at the Venetian Macao this summer. The appearances by Team USA, America's 2008 dream team, as they make their final preparations at the arena at the Venetian Macao for the competition of the 2008 Olympic basketball tournament. These kinds of events will cement the position of Venetian Macao, as Asia's first Las Vegas style multi-night stay destination resort. Third: steady expansion of additional dining and retail attractions included in The Grand Canal Shoppes at the Four Seasons, Macao. We now have 250 of a total of 330 stores opened at The Grand Canal Shoppes, representing over 0.5 million square feet of retail shopping area. We expect additional retailers to open stores at a steady pace as we move toward the launch of 98 additional shops in the 211,000 square foot shops at the Four Seasons Macao, which will feature prestigious, fashion and luxury brands including Louis Vuitton, Armani, Cartier, Dior, Fendi, Gucci, Hermes and others. The shops at the Four Seasons will directly connect to the shops at The Venetian Macao and we'll review summer of '08. Fourth: the opening of The Four Seasons Macao. The Four Seasons Macao with its iconic global brand, will be the second destination on the Cotai Strip. That will add its worldwide [cache] and extensive global marketing network through the Cotai Strip this summer. As additional world class destination resorts are completed in the Cotai Strip with the amenities to increase multi-night visitation, a larger percent of the Macao gaming and non-gaming market will be earned by the true destination resorts on the Cotai Strips. Just as destination Las Vegas Strip properties have overtime earned the lion share of the gaming and non-gaming revenues and profit of the Las Vegas market. And this increasing critical mass of destination product attracts more air service, ferry, rail and bus infrastructure. The Cotai Strip will become Asia's Las Vegas. So to the sixth factors we can now measure visitation, hotel performance, entertainment, group meetings, retail sales and gaming volume. And the four important things we see coming that will drive the transformation of Macao and contribute to ongoing growth in the marketplace. All of these bode well for the validation of the success of the vision for the future of Macao and lead destination of Aisa. One final point, in December, we were able to generate more than 60 million of adjusted property EBITDAR of The Venetian Macao and while a portion of that result was driven by favorable hold. We clearly don't have the full level of EBITDA generating power from our hotel rooms, retail and entertainment offer. Each of these continued to build, so we are clearly feeling good about the trajectory that we are. So that's includes the highlights. We continue to steadily executive across the broad and leave the transformation of our largest gaming market in the world into the greatest business and leisure destination in Asia. It's truly an exciting time for our company and therefore, an ideal time for us to present a more detailed look at our operating plans and strategies, then, on these regular quarterly conference calls. We look forward to presenting these more detail plans in the Investor Conference next Monday, the 11th of February, beginning at 11:30 am Pacific Time, and hope that you'll join us for that event, either in person here in Las Vegas or by webcast, which will be accessible by the internet from the Investor Relation sections of the Las Vegas Sands website. Before we go to Q&A, let me throw out a few concluding thoughts. First in Las Vegas, the Venetian is performing well and the 3,068-suite Palazzo will be ramping up to full power as its whole suites of amenities comes on the line through the quarter. On the Macao Peninsula, the Sand continues to be the resilient market leader in mass gaining volumes on the Peninsula. And as we reposition the Sands to continue to compete against the way upon we have a competition on the Peninsula, we will continue to work to capture additional operating efficiencies and focus on maximizing the Sands market leading cash-on-cash return. Finally, on the Cotai Strip, we'll continue to process of earning more of about how the various profits centers of Venetian Macao rooms, retail, entertainment, convention, tradeshow, VIP business, mass table, slots impact one and another as we continue to grow our revenues, learn how better to control costs and maximize income as we complete additional infrastructure and product features, like the super luxury retail outlets at the Four Seasons and our purpose build showroom. To drive traffic in the resort and attract the multi-day visitors from further away to Macao's increasing international air financials. We will seek to convert book business, tour and travel bookings, convention business, and contracted trade shows to operating profit as a ramp-up occupancy, ADR, and continue to grow our VIP mass casino volumes. While all executing our construction plan to fully develop the potential of the Cotai Strip, Asia's Las Vegas destination. As we complete our destination integrated resort at the heart of downtown Singapore, we remain confident that the executions these plans will lead to superior return for our shareholders. With that opening series of statements, we will now open the phones for Q&A so that our management team can you bring you up-to-date fully on the details of our presentation.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendricks with Lehman Bothers. Please proceed.
Felicia Hendricks - Lehman Bothers: Hi, guys. Good afternoon.
Brad Stone: Good afternoon.
Felicia Hendricks - Lehman Bothers: Hi. I have few questions. First one I guess is for Brad, just looking at the EBITDAR margins at The Venetian Macao, if you adjusted last quarter for hold, its look like they were about flat. And I’m just wondering how we should think about that going forward, I know it's a dig and divert that kind of get costs at normalized levels there, but are we going to see it kind of flattish for the next few quarters or do you expect -- are you seeing things now that would indicate that they might ramp?
Brad Stone: I think personally and looking at the margins, we did hold about two points low what we expected that the segment at The Venetian, we expect to see that at the normal holds, you traditionally see as the property opens and of course we held slightly below what we expected to hold, we held 2.72 on the rolling program at the Venetian. So roughly a difference of about $32 million in EBITDA, a 60% margin after gaming tax. I think it's important to recognize, we are learning a lot at the Venetian Macao, as Bill indicated in his presentation. I am pleased to see, I guess in one sense I am frustrated to see, but pleased to see a lot of opportunity for us to work on margins as we figure out the various business segments, as we figure out exactly the staffing levels needed to efficiently operate that property. So I think you are going to see a gradual ramping up once we adjust the revenues and whole percentages and like you are going to continue to see a more efficient sales of the room product which will drive revenues. At the same times we're working very hard at staffing levels, looking at how entertainment venues work and how to price ourselves. I mean as Bill said the good news on the entertainment side is absolutely work to fill the place. Honestly if you look back, we missed some opportunities to maximize our revenues as we see more opportunities to sell tickets at a higher price for certain events. So we're learning a lot, each time we have an event, each time we enter a new market, as we get the ferries going, we just see a lots of opportunity to take this operation. And as the pioneers we are right now, improve those operations and see those margins grow.
Felicia Hendricks - Lehman Bothers: Okay. And anyone can take this next question. I was wondering, I know you don't give guidance. But if you can just give us some kind of update on what you have been seeing in January particularly since there has been -- in Macao since there have been news reports which have reported revenues in market share numbers. And I am sure you have seen those. And certainly these reports have indicated that you have lost some market share in January versus December. So I was wondering if could address that?
Sheldon Adelson: This is Sheldon Adelson. Actually lose is coming out with every two weeks market share. I'm going to propose we have an organization come up with daily in that hourly market share statistics. Maybe that will be more meaningful. I think we're getting to the point where the whole thing is ridiculous. I mean these people that are coming up with minute by minute market shares and then make investment decisions on that, those are the kind of people I wouldn't want to handle my personal money.
Felicia Hendricks - Lehman Bothers: Okay. Having said that, can you give us...?
Sheldon Adelson: Yeah. Having said that, we don't intend to, January is part of the first quarter of '08, so when we [report] the quarter, we'll talk about January.
Felicia Hendricks - Lehman Bothers: Okay. And then just a housekeeping question. I was just wondering if you could just tell me for the quarter, the average square foot that was opened in the mall, and then your revenues per square foot?
Sheldon Adelson: We're not going to report any January numbers?
Felicia Hendricks - Lehman Bothers: No, for the fourth quarter?
Sheldon Adelson: I can't judge the average number of stores or the number of stores ending?
Felicia Hendricks - Lehman Bothers: For the quarter, the square foot that was opened in the quarter and the revenues per square foot?
Sheldon Adelson: I can't answer that question. It ramped up from zero to about 220 stores. So we haven't figured, we have to figure a daily average of the number of stores in the square footage and we don't think anybody would really want over that.
Felicia Hendricks - Lehman Bothers: Okay. I thought because I have it, I thought you gave the data for the last quarter or so.
Brad Stone: Felicia, we did give the data for the last quarter, where we are at January or today is about 500,000 square feet of space open. For the fourth quarter we had an average of approximately, on a weighted average basis, in the neighborhood of 300,000 square feet open for the entire quarter, September 30 to December 31. And with respect to talking about sales per square foot, we may very well be able to talk about sales per square foot some time at the investor conference, but today we are not prepared to talk about that in any detail.
Felicia Hendricks - Lehman Bothers: Okay. Thanks.
Sheldon Adelson: We haven't done the arithmetic on it and we'll do the arithmetic and we can answer that question off-line if you'd like.
Felicia Hendricks - Lehman Bothers: Thank you very much.
Brad Stone: We certainly have the math on a week-to week basis, on a store to store base, but the key is going back and how many days of the week the store is open and then how many weeks of the quarter that is open. So all that math needs to be put together and we'll have some of that staffs next week on a more detail.
Sheldon Adelson: I mean we could give you the opening day, we could give you the closed day and we'll give you the ramp up during the periods. But we haven't done the calculations on that.
Felicia Hendricks - Lehman Bothers: Okay. I look forward to hearing that next week.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Klatzkin with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Co.: Hey guys. Let's do it minute-by-minute that will be better. That's how we can spend our time doing it. Question one, has the ferry got it going, how's that? Congratulations getting the ruling in your favor.
Sheldon Adelson: Yes. The ferries are up and operating. We are operating about every half hour service during the day now. In my conversation, end of the day, Monday, with the fellows there in Macao, we now have qualified captains and crews to be able to do 24 hour sailing. All we wait for now is the approval of the additional slips in Hong Kong. So hopefully in a relatively short period of time, we will have ourselves to the point where we have enough equipment and the approvals for 24 hours sailing so we can do night cruising.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Co.: All right. Great.
Sheldon Adelson: This week we just started back in business again about five or six business days ago and it is beginning to ramp up to the levels that we were before we had to close down. We're very confident that that service is going to prove to be superior and the fact that you can go directly to the strip and in minutes from our door, I think it will do very, very well as we get into full service operations, add more ferries. Once we ramp-up in the next three to five months, with every 50 minutes service, I think we'll have an excellent generator of 1,000 of bodies to the Cotai Strip.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Co.: All right. Well, great. And then the other question I had is just the timing or schedule of all the projects in the budgets as you see them -- sorry with The Four Seasons, Brad, what you were looking for an opening day, what should we use in our models ,you could just talk about maybe the Shangri-La and the budget with Singapore?
Brad Stone: Okay. The first project it's going to open is in The Four Seasons. We're scheduled that for June in this year. And we'll go next (inaudible) I think it's in summer, but we are looking at June time period. The budget is roughly $1.1 billion that includes The Four Seasons itself, that include the service department complex, a 39-storey tower adjacent and include The Four Season's mall and that also included their mansions at The Four Season which was very high-end suite product 19, Florida suites with their own infrastructure that supports a very premier end of the market. That, I can say, without the main project will be open in June, the private mansions are at the end of the year and the service departments are some time in the first to second quarter of next year. But those sales are up things are beginning now. Of course, sites five and six that's known as the Shangri-La, St. Regis, Sheraton and Traders complex. That's roughly going to come in at about 6,600 total rooms, meet at the mix of the various frame, the huge building is just about 13.7 million square feet. Right now, I'm just going to get the hard, the construction cost which includes the actual construction, what we call, the built-in FF&E including guest room furnishing and designer's cost. It's roughly about $3.3 billion. We're still working on final FF&E budgets and pre-opening budgets. So that will probably be another area about $500 -- $300 million to $400 million in that project. That is opening the first stage of which is the Sheraton Tower and Shangri Las Vegas tower and in the some of the entire podium that will open in May of '09, as we talked in our prior call and then the St. Regis and Sheraton hotel towers are roughly in the fourth quarter of '09. That's the time period for that. Turning to parcels seven and eight, we're waiting. We have our piling rigs on site. We are waiting any day to get our permit to commence piling on the project this includes the Swiss Hotels, Fairmont, Raffles, Hilton, Conrad complex. This complex is about a 6200 -- and that's again about 6200 total rooms. This is the larger building yet about 13.9 million square feet. Again similar statistic to hard construction costs, which includes the designers, the opening non-owners, FF&E, slot machine et cetera, is about $3.7 billion roughly 266 per square foot. And that we're looking to open at the end of 2010. So we're right on schedule but we think we can make that. We have slight consolidation unlike that which we have five to six, the one phase opening that entire project. And again, we're just waiting for the permits then hopefully we will start piling this month. The rigs are there and the contracts are left and we ready to go. Part three, we're still at the end of the final design phase and we hope to start pilings in the second quarter and that's about 4,000 projects with Intercontinental Holiday Inn and Cosmopolitan, which is quite a [Far East] Consortium. About right now, the current design is about 6.4 million square feet for the construction cost and this is a broader estimate of the others, the other ones are closer to the home because we have much more -- we have pretty expensive design in the other projects. And currently we are looking at again at just the construction architectural and non-owner FF&E, about $1.65 million. And that we're looking to open up in second quarter of '11. Again, we hope to start piling that this spring. So it's roughly the same timeframe as the work. And then Singapore, Singapores project as of last week is an unbelievable project. It's going to be magnificent sort of modern room. This project is 2,700 rooms and we talk about the size of the building that you hear about, when these governments allows us to build up roughly 5.5 million square feet, 5.7 million square feet but the actual building including the land it doesn't state -- it doesn't include in our calculation though we've actually got 9.1 million square feet. Currently, we are looking at the hard construction cost of roughly $3.4 billion. This probably is coming at roughly at $372 a square foot and it's a magnificent building. I went through the whole process of constructing. It's going to be something else and that is slated for the end of '09 and we continue to hold a schedule at this point of time. We set prior meetings that are left. There are challenges in Singapore in terms of the construction market, materials and everything and from the site conditions we encounter, but we are looking very positively towards this property and believe we're going to get favorable ruling in the amount of units that we are able to put on this project,. We met with the government and will probably talk about that next week at our investor conference.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Co.: Then I have.
Brad Stone: Yes.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Co.: So, sorry, say have a Bethlehem?
Brad Stone: Let me take in my words.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Co.: Sorry Brad.
Brad Stone: Next one is the Palazzo condominium that project as you can see looking at the Palazzo is going up right now. We're going to end up with about $1,035,000 net salable square feet, it's hard constructions cost, it's just about all construction cost, it's just under $600 million and again that's looking for the completion in the fourth quarter of '09. And lastly Bethlehem, we start standing steel this month. We've done extensive ground work, all foundation systems are in. We start putting the podium up this month and at the 304 room project with 5000 slot machines initially and again our hope is to persuad thegovernment. I'm sorry 3000 stairs to [5006 feet]. Sheldon correct me.
Sheldon Adelson: 3000 at opening and 6 months later we'll go to 5000, but we are building the property to encompass the entire 5000. It has a couple of hundred thousand square feet of retail space at arena, total square footage on that about is about 2.4 million and a hard construction price of 552. When you have all the lights and fitting in and other issues, it's probably more in the range of $800 million to $825 million and that project will open up in the second quarter of '09 and the Hotel Tower will be about two months behind that.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Co.: Thank you very much. That's all my questions. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed.
Robin Foley - UBS: Thank you. I wondered if you could talk about anything changing at Venetian to counter commission rates. I know you won't comment on January results. But can you talk about changes that may be implemented in February?
Brad Stone: Yes. In February, given the competitive nature of the commission situation at Macao, we have now offered to our junket reps the program that's called the 60-20-20 program and that the adjusted commission rates on the 60-20-20 program were higher than the commission rates that were offering out your commission basis as they expect the whole percentage of 2.8%, I think it's approximately 1.22 is my recollection. And so we've offered a bit more competitive junket structure. The good news of that is they share a bit in the down side if we are going to reach our expected whole percentage, although they get more of the upside if our whole percentage is above 2.85. So, yes, we have adjusted our commission structure and we have adjusted the offerings to the marketplace in terms of the independent representatives.
Robin Foley - UBS: I don't know if you can comment on in terms of when that begins, now that it is February when that will begin?
Brad Stone: It began on February 1st.
Sheldon Adelson: Can you speak up a little bit Robin please?
Robin Foley - UBS: Sure. Can you talk about in terms of response to that in the marketplace and whether you expect others are going to have to move commission levels up now that you've moved to this kind of commission structure?
Brad Stone: I think others already have. I think we were the outlier on the low side during the month of January. So to convert this more, it took us a while to divert this kind of program and getting additional chips etcetera, but we targeted February 1st and we are now in place with the new commission structure as of February 1. We don't know exactly how that has manifested itself yet because these are the slowest days of the year as you approach the Chinese New Year, we would expect to have a much better idea during the Chinese New Year time and we're expecting a very robust business during that period of time beginning the six or seventh of February.
Robin Foley - UBS: Great. And just the last question is, announcement earlier today about the mall at Macao Studio City being sold for a price that suggests kind of, I guess $1300 per square foot. I wonder if you can comment on, is that, when you think about your mall sale, where do you think that's a level you expect?
Brad Stone: That is a piece of property that doesn't have one lease sign yet, so it's pretty robust number.
Sheldon Adelson: I don't know how this hypothesis leads into reality. They're estimating, they're going to do $1300 a footwork, they are estimating $13000.
Brad Stone: And so now they are calculating back per square foot things what the effective sales price was?
Sheldon Adelson: It was close to the mall, they've sold the mall.
Brad Stone: Yes, there was an announcement.
Sheldon Adelson: But what it was?
Brad Stone: That was up today.
Sheldon Adelson: They sold the mall for $1300 a foot?
Brad Stone: Among themselves, they sold the (inaudible).
Sheldon Adelson: Well, they had to have money?
Brad Stone: So I don't think it's -- I think it's something of distressed sales in that. So I don't think, I don't think -- 
Sheldon Adelson: We are not believers of selling properties or bringing in partners while your property has already gone down and then saying that it was a good thing to do. The property has got good promise and good potential. You want to stick with it and not sell it off to get some money, I think it's pretty cheap at $1300. If they go into to do business, then will be able to sell it at several thousand foot. If I can talk by myself, I just want to make one comment about the presentation. There's good news here I mean that's on a broad-brush basis. The good news is that there is no more waves of competition on the peninsula coming up. There are no more developments that we know that are being planned. Stanley Ho isn't doing any more developments in the foreseeable future and none of its sublicenses are doing any more developments there. So the good news is that the market is growing from 2002 from US$2.7 billion to US$10.3 billion or US$10.4 billion, whichever number you believe or whichever number is accurate, for 2007. That's almost a four times multiple over a five-year period. Now you're looking at the growth, I believe it was about $8 million in 2001 or so, give and take about the same here. And this past year we ended up with $27 million business. For those doubters who think that there was a prospective market in China, both to grow in terms of gaming volume and to grow in terms of visitor volume, I think that the facts clearly belie and contradict the doomsdayers' proclamations. The validation of the integrated resort concept of the Strip has been resoundingly proven. But each of the elements, each of the six elements that Bill mentioned are clearly on a one-by-one basis on a very, very strong ramp-up basis. The issue of the convention center, we've got 100% repeat business coming out of the exhibitions and I think it's 100% repeat business coming out of the groups. That is conferences and meetings, sales meetings, general meetings, et cetera. That group market is validated resoundingly. The hotel market have also validated resoundingly. And we are, as I mentioned in the last call, we are figuring out what are the components, either they're non-contracted FIT, let's call it FIT, the contracted joint travel business, that casino rooms, et cetera, et cetera. We're figuring out which of those -- well, not the casino -- which of those cash generation rooms are best for us, and we're adjusting the relationship with the tour operators, with the airlines, et cetera, et cetera. When Bill talked about the number of airlines coming in, he didn't mention the number of cities. For instance, in Japan there are five cities. I don't know all of them. I know that Tokyo and Osaka are the big ones. And there are a number of other cities. But it doesn't take lots of populated cities to fill up acouple of millions a day. So more and more cities are being serviced, as I predicted, but the left will accommodate the demand. And that's what's happening. The entertainment and the arena is one thing that's proven itself getting 15,000 people to come to a show and pay a price in the arena is validated, clearly and unequivocally. So we're looking to fine-tune, pick up those touring shows and the right kind of entertainers as that goes on. The room revenue, we think that eventually as we're fully ramped up and get all the pieces working together like the cogs in wheel, we will ramp up to a figure that I believe will match or exceed that which we've gotten over the last couple of years here in Las Vegas. On a broad-brush basis, those are two very good signs for the future that more critical mass that we get on the Strip, the greater the service of new customers bringing more money, staying longer, gambling more and spending more on the non-gaming activities.
Bill Weidner: I want to add one thing to what Sheldon said as we're taping the call here. I was there last week and I was standing in the tower of the Sheraton Tower 5. When you look across the street, you see the Venetian, you see the Four Seasons complex getting completed. You look at the City of Dreams, what we call site core, which is pretty impressive looking properties, five and six. Now you get it, you see it's about to happen. We're just within a year of this critical mass that Sheldon was talking about, making that, one of the most important places in Asia. And that's before we add site seven and eight before we add sight three. So, couldn't help in getting a show when you look across there and say this is a powerful, powerful critical mass of product being constructed right there across the street from our Venetian.
Dan Briggs: Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Kent with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Hi. Two questions. One, could you just give us more color on Hengqin Island, what kind of progress you're seeing there? And then, second, what are your conference convention sales reps telling you right now about the outlook for '08, given discussion of a slowing economy in 2008? This is for the US. But then, also, separately on the Macao convention market, what are you seeing there just as you start to book out into '09 and '010 from a utilization perspective? What's your gut sense as to how high that could go?
Unidentified Company Representative: I think starting with Hengqin Island. Hengqin Island, we continue to pursue Hengqin Island. We continue to communicate with the guys of Zhuhai and Guangdong Province. It is China and it's a measured Asian step-by-step process. Well, it's a primary message that we are being told by the mainland Chinese, so we are taking a step at a time with piece at a time.
Brad Stone: I guess, that leaves the convention part of the question to me. Here in the United States, I'd been saying this for years and people are concerned. People are always concerned about whether or not the slowing economy for the fact that's happening and will continue to happen is going to impact conventions. And I have said repeatedly that the one thing that people cannot do in order to stay competitive in their own business and only to be in their own business, get up-to-date, see new products, have new discussions about new technology etcetera, etcetera. They can't afford to stay away from their dealer meetings, their sales meetings, their trade shows and the association, both trade and professional conferences. If in fact, these things are so big, you can take a 50,000 person trade show and have a 20% drop, which is the maximum that was experienced within 30 days of 9/11, just 20%. All right, that means 80% of them are still coming and 80% of the 50,000 person show is 40,000 will have 7,000 rooms of which we only allocate about 4,000, 5,000 to groups and we'll certainly fill that with 40,000 people coming. If we have over 5,000 person company group or sales meeting, everybody has to go because they work with the company and they have to show up. And the company shows it. We don't think that there is enough demand to keep our Las Vegas rooms full. We are the largest convention facility. We have more convention meeting rooms, breakout rooms in the entire city of San Francisco and the entire city of Los Angeles. People that have largest shows have no where else to go and the attraction of being under one roof. All at once, I never had to believe that the property is very compelling and very difficult to generate opportunity for another meeting place. In Macao, I would say that in my experience over 35 years in the show business says that, many, many groups, are afraid to book in the first 12 months because no project in their mind ever gets ready on time then it expect us to be ready reasonably as we projected, when we book the shows, somehow the people who had gone there, the world is going after the sales community and the meeting plan community that that we are there with the best facility in Asia and pretty soon we'll have as many somewhere, I don't know the exact number between 800 and 1,000 meter, and 330 is the bigger single complex anywhere. In the world, 800 and the 1,000 will be just awesome. So it will be the only place in Asia, not in the world where somebody can have tens of thousands of people sitting down at onetime and the good news about it is that all of the trade shows that have occurred a 100% of them have repeated and we had a build in mansion to world tour. They sent one of their Chinese province group for one group of -- and I think it was 800, 1,100 people. Now, we have got one or two others from China, one or two from Japan, from Korea, from Thailand, from India and from I think Taiwan. So I mean that's the way that it's going and I think it'll only be a matter of time before the exhibition center is sold out. But hopefully, we will sell out the groups but I am not sure. I mean at this time, I can't say that, we'll be adding so many rooms, so many meeting rooms, so many sleeping rooms. We've got a long way to go before we sell all of that out.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks.
Brad Stone: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Lerner with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed. 
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank:  Thanks, guys. Two questions. First may be for Bill or for Shel naturally, its a poorly kept secret so I guess I will ask, could you just talk about the strategy and maybe I guess you'll say but the economics of the two L1011 and as we are, kind of days away from Chinese New Year and then I have a follow-up?
Bill Weidner: I don't think we will require to do that so
Sheldon Adelson: Strategy…
Bill Weidner: Yeah also the strategy of the L1011s.
Sheldon Adelson: Strategy of the L1011s?
Bill Weidner: They fly a long way. So we bring people along the way without stopping. People can smoke on them if they're done in private. So I mean its just...
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: Its transport and no other activity?
Bill Weidner: I don't think we need to comment on that
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: Okay. All right. And then the…
Bill Weidner: Comment on that
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: I got you Bill.
Sheldon Adelson: We don't want was to give our competitors the roadmap to success.
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: All right. Just a follow up, it’s some of these smaller markets, can you just talk a little bit about the thinking there, markets like Kansas, I know it's sensitive because it's tending staff. But I guess it's similar in a way to Pennsylvania, obviously Massachusetts would be better. But, clearly, if you'd like, you have the bandwidth because you are moving forward with it, but where's the strategy, it feels like it's more intangible than the absolute amount of cash flow they generate?
Bill Weidner: I don't think so. I mean look our hurdle rates 20 plus cash-on-cash yield. And our view is that if you have a land-based "monopoly" in an environment like that that competes better than having to put up with riverboats and the inconveniences of riverboats that you are in a market that generates now hundreds of millions of dollars of win out of less than attractive than optimally attractive facilities, everything people like make a lot of money out of it.
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks Bill.
Sheldon Adelson: This is Sheldon. I'd just like to make a comment somebody just gave me a piece of paper that talks about there's more than five cities open in Japan and Macao is launching a flight each to Nosaka, Fukuoka, Okinawa, Nagoya, and Hokkaido, and of course there is Osaka and Tokyo. And I think I have heard somebody saying something about Yokohama. Also Korean Air. AirKorea is going to start charter flights between Macao and Korea. So that is going, that's fix to the issue of bringing in multi-night overnight stay market and how you gave me budgets for our passenger.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff with Bear Stearns. Please proceed.
Joe Greff - Bear Sterns: Hey guys. Bill and Sheldon, you spent a lot of time in the call talking about the increase in average length of stay for Macao as a market. Can you talk about what your experience was at the Venetian Macao in the 4Q?
Bill Weidner: What?
Joe Greff - Bear Sterns: In the fourth quarter?
Bill Weidner: I didn't hear.
Joe Greff - Bear Sterns: The average length of stay in the fourth quarter?
Bill Weidner: Do we have that, Scott?
Scott Henry: We don't have it presently. It's something we are preparing for the investors day next week.
Bill Weidner: Okay. Guys, you can say in general, Joe that.
Joe Greff - Bear Sterns: I asked about that.
Bill Weidner: Actually I was trying to say increased from first sale from the property whenever operating challenges was, we didn't put like minimum days or weekends and the like and we had tremendous amount of transactions coming out of the Hong Kong, Shenzhen, Guangzhou markets. And so, we do at times, but certainly minimum stays, obviously as we have more group business, that business tends to stay several days. So, it's really evolved. Number one is as we moved into more group business, that generated more overnight stays, and even our FIT policies and tour policies at times dictate minimum night stays.
Sheldon Adelson: Well, a lot of those exact statistics on a couple of different measurements next week at the Investor Conference.
Joe Greff - Bear Sterns: Okay. Great. And then, have you yet received the proceeds from general growth on the Palazzo Mall, and I guess what is that amount?
Sheldon Adelson: The intern is doing the final stages of negotiating the details of the franchise.
Joe Greff - Bear Sterns: Okay. But you expect that by the end of this quarter?
Sheldon Adelson: I don't know. I'm not involved in it.
Bill Weidner: End of this quarter.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, I'm sorry, (inaudible) is not on the line, so I can't tell you, but whatever was anticipated to grow, I mean to close.
Joe Greff - Bear Sterns: Great. And then just go back to your earlier comments on the United States conference convention business, Sheldon. You mentioned a lot of details and thank you very much for that. But I guess is it fair to say that where you sit you are not seeing much of an impact in conference and convention bookings. Is that fair to say?
Sheldon Adelson: I think the opposite, Joe, I think it's fair to say that if you walk through The Venetian Palazzo and see the size of this complex demand for our space and then what happens U.S. economy, we have no idea of obviously what happened to the economy as demand on these conventions side is very, very strong, a little bit complex now. It's pretty amazing to see what it offers to the convention meetings business. I think just the opposite of our business will get stronger if we want to be stronger in that segment.
Joe Greff - Bear Sterns: I think the key for us is this property and because of that infrastructure, we have many markets we can go to. A lot of people in this town are a lot more kind of on the touring FIT market. We certainly have that. We constantly look to tweak and change our mix of business and we are in fortunate position having most important meetings product in the world in this building. It's having the best of the best at your disposal to pick and chose when you want to open that tap and close that tap is what we have here. In the path there's been more of a challenge of turning off the group business to go after the FIT and we do see some weakness in the FIT market more likely on and happen in the economy. We have a strong group business and as Rob mentioned that demand to tell that our rooms and just make changes of mix to a more groups and types of it.
Sheldon Adelson: At the risk of turning with credit of -- I have been saying for years that well I will say this now, not all operators, not all gaming and hotel operators or destination and resort operators are created equal. Some are created more equal than others. Our fundamental strategy convention base is what differentiates just from other properties in all of our developments. The reality is that midweek you don't get everybody coming because people have to work. Now there are a lot of people retired, a lot of people take vacation times at different times. So there's lot of FIT in tour and travel market out there. However, they don't pay as much as the commercial market pays, it's very compelling. Somebody works for the company who has got to get the information they need to do their job. That is the business experience and that continues. So, we are just created more equal than the other guys because they never, they're always derided, they always demonized our conventional strategy and look who is laughing last. Our ADR was the highest in the history for rooms, the sleeping rooms, in the highest history of the hotel industry. Our occupancy rate was the highest in the history of the hotel industry. The amount of money we took in the same in an annual basis. We've set the records. Now, we don't see any reason that businesses don't have to operate any more. As a matter of fact, they have to operate. In some cases, when things are not going very well, the guys that really get hurt from the general economy are the guys that go out there and cater to the mid market. They don't have a convention-based security to know that tomorrow's rooms are going to be filled. And if the economy starts to hurt people and it's always very sensitive in the United States, if the economy goes bad and people start tightening their belts, the operators are going to get hurt of the people that came into the mid market and to Mr. Joe's six packs. We're catering to the luxury market and the high end and the convention market. I know that 35 years of being in that business that that doesn't end. That just continues.
Joe Greff - Bear Sterns: Great. Thanks, guys. See you next week.
Operator: Your question comes from the line of Dennis Forst with KeyBanc. Please proceed.
Dennis Forst - Keybanc Capital Market: Yeah. Good afternoon. I had a couple of questions. Bob: can you clarify the foreign currency translation losses? That was a much bigger “other” expense than I had been anticipating.
Bob Rozek: That is related to our inter-company lending arrangements is between the US and in Macao. And that's just really an accounting convention. Because it's an inter-company account we have to take to the P&L rather than taking it to equity. And if you look at in the quarter, it was a little bit bumpy, but if you look over the course of the year, the currency didn't move that much. And I think the total FX impact for the year is about $8 million, [$3 billion] of inter-company account. So it's really pretty good.
Dennis Forst - Keybanc Capital Market: And you had a nice profit in the third quarter.
Bob Rozek: Yeah. So it levels out over the course of the year to a very, very material amount.
Dennis Forst - Keybanc Capital Market: Okay. And then: what about construction in progress at the end of the year? Do you have that or any other balance sheet items: you have the amount of debt at the end of the year?
Bob Rozek: They should all be in the balance sheet information that we have. I'm not sure what you question is, Dennis.
Dennis Forst - Keybanc Capital Market: Specifically just construction in progress, I don't see the balance sheet in the press release.
Bob Rozek: Yeah. If you go to the talks about the CapEx in the quarter in the press release, the capital expenditure were about $1.07 billion.
Dennis Forst - Keybanc Capital Market: See that section. The balance sheet is above that. Talks about cash, debt 5.7.
Bob Rozek: 7.57.
Dennis Forst - Keybanc Capital Market: 7.57. But it's always better in my opinion to break up that construction in progress, so that we don't kind of deal for that construction is not generating any cash flow so that it is --
Bob Rozek: Will have that.
Dennis Forst - Keybanc Capital Market: We back that out usually.
Bob Rozek: We'll have that for the Investor Day next Monday.
Dennis Forst - Keybanc Capital Market: Okay. Then looking out in to the future your tax holiday ends at the end of this year in Macau?
Bob Rozek: No, at the end of '08.
Dennis Forst - Keybanc Capital Market: End of this year. So: if we're modeling next year then should we use a normalized 30%, 35% tax rate?
Bob Rozek: No. Our accounting for that reflects the fact that we fully expect that tax holiday to continue.
Dennis Forst - Keybanc Capital Market: You do.
Bob Rozek: In fact, the government gave Stanley Ho his holiday, and there are laws in Macau that prevents anybody from being harmed competitively as a result of the income taxes there. So we fully expect that to continue for us as well, and that's where we have done to all of our accounting for income taxes.
Dennis Forst - Keybanc Capital Market: Okay. What is the status there about issuing new licenses come '09? Has there been any talk about changing that date? Either moving it up or moving it back for doing anything?
Bill Weidner: Well, we have to tell you about this anecdotal information. The anecdotal information has it that there will be no new licenses issued in '09. At the end of '09, there will be a new Chief Executive and I think that the Chinese government -- and we can't state this as a matter of fact, but our relationship with them indicates that, if anything, there will be a contraction of some of the licenses. Some of the older individual non-knowns, what I call: “sub-licensees of Stanley Ho”, like Golden Dragon, not the Golden Dragon.
Dennis Forst - Keybanc Capital Market: Golden Dragon.
Sheldon Adelson: Golden Dragon and some of them in Greek Mythology and these other places. If there is a new Chief Executive that's being appointed, I think that, I'm hoping of course, that some of those sublicenses will be closed. Now, I have nothing, no statement to base that on, except appealing that when we talk to the Chinese government that they indicate to us that they feel there have been too many licenses out there. The good news is that it doesn't seem to be anything on the horizon between now and then to open. So we're going to make every effort to see that they don't -- that this doesn't expand at all. So we're going on the basis of being no new '09 licenses.
Dennis Forst - Keybanc Capital Market: Okay.
Sheldon Adelson: Dennis, you and I haven't talked for many years, but good to hear your voice again.
Dennis Forst - Keybanc Capital Market: Thank you 
Sheldon Adelson: I do read about you once in a while. Dennis, I want to tell you it's a very good point about the currency exchange. In Singapore, we are winning, I think, we've got a very substantial upside there because we are borrowing at sing rates, and our sing rates are about 4%, give or take, I think the first I went personal down to….
Bob Rozek: 3.6
Sheldon Adelson: 3.6. And I think the next one if we pick 90, or 6 months, 90 days or six month neighbor of the 4…
Bob Rozek: We'll pick six months today, it will be 3.9.
Sheldon Adelson:  3.9. Okay. That's good. We're building in Singapore dollars. But when we earn money, we'll earn money in Singapore dollars, but when we convert it, it goes way up in terms of dollars. So I think, maybe if I am an analyst, I'd probably make an adjustments for the exchange rate, it's tough to predict two years out, but it's on a -- maybe. When we started, I think it was 1.7. Rob, it's a 1.65?
Bob Rozek: 1.65. 141
Sheldon Adelson: Today, it’s about 1.42. So we are down about 23 basis points, which comes to about a 15% number. So when we convert and we can look forward to converting Singapore dollars, we don’t see anything that will weaken the Singapore exchange rates. So that's good news for us.
Dennis Forst - Keybanc Capital Market: Good. I'm assuming you are going to combine going forward two Vegas properties will see the numbers combined as one?
Bob Rozek: I think there will be some -- at the bottomline they will be combined, because of all the operational synergies and the way the businesses are managed, but I think on the topline, most were kicking around the tunnel, but there is some discussion of presenting separate topline statistics for The Venetian and then for The Palazzo.
Dennis Forst - Keybanc Capital Market: Yes, hope that is the case. Thanks a lot. See you next week.
Sheldon Adelson: Thanks, Dennis.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Celeste Brown with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Hi, guys, good afternoon. If could you just clarify a couple of comments in the call, Brad? The budget you are giving for the various properties: do they include or exclude land? And then it sounded like they were being, you talked about for five and six a little bit more on each project for FF&E.
Brad Stone: Yeah. They exclude land, and I said that they see, they don't until pre-opening, or what we call owners FF&E which I think like slot machines, table games, computers, it includes kitchen equipment, includes anything built-in and it includes all the furnishing s for all the 6,000 plus rooms and suites.
Sheldon Adelson: Yeah, but there is no incremental land cost for site two or three. We captured that already in Venetian land concession rate.
Brad Stone: (inaudible) that cost, but sites two and three are already been captured in The Venetian, it does include land cost for sites five or six…
Sheldon Adelson: What else they are doing? It's a good point something there is to talk about. Well, nothing (inaudible) Far East contributed to our cost of land, which we have been building for us. So, we are either going to get credit on what the builders are going to give us some money.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: And in terms of the land cost, its not been clarified whether the government: what you'll pay? Or: are you kind of comfortable with what you are going to pay on the rest of the sites there?
Brad Stone: Land cost, remember, you have to understand what happens in Asia. Land cost is based on the square feet you build on the building. So it is imputed into cost of building. So, you don't really buy land, you buy the right to build the square footage you are going build. So your costs are based on the category of build space time is formula, that's way that it works. So land costs are then computed by what the final approval and the final development of the building is. While we're at it, because this premium thing is so confusing, our land cost things are computed, plus I noticed in Europe report, you're talking about selling of malls there. Understand that the Cotai Strip, any mall built on a Cotai Strip for example, can be sold, can be sold at almost anytime because there is no prohibition against malls. When they pay an additional premium, only difference between the mall in static state and the time which it sold, because you have to pay additional premium based on whatever the profit is of a mall itself. So malls are an entirely different category then service departments or condominiums. The Cotai Strip buy its approval process by the government, anything on the Cotai Strip cannot sell a strata title. That strata title only relates to residences, because residences are allowed on the Cotai Strip. So malls can be disposed out, malls are then revalued at the time of the sale and a higher lands premium is paid for all mall and they are transferable really pretty well at any time. The regime relating to the service departments, we are still working on in terms of developing a regime where long-term leases or rights to use may be sold in a different form than perhaps an individual title like a condominium. But I just wanted to clarify the point about the mall itself.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: That's really helpful. Hard to get straight info out of Macao sometimes. And then Bill you mentioned the 60-20-20 if I did miss here you on the commission structure?
Bill Weidner: Yeah, it's sharing of risk, 60-20-20 or whatever we want to.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Is it equivalent to what your competitor uses, I guess they call it the 40-40-20, U.S. competitor?
Bill Weidner:  120%, that's right 40-20-20.
Sheldon Adelson: That's all the same thing that junket reps gets 40 ferry. However, the rest is allocated, at the relevant we get 60.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: And then Sheldon, it sounded like based on you comments about, is on selling early that it's given the choice you wouldn't sell the Palazzo mall, pre-sell Palazzo mall again and you wouldn't be willing to sell your Macao malls until they really prove themselves to get the highest prices. Is that a fair assessment?
Sheldon Adelson: No, well, first of all, not a fair assessment, it will just. Let met clarify that, it looks like it's oblivious, but the Palazzo mall we had a 30 months true up, that means that we are not selling. The final price isn't arrived at until 30 months from the time we transfer the first day we transfer. So we've already got the future built into that deal. And so as far as what you are asking about Palazzo, the bottom line is that I don't think I would pre-sell any more malls because it's not a question where we put the mall whether or not it's going to succeed, it's only a question of if there's a ramp up time how long will the ramp up time be, three months, six months or would, because in our mind there's no issue. We've already proven it with the Venetian. The Venetian is the Asia's first integrated resort. Anywhere else in the world we build an integrated resort, it's going to be the first in that part of the world, whether we do it in South America, we do it in India, we do it in Europe, we do it in Timbuktu, it's going to be the first and only integrated resort and people are going to come to it because human beings are human beings. Every adult wants to be entertained and there's enough a lot of people around the world that would like to go to Las Vegas but can't to Vegas because of the distance to travel and why should they do all that if we bring the mountain to the customers, no doubt in our mind that the mall is going to succeed and whatever we do is going to succeed. And if you can see that I mean if it can't be seen by anybody out of The Venetian Macao I guess we'll just have to wait a little more, it's already happening. Our December run rate is in excess of what's some analysts have projected. $60 million, $61 million, $62 million EBITDA run rate for the month of December is satisfactory run rate as far as the projection's evolving analysts are concerned and not all pistons are firing at the same time as each of the pistons get fine tune and they all fire at the same time like an 8 to 12 (inaudible) than we believe that the cash flow coming out of that will be, it will be an opportunity maximized.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Sheldon Adelson: You are welcome.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A session for today. I will now turn the call back over to Bill Weidner for final remarks.
Bill Weidner: Well, thank you again for listening to our conference call. I mean, obviously, we are very excited about what's going on and about the trends that we see not only in terms of what happening at the Venetian Macao, what's happening in our building here in Las Vegas and what will be happening to Macao, as we finish more critical mass on the Cotai Strip. As the ferry operations ramp up, as more airplanes fly into Macao, there's nothing but a terrific upside in that marketplace. And as we begin to see our building coming out of Singapore, and as we recognize the value of additional capacity in that marketplace, we're very bullish about the future. So, thank you again for listening to our conference call. We look forward to talking to you again and more importantly we look forward to talking to you on Monday to go through a lot more details, lot more numbers, so we can get a better hand on exactly how this thing is going and the timing of the process of ramping up into the future. Thanks again for listening to our conference call. We look forward to talking to you again. Have a good day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Bill Weidner - President, COO Sheldon Adelson - Chairman, CEO  Brad Stone - EVP  Rob Goldstein - SVP Scott Henry - SVP, Finance Bob Rozek - CFO Dan Briggs - VP, IR
Analysts: Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Co. Harry Curtis - J.P. Morgan Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley Joseph Greff - Bear Stearns Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen andwelcome to the Las Vegas Sands Corp Earnings Call. My name is Solomon and I'llbe your coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn thepresentation over, to your host for today's call Mr. Bill Weidner. Pleaseproceed sir.
Bill Weidner: Thank you Solomon, and thank youall for joining us this afternoon or evening. We apologize for the slight delayhere and I guess there was bit of a traffic jam at the call center, but lasttime we checked there only 10 people in queue, so we will get going. With me here today in the Las Vegas area is Mr. Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman; BradStone, Executive Vice President; Rob Goldstein, President of The Venetian in Las Vegas; Scott Henry,Senior Vice President; Bob Rozek, Chief Financial Officer; and Dan Briggs, ourVice President of Investor Relations. Before we begin I do need toremind you that today's conference call contains forward-looking statementsthat we're making under the Safe Harbor provisions ofFederal securities laws. I would also like to caution youthat the Company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipatedresults in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press releaseunder the caption forward-looking statements for the discussion of the risks thatmay affect our results. In addition, we may discussadjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income, adjusted EPS and adjusted propertyEBITDAR, which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and reconciliation of eachof these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are includedin the press release. Please note also that this presentation is beingrecorded. By now, you should have allreceived our press release detailing our financial results for the thirdquarter of 2007. We’ve put quite a bit of detail on our release today and thenumbers speak for themselves. So we’ll keep our prepared remarks short,beginning with some highlights for the quarter, moving on to a few concludingthoughts and then we’ll move on to your questions. In Las Vegas the story of the quarter is prettysimple, everything is up with the table hold. Other than that, the property isfiring in all cylinders as we prepare to open the Palazzo in just seven weeks.Gaming volumes set third quarter records, while hotel ADR and occupancy statisticswere also record-setting across the board. Our entertainment offeringscontinue to mature, our upgrading and re-merchandising of property have beenincreasingly successful and we have had much momentum as we prepare for thePalazzo opening on December 20th of this year. At the Sands Macao, ouryear-on-year increases in our VIP gaming revenues were normalized for hold, andmore than made up for the weaker mass market revenues, as mass customers sharemore their gaming time with new entrance to the marketplace. We’re satisfied with theresiliency of the Sands as our VIP business remains robust. Both before andsince The Venetian opening and our mass settled in approximately $800 million.It's important to recognize that the drop represents the largest portion ofcurrent mass market business for any single property at the marketplace, andmore than twice the amount any of our nearest competitors. We opened the 238 suite hoteltower at the Sands of September 28th, and in the month of October,we’ve seen significant increases in our high-end mass table drop, as a directresult of the edition of those rooms. We remained convinced that the nowcompleted Sands product offering with more amenities like our 25th floorgambling club will be a formidable competitor on the Macao Peninsula for yearsto come. Turning now to the VenetianMacao, some of the notable items from the opening of The Venetian Macao includenearly four million visitors in the past 65 days of operation. Strong hoteloperating performance for with ADR north of $200 and occupancy of our 3000suite hotel growing from 77% in September to over 86% in October, while REVPAR startedthe $161 million in September and expanded nicely to $179 million in October. There were outstanding retailsales figures at the Grand Canal Shoppes with more stores opening in the weeksahead and greater visitation. Circulation increased traffic flow, to come, aswe open the remainder of the mall. A tremendous reception for entertainmentofferings including the NBA China games, Black Eyed Peas last week and thenBeyonce, which is expected to be a sold out performance this Saturday evening. Our group meeting at conventionbusiness was also off to outstanding starts, with more than 200 group meetingset to occur and The Venetian Macao of the fourth quarter alone, along withseven trade shows this year at approximately 30 trade shows booked for 2008. And finally, our VIP volumes havesignificantly exceeded our expectations and our non-rolling table game drop issteadily increasing, just as it did at the Sands in the early days. It was upover 32% in October when compared to September. So the transformation of themarket is coming on strong and The Venetian Macao is paving the way. And asdramatic that this transformation is, we are clearly just at the top of thefirst inning, we are quite literally just getting started. Looking ahead, our investmentsand infrastructure, including our soon to be launched ferry services in HongKong harbor, Hong Kong airport and the new Pac-On ferry terminal at Taipa, willdrive increases in both customer visitation and in customer satisfaction with Macao as a destination. While we are making additionalinvestments in Macao's infrastructure,including the expansion of ferry services, additional buses and planes are tobring new first time visitors to Macao.These will also serve to drive visitation, increase customer satisfaction, aswell as elevate the status of Macaoas a leisure and business destination. Our marketing and entertainment activities,sports such as soccer, basketball and tennis and entertainment attractions likeBeyonce, I just mentioned continue to put Macaoon the map, as the destination for leisure and entertainment, in Asia. These high profile events were just the beginningof a series of activities position The Venetian Macao as a just first true Las Vegas style,multi-night stay destination resort. With respect to the retailprogress at The Grand Canal Shoppes in the adjoining mall of the Four SeasonsMacao we are over 150 stores in food and beverages open now, up from a 130 atthe grand opening on August 28, representing approximately 350,000 square feetincluding shops and restaurants that were on the main casino floor. We expectanother 350,000 square feet will be opened before the end of the year, with theremaining space set to open in early 2008. The 211,000 square foot shops atthe Four Season Macau, featuring prestigious fashion and luxury brandsincluding Armani, Cartier, Dior, Fendi, Gucci, Aramis and many others whichwill directly connect to the shops at The Venetian Macau will open in latespring 2008. Our average base minimum rentsfor The Grand Canal Shoppes and the shops at the Four Seasons Macau continue toexceed a $135 per square foot. While our early retail sales numbers give usconfidence that the mall will be an extraordinary economic success, as well asa powerful attraction for Macau. Moving on to our proposeddevelopment of Trade Shows at Convention Destination, Hengqin Island,our development team continues to extensive collaboration with the projectcoordinating committee and their consultants. Those plans are currently beingintegrated into the overall plan for the development of Hengqin Island. At Singapore our constructioncontinues to advance at a steady pace. As we mentioned in our press release wehave now completed terms with over 100 retailers and others to hope to betenants in our approximately 800,000 square foot mall at shops at the MarinaBay Sands, and at rates far in excess of rates in any other major market inAsia, reflecting the tremendous potential for our unique retail assetdeveloping there. We remain on track for an openingof Marina Bay Sands in late 2009. In Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, we received siteplan approval from the city and are now moving forward with construction there. That concludes the highlights. Weare clearly executing across the board, but before go on to the Q&A let mesummarize how we feel as a company and as a management team. First, in Las Vegas our properties are performingexceptionally well, and on December 20, we will preview the 3068 suite Palazzo,ramping up to full power in the first quarter of 2008, to extend our successfulbusiness model here, driving growth while capturing the efficiencies manifestedin our master plan. The Palazzo will feature even more products, specificallydesigned to appeal to our increasingly important high-end Asian gamingcustomer. On the Macao Peninsula,we will continue to reposition the Sands and capture more operatingefficiencies and on Cotai we will continue to dial in the various synergisticprofit centers for The Venetian Macao. The rooms, the retail, theentertainment, the convention, the trade shows, the VIP table business, masstable business and slots, to maximize revenues and income as we completeadditional infrastructure and product features. Retail outlets, as well as ourpurpose build 1800 seats showroom to drive traffic into the facility. We’ll convert the pre-bookedbusiness, our tour and travel book, our convention book, our contracted tradeshows to operating profits, which will ramp up occupancy ADR and also continueto grow our VIP and mass market volume. This is all while executing ourconstruction plan to fully develop the potential of Cotai Strip, Asia’s Las Vegas. We remainconfident that the execution of these plans will lead to superior returns forour shareholders. And with that I want to now openthe line; I am sure for any questions that you may have to ask our managementteam. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Yourfirst question comes from the line of Larry Klatzkinwith Jefferies & Co. Please proceed, sir.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Co.: Hey guys. Could you guys quantifywhat you think how effective luck might have been on you if you would actuallyheld 3% in Macaoand held your normal percentage in Vegas what you might have seen?
Brad Stone: I started with Vegas, Larry thisis Brad Stone. Yeah, we dropped $356 million; our mid-range of the normalizedhold is 21% here in Las Vegas.That would have made a difference of about $24.3 million in revenue andsurviving that would be at the high end and discounts along projecting atroughly a 50% profit margin, we made a difference of approximately $12.5million here in Las Vegas. You look over to Macao and you look atthe Sands first of all, if you look at surely adjusting the whole percentageagainst the roll, would have made a difference of about $9.3 million in revenueat the Sands property during the third quarter. Obviously, dramatic differenceon a year-to-year basis, because we held 4.22% and that is a much more dramaticnumber having an impact of about $83 million on year-to-year basis. If you lookat the actual hold and roll in at the Sands Macao in '06 versus the actual rolland the 3% hold in the Sands in '07. At the Venetian Macao we held about 2.44%versus the 3% that was a difference in win of about $26.6 million.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Co.: Alright and so in the case of badluck in Macao you still pay the 39% tax so it’s about, what you say again about50%?
Brad Stone: If you look at the Venetian youtake out the tax, it's about a $16 million EBITDA impact for the 34 days thatwe are reporting under this period. And at the Sands, Macauwould be a difference on a taxation basis of about $26.2 million. On ayear-to-year basis, on a normalized basis of about $5.7 million.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Co.: Alright, so we’re lookingsomewhere around $30 million of bad luck. Okay. Brad.
Bill Weidner: Larry, I would add to that,inconsistent with our last conference call, the plan in Macauat the Venetian was to open [four] more as we add to for the opening on the 28to 29. It then backed down to approximately 50% occupancy, while we trainedpeople, because we couldn’t do any pre-opening training. So, that will rampback up at the end of the month so we end up with a stronger occupancy than wehad anticipated ourselves. For a lot of the day of the month we purposely heldback in order to be able to the pre-opening; soft opening that we could havedone or we should have done, if we could have. So it’s hard it use that asmeasurement criteria, I don’t know how to measure that. I think partially theincrease in the mass business of 32% from September-October had a lot to dowith the fact that we didn’t have people in those rooms while we were trainingpeople and while we were getting ready for them, will be ready for the MIF showand the more, call it sold out condition on the second half of October.
Larry Klatzkin – Jefferies: Alright and then as far as timingof future projects, Four Seasons, sites five, six what would you well Bradcould give us on that kind of stuff?
Brad Stone: Okay. Four Season project isscheduled to be completed in April with that being the Four Seasons Hotel andthe mall space and opening late April early May, as we turn that over tooperations. The condo tower, which is part of the Four Seasons complex, will becompleted at the end of the year. Sites five and six, which is the Shangri-La[Sheraton] complex. The first phase of that project which include theShangri-La Traders and Sheraton Towers Complex, it’s schedule to open in May of'09, with the second part of that project as you know we went ahead and we arebuilding out the St Regis Residence as well as another Sheraton Hotel, thatcomplex will open approximately four months to five months later.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Okay. And how about '07 and '08,or that's just too early to say that it?
Brad Stone: '07 and '08 is, we are looking tostart construction on that project next month, in terms excavation and pilingwork at the beginning of the year and that probably would be 32 months fromnext month.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Okay. 32 months alright, and thenas far as the story goes I understand Hong Kong is now realizing that they canactually get hotel business by connecting to your convention centers, does thatmean that the Ferry Terminal is going to start working at this point?
Bill Weidner: We received the license from Macao. The procedurethen is to submit that license to Hong Kong.And when I talked to Steven this morning, he said he has still not heard,although he talked to the coordinator in Hong Kong and they are working on theapproval of that permit from Hong Kong.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Alright. And in October, Iunderstand did you also have some bad hold in October in Macao?
Brad Stone: We are not going to discuss theOctober’s hold Larry at this time.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Okay. That’s fair. Alright, Iwould allow other people to ask questions. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Harry Curtis with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed sir.
Harry Curtis - J.P. Morgan: Good afternoon. I am wondering ifyou could give us a sense of trends in the convention business in October. Whatimpact has it had on your visitation? What impact also has it had on yourcasino volumes primarily mass, as well as other segments like retail, and food,and beverage?
Sheldon Adelson: This is Sheldon Adelson; I justwanted to say that we are having an internal eternal discussion about what wecould say about October. What I would say is that, having more internaldiscussion.
Bill Weidner: Probably let's avoid it for a fewminutes and then queue it okay so you can.
Harry Curtis - J.P. Morgan: Well here's what I was followingup and you would though you had made a comment that VIP was up 32% in October?
Bill Weidner: No I said mass business was up.
Sheldon Adelson: Mass drop Harry, that was 32% inOctober at the Venetian Macao compared to the (inaudible).
Harry Curtis - J.P. Morgan: Okay. I misunderstood I thoughtthat was VIP.
Bill Weidner: VIP, Harry going back to yourquestion.
Sheldon Adelson: We could say something here, VIPwas up, mass was up, we believe that all of the elements of the Venetian Macaowere up in October versus September.
Harry Curtis - J.P. Morgan: Okay. I am just trying to get asense of the impact of some of these new resources of business that you didn'thave in September?
Brad Stone: If we look at our group businessHarry in the month of October, we had about 18,000 room nights that camethrough, out of the total of 71,000 occupied guest rooms. So in the range ofabout 20% to 25% of our total room nights. It's hard to distinguish obviouslyother than try and visually account for what the impact is in terms of casinopour. Obviously that business will primarily affect the mass. And as Bill said on a sequentialbasis mass business is up 32%. Part of that combination as Bill said is moreoccupied room nights, as well as, it could be a factor, that the quality of theconsumer that’s coming into the property. And obviously as we occupy more roomnights at the property, there is a higher capture of that budgeted play,particularly on the mass side. Additionally we are starting theevents. We did have some events in the month of October that stimulatedbusiness such as the NBA. The Kenfair was a huge success in terms of drawingand I guess you got to segregate that from room nights that the Kenfairgenerated significant visitation, many of which did not stay in the Venetianhotel rooms. So, more traffic to the building,particularly on the mass, high margin mass plays a good thing, as those showsstart ramping up, that means a lot of people coming through the doors. Besidesthose that are just the mass base business that you already see every here in Macao. And we lookforward to, I think next year we have 17 major, we consider significant shows,30 shows in total, but 17 full hall type shows, that should generatesignificant visitation to the property and that continues to ramp up.
Harry Curtis - J.P. Morgan: And then my last question had towith Sands. The EBITDA number even adjusting for hold was so much below wherewe had expected. And I’m trying to get a sense of the sequential decline frombefore Venetian was open. If you could us a sense of, is the sequentialweakness more VIP, is it more mass, if it's more mass what is you plan? And ifyou can include in your response the impact of the new hotel tower.
Bill Weidner: Sequential stock in second orthird quarter, we have, we did it year-on-year.
Brad Stone: Right.
Sheldon Adelson: So, Harry the big picture, we’vegot the mass market going from about $900 million in drop in the quarter endedJune 30 and about $800 million in drop in the quarter ended September 30. Withthe Hotel Toweropening at the end of the month there in September and October, we’ve seen thatthe high-end of mass has actually increased substantially, once that Hotel Towerwas opened. The lower-end of mass has more or less stabilized in the month ofOctober compared to September, but there are the big broad strokes on the massmarket piece.
Harry Curtis - J.P. Morgan: And would you say that you’retrending in terms of the quarterly drop back to the $900 million or are youstill somewhat below that?
Bill Weidner: Oh, how we answered that. We arenot really giving you any the forecast on the fourth quarter.
Bill Weidner: And we’ve been talking a bitabout the month of October we can give you a flavor of how we’ve responded postthe end of the quarter, but we don’t want to give you forecast for the entirefourth.
Sheldon Adelson: I think the important one andthat’s very important point, it's somebody hasn’t asked, how is the Sandsimpacted by the opening the Venetian? In September the attendance at the Sandswas down by about 1.7%. And in October, it is year-to-year I am talking about,October it’s up approximately the same, so there is about a 3% swing on theattendance at the Sands. From September to October in theVenetian there was as significant, and I would say significant, I mean notsingle-digit, but double-digit increases on the roll and to answer Larry Klatzkin'squestion the percentage is up, the percentage of win on the roll is up, not assignificantly as percentage of increase on the rolling program.
Harry Curtis - J.P. Morgan: In terms of the roll itself?
Sheldon Adelson: In terms of the roll itself, soroll was up somewhat at double digits and the win percentage on the roll wasup, not as significantly as we would like to see it, but up. And the bottomline is that the Sands is not been negatively impacted by the opening of the Venetian.And the Venetian, from its first four month in September to the second month inOctober is -- we are extremely happy with the progress in all directions. I am looking at the attendancefigures on the days that we held the first two trade shows on and we were upfrom the week before attendance figures, and from the highest of the month.20,000 to 30.000 visitors a day, on what would have otherwise been comparableto the price two weeks [and that’s one week]. And so we are up anyway from20,000 to 30,000, and at one stage 40,000 during the days these shows wereopen. The exciting part about what's happening is that not withstanding thefact of the Ferry Terminal, we are not yet servicing but we look to servicewithin days. The enormous numbers of peoplethat have still not been in the like six figures, like hundred thousand plus,can make it from the Peninsula to The Venetian in a single day, so what we wereconcerned about the infrastructure considering the absence of light railsystem, that won't we up for few years yet, and the fact that we don’t have anyferry terminal service for Taipa, has an affect on ferry terminal. We’reextremely happy with the number of visitors we get everyday, somewhat in excessof that, which we anticipated, and we’re all quite surprised at that. And we doexpect that when we start the ferry service, it will have direct day tripplayers, people wanting to come to gamble, coming directly to Taipa, we expectthat will have a favorable impact on our mass drop and win.
Brad Stone: Just one think last time I saidabout the same Harry, is that, as we’ve talked about in previous conferencecalls, we have initiated our reduction in the junket commission program. Thejunket programs in Macau are very aggressive.We've got to keep our eyes on it. But, what you saw in the third quarter it wasonly one month of the reduction of the rolling program. Additionally, we’ve reducedpayroll at the Sands, and a run rate based upon what we’ve experienced so farabout $20 million annually, as we got more efficient. Obviously, we just openedthe guest rooms and that happened in the last three days of the third quarterso that has seen no advantage. We also utilized our show roomthere, we’ve created bar rooms, space for parties and we’re going to opening avery high end gaming/night clubs at The Venetian on the 25 floor around the endof the year. The one think that I’m not happywith so far is we are working and it’s part of opening a property, theefficiencies with the Sands. We are looking for reductions in overhead asconsolidate the operations between The Venetian Macau and the Sands Macau. Ithink at this point we haven’t seen more of that yet, but I know there is a lotof ability to mine additional EBITDA out of getting efficient in theiroperating structure, as we get through these opening periods and smooth thatout. So, there are some bright spotsthat really don’t show up in the third quarter, that will start showing threemonths worth of value in the fourth quarter that being the payroll, reductionof junket retention program, the utilization of the asset we just created atThe Venetian, the Hotel Tower as well as a better job lets say, of attackingoperating efficiencies and synergies between the Venetian Macao and the SandsMacao.
Bill Weidner: I’d like to extend what Brad saidearlier about with cooking, we are firing in all cylinders. The mall is goingon all cylinders in the month of September, that’s in the third quarter. So wehave been some stores that would have been in over trends, had they been and ifyou extrapolate what they were doing in the first couple of few weeks of themonth. On the conventional side, it seems to be the attendance, the trade showorganizers were extremely happy and I am surprised that one of them even got alot of traffic, it wasn’t really a trade show, it was an investment promotionfair. But the other one I think got about 30000 attendees and that isfantastic. The rest of them were doing gamebusters when the people were there. The rooms we see a higher room rate, ADRpotential then what we, originally when we originally came up with the visionof the strip anticipated and I dare say that there was a possibility that wecan equal the rates we are getting in Las Vegas at The Venetian Macao andperhaps even exceed them. The good thing about this is, since this is theoriginal vision was mine and I can tell you that it’s clear that we are cookingon all cylinder, the convention, the Congress Center, the restaurants, theshopping, the anticipation of the shows, the sports arena, everything being soldout. We are truly cooking on all cylinders and I would say that the vision ofthe Cotai strip with the opening of the Venetian Macao is in emphatically 
Brad Stone: One thing though is now thedialing in-process as I mentioned. If you recall the early days of The Venetianhere in Las Vegas, while we were doing convention business, we are doing roombusiness, we are doing business from this different profit centers, it took usa while to really dial it in to say ok, what are our weak periods, how do wefill in our weak periods with this with that, what are patterns look like, howdo we maximize the value of each of the profit centers. And while we can see that each ofthe profit centers can in fact perform, now we got to figure out, for examplehow do we price the arena when you have Beyonce in the 11,000 seats versus the BlackEyed Peas of 11,000 seats, what do you charge for a ticket for an NBA game,what will the market bear or the higher price tickets surprising and sellbetter than the lower price tickets, so how do we scale those venues. There isso many different ways and we have to try to figure out how each of theseprofit centers can be maximized, while doing well we need a dial all that inwhile then looking at the duplications and the back of house functions and theefficiency so we can then deliver that dialing into maximize operating income.
Harry Curtis - J.P. Morgan: That's all from me guys. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Celeste Brown please proceed.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Hi guys, good afternoon.
Bill Weidner: Hi.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Couple of questions for you, yougave the timing for the additional opening on the Cotai strip could you give usan updated CapEx forecast please?
Bill Weidner: Celeste, how much time you'vegot.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Well, last year I think you saidthe range was 9 to 12 maybe if you can give us another range.
Bill Weidner: I think that range is stillvalid, probably towards the higher end of that range as we go through it. We’veexpanded the prime part of it is we see opportunity, not only do we build wehave, but we added additional capacity to these elements and so whether we areadding more showrooms, more entertainment venues. The projects are very fluid,but we’re still probably not moving ahead of that range at the $12 billionlevel.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Brad Stone: Adding more assets as we developour projects in Macau.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: And we’ve heard some prettypositive things about the anticipation for the Four Seasons servicedepartments. When do you think you’ll be marketing these?
Bill Weidner: What we are in the process ofCeleste is now the government has invited our comment and our development ofthe regime for individual ownership. Currently in Macauyou can essentially sell a leasehold right, but you can’t really have title.So, we’re in the process of developing a regime, which will allow us to sellthat title. And our last meeting with the Chief Executive, he confirmed onceagain and we are moving through the legislature and our lawyers are now workingon that regime. The value of that regime is –some sort of premium to as much as 35% or more on a sale, if you can delivertitle. So, we’re working closely with the government to develop that regime. Wewon’t go into the marketplace until we get a better handle on the timing ofthat process here. And Brad said the product itselfwould be completed somewhere around the end of the year. We are certainlypre-marketing we have hundreds of prospects that have indicated interest. Wejust need to be able to the regime before we can formally begin to actuallysigning contracts.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Okay and then in terms of therooms, just so we can calculate it correctly, how many rooms were open for the34 days at The Venetian?
Bill Weidner: It changed throughout the entireperiod, so for the most part I would say that we had an average of about 2200room open.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Brad Stone: That’s above average, maybe 2300and some of them had it do with furniture delivery, some had do with staffinglevels and just efficiencies. As Bill said we kind of rolled ourselves back,because we saw that we needed to make sure these people are trained, largesthotel by a factor of three that’s ever been be opened in Asia. And now we areup to just about almost 2900 room at The Venetian.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Finally just one lastquestion. In terms of the retail that’s working well for you right now, can youtalk about why it’s working well, is it brand, is it the location and how muchyou think the Four Seasons will help us to stop this now working as well?
Bill Weidner: I think the trader say that thecritical mass of retail is what’s going to help it. And we started off withabout 110 and through the month of September we opened more, I think wefinished in the month of September with about 130. And that will drop justsomewhere between 140 or 150 retailers. And we are opening some more duringanother 23, 30 during the month of November. As we get to the 300 plusretailers, that critical mass will be attracting more and it will make moreattractive as this shopping destination and when we open the Four Seasonshigh-end with 211,000 people that will also be a very significant attraction,because it’s all high-end, very high-end. And I want to make a commentabout rooms. What we are also proving in the validation of the vision Cotaistrip is that as day, each day goes by and each week goes by, the number ofmulti-night stays continues to increase and that’s evident in our numbers whenI just take a daily look at it; the number of daily check-ins is downsignificantly from where it was which means the people are staying and we areachieving higher occupancy rates. So, it means that people are staying longer.And that is one of the things that everybody said, all the doomsayers thatalways seem to follow us. End up wrong and typically end up coughing dust, onlyin Macao they don't stay for more than 1.2 nights, while we are not [closing]that they do and the market is convertible and there will be more and moremulti night stays.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Bill Weidner: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Joseph Greff with Bear Stearns please proceed sir.
Joseph Greff - Bear Stearns: Hi everybody. I was just hopingif you can give us a better sense as, as you look over the next 12 months atVenetian Macao. What do you think the fixed cost is to run that property?Obviously you are going to have the biggest expense it’s going to be the gamingtax which is variable, but how do you look at the fixed operating expense ofrunning that building?
Brad Stone: That’s something we are trying toreally get our hands around Joe quite frankly, as we work into the operation. Ithink there is significant opportunities for us, the fixed cost that are outthere that are variable are things like energy and things that is very expensive,we've got energy committees now together to make sure we dial in as Bill saysin terms of those efficiencies. As I said earlier I think there’s a lot ofsynergy between the two properties that we haven't capitalized on yet. We are just now, as you go througha property opening of this magnitude, you start learning things like averagelength of stage, you start translating that into productivity analysis, whichtranslates into staffing guides. And it's really early for us to tell that, weare pretty efficient operators and pride ourselves, and I think as we mature,The Venetian here in Las Vegas, as we matured atthe Sands in Macao.Part of what we’re trying to do is make sure that we focus in on those thingsand establish service standards that meet the criteria to the quality ofoperation, yet translate that into efficient operating expenses. We aren’t quite there yet. Ourbiggest challenge has been opening the property, and giving a great customerexperience. I think we've been very successful at that. The good news is Ithink we have a lot of road to hoe in terms of making sure that we operate asefficiently as possible. So, I am putting in those tools that quite frankly tosome degree at the opening of a property of this magnitude, and again we are inuncharted territory, here in Macao.This isn’t like opening a 3,000 room hotel in Las Vegas, where there is a manual written onit. There we're learning about multinight stays as Sheldon alluded to earlier. When we first opened the property,we had a lot of one night stays, lot of people from Hong-Kong and Shenzhen. Ifwe had been smart we would have had a minimum two night stay, but we didn’t,crushed ourselves a little bit at the opening. And we’ve recovered now. Welearned something every single day about Macaoand how to make the property work more efficiently for the customer, and how todrive more cash flow out of it. So, just to be frank we got waysto go there, and the good news is, the business is there, the business isgrowing. We will eventually get our hands around the operation, and get pastthe training of people of running 3,000 room, room service department, andhouse keeping departments, and the vile of people going through that casino andmall. The transportation systems that have never existed in Macao before, and conventions, and banquets,that have never existed there before. And we’ll get there and the good news iswe are not seeing it yet in the numbers, so there is a lot of upside for us interms of driving more margins out of our business. Wish I could tell you we’re theretoday, we aren't.
Sheldon Adelson: If you take the cumulativenumbers that we’d talked about, we’re talking about an average of 65,000 peoplea day on average. And obviously on weekends we get a significantly high numberthough. So, getting that many people to be it from the Peninsula, the bordergates are fit to be gangway gated in the Peninsula on the ferry terminal in thePeninsula. They are going to make a big, bigdifference when we open, when we start servicing we get more ferries in to [Pacon]terminal and open the Lotus gate with people around that. So as Brad we arefine tuning the opening and we are learning more about what’s going oneveryday. We are reallocating -- what we are learning is that tour operatorshave become the significant part and the FIT is high, the tour operatorparticipation is high and getting higher and we are learning which category ofrooms are going to be more profitable to us. And how the mid to high-end playwill be profitable when we conventions in. So it’s a learning process now, butwe are very happy that we see a diagonal line going upwards.
Joseph Greff - Bear Stearns: Great and then I have a separatequestion on Singapore.I guess where are you now in terms of the capital budget?
Brad Stone: We are working already throughthat Joe. We have some challenges in Singapore in terms of the coststructure that’s happening in that country and it's well documented thatcertain materials. I think at one point Bill has misquoted saying the costs areup 40%. There are items and line items in our construction budget particularlyit relates to concrete and think like that and sand because of raw materialsthat are up significantly. We are dialing the amount now. It’s going to beabove our original budget by a reasonable number but we think that as we workour way through we are finding that certain aspects particularlysuperstructures in the buildings we are paying a premium for, whereas many ofthe things like mechanical, electrical finishes and all are being rationallypriced in the marketplace. So we will be coming out shortly with some color onthat, but we are working through those issues as we speak. But you can expectto see that project go up in price, because of the realities of thatmarketplace.
Joseph Greff - Bear Stearns: Great thank you.
Operator: The next question comes form theline Steve Kent of Goldman Sachs please proceed sir.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Just a couple of questions, firstof it sounds like the retail trends as Sheldon, as you put it up in coming invery strong, so could you just discuss your appetite to monetize that asset insome way over the next 12 to 24 months? So that’s the first question. Secondquestion is, just broadly, are you converting shopper’s convention goers, eventgoers to gamblers, can you just talk about that broadly at The Venetian Macao?And then finally just broadly it looks like your revenues came in just a littlebit lighter than our expectations, but obviously the EBITDA came in much lighter,if you added just sort of besides whole percentage do you have any way toquantify the expense of this equation? Sheldon Adelson  I think to answer the last onefirst, I think that it’s still too early to fine tune the expenses, graduallyat this stage, but and the first question is, are we going to monetize the readdown. First of all we are not going even think about until we got all the shopsopen and until we stabilize the trends or just get to the point where it’sfull. And we don't see any rush to do this we feel quite confident that the caprate in Asia will be highly favorable andbetter than what we've sold at a 5%, 5.1% cap rate here in Las Vegas. So, we don’t know how to sellthat. We can provide that if want to borrow some money on that separately. Isuppose we could provide that as with collateral, and get more favorable ratesif we isolated that collateral.  What were the other questions youasked?
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: I think the experience there willbe similar to your experience here, Rob, you have some information, some coloron that too.
Rob Goldstein: Yeah, the thing about the GrandCanal Shoppes here in Las Vegas, we opened with about 20% of the stores openwhich I think is similar to our experience in Macau. We are running at $400 persquare foot.
Bill Weidner: We’ve got about a 30.
Rob Goldstein: Okay, but we opened here lessthan half, less than 40% like Macau. We’vegrown now three times those sales per square foot. Obviously the early numbersin Macau were very good, but I think with bodycount and maturity, more luxury, more jewelry, more watches, more luxuryfashion it only gets better. Our mall is just in its infancy and trading verywell, there is no question we got that mature and grow and grow, with conventions,with special events it gets stronger everyday. The trends have been promising,but our experience in Las Vegastells us that we have much, much better very, very quickly.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: The one question I had about therevenue and then the ability to translate that down to the operating lines?
Bill Weidner : Thank you. Certainly as wediscussed, we think we have significant opportunities to work on our operatingexpenses, you are seeing the first 34 days of a brand new type of operation.But also what you are seeing is the revenue and the quality in the mix of thoserevenues, which you are really seeing a very robust VIP business, which isbelow our margin business, and what’s encouraging is we saw a nice ramp up ofthe mass business in the month of October which wasn’t as evident in the 34days of operation. So, one of the keys to driving profitability at our placeisn’t managing the expenses, it’s managing somewhat the mix. So as we drivemore mass revenues through the property, obviously that takes a lot ofprofitability down, you really don't have a lot of cost other than the gamingtax and most of your other costs are fairly well fixed on the property. So seeing growth in the massbusiness and as we put assets in play like the ferry, as we have bring tradeshows and which drive incremental visitation to the property, as with more themall as a self desolate theaters opens, as we increase the number of boxes fromboarder gates and infrastructure, those things should help fuel the mass visitationto the property. Mass visitation means increased revenues, but good qualityincreased revenues. The VIP business is excellent for us; I don't want todismiss that at all. We do great profitability, but if not the same as mass. So what we would seek to do iscontinue to grow the VIP business, but grow the mass just proportionately tothat and I think that's when you are going to start seeing, when that massbusiness starts maturing, really no different than we saw at the Sands when youopen the Sands Macao back in May of '04. As that business improves we should bemuch more efficient in taking revenue dollars down to the operating line.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Brad, that's why I was asking thequestion of whether you were getting the shoppers convention goers, the gamegoers to becoming gamblers, because you have plenty of people coming throughthe casino, but is the issue trying to get them to play at the tables?
Brad Stone: Yeah I think it’s a combinationissues. I mean this is exactly the same pattern we saw with the Sands open. Wehad huge visitations as visitations flattened out at the Sands the quality ofcustomer actually improved, we got a rid a lot of the lucky loose and peoplelike that who try experience it. And we are learning things, like last night Ihad a meeting with a guys and we are talking about 5 and 6 and one of thethings we are going to have to address at The Venetian is because you havepeople that are shopping and stuff like that, they've got bags, they've gotthings that all out taken to casino. So surprised nobody has a retail mall ofthis magnitude in Macaoand we realize we have to build infrastructure to telling people have shoppingbags they can park them somewhere for a couple hours to gamble. We make itdifficult so we were sitting here last night in five and six adjusting based onwhat we have learned already at the Venetian to build storage areas right nearthe shopping areas at 5 and 6. We now have to go back and do the same thing outon The Venetian. So it’s -- we certainly don'twant discourage people from getting into our casino, because we won't let themcoming in with bags and we don't have anything as simple as that completesstory of damn thing. So we are going back and addressing that, it’s hard to seethe direct translation, but when you have trade show and then you have 30,000or 40,000 people coming to it, they aren't staying in a hotel, that’s peoplecoming in and fueling that casino floor and they are primarily mass customersand we can see the spike up in business when a trade show comes in or we have amajor concert, those body do translate into mass business. And I think our job is to as withagain, one of the things you do is you open these properties and you learnabout them as how we cross market to mall into the casino, how do we crossmarket the arena into the casino, how do we cross market trade show businessinto the casino. Those are the things that we are good at and that we haven'taddressed yet fully, because of the, just the challenge of opening this type ofoperation in an area that’s never had anything like it before. But those arethe things we are focused on in terms of sending people coming out of the arenato place a bet, coming out of the mall to place a bet and we’ll get there andthat are what we do.
Bill Weidner: To specifically answering yourquestion I was watching the high limit play and the drop during the days of theconvention, assuming that people have stayed all through night, have a highergaming budget and play higher, they are worth more than the average masscustomer there. I did notice although, I can't say that it contract to everyconvention, but I did notice an increase in the high limit play during the daysof the conventions. We need a lot more experience to see to validate that.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Bill Lerner from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed sir.
Bill Weidner: Bill, are you there?
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: Can you hear me, Scott?
Scott Henry: Yeah, we can hear now.
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Yes sorry. I will note that. Venetian 14.7% I think you got togo back to 1999, to get something close and then not even there so, I guessnever seen hold that low at The Venetian Vegas. This is historically, is theresomething usually math is math right, but is there something structurallydifferent about what happened this quarter or might have been going forward,that (inaudible).
Brad Stone:  Yeah the guys either.
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: It’s either. Okay, so it’s fine.
Bill Weidner: We can look to most recenthistory and it’s been a nice reversal of that.
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: Okay. That’s great. Same guy that you that (inaudible) in Mexicolittle while ago?
Bill Weidner: No.
Brad Stone: No we won’t see him around for awhile.
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: Thanks.
Bob Rozek: There is nothing, Bob Rozeknothing fundamental, the volume was good. We just seemed like we could win abet, particularly in the month of August, but.
Bill Weidner: No, I don’t think you have to goback that far though, I think that we experienced the same thing in 2002, 3 or4. I think we had these quarters, and the good news is there is lots of volume,lots of non-baccarat, good growth on non- baccarat which is encouraging. And asBrad referenced, it bounced back, it’s bouncing back, and it’s not a big, to meit’s not a big issue at all, a 14% whole.
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: And with the volume, volumeslooked great
Bill Weidner: I just like to point outgentleman and ladies; this is the nature of the business we’re in. Somequarters are good some quarters are not so good. And I like to repeat a quarterdoes not trend make. There is nothing structural; there is nothing fundamentalthat’s changed anything. We just then have a good quarter, that’s the end ofit. We think that that quarter is not lasting. We see what’s going on in April,things are up.
Brad Stone: October anyway.
Bill Weidner: Sorry October and things are up,things were up good and it just the nature of the business. And it makes a goodtrading opportunity for day traders and hedged funds.
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: Hey thanks guys.
Brad Stone: Well that’s all it does. Itdoesn’t change the nature of the business.
Bill Weidner: I just want to close by saying;we have seen all these things. We’ve gone through this before. We’ve been hereat The Venetian and so when the early days of The Venetian talking aboutconventioneers don’t gamble and lots of those kinds of things, exactly the sameretail, sales – it’s exactly the same process repeated again only halfwayaround the world. The good thing about over there is that the initial returnsare much, much stronger then initial returns were here at The Venetia in Las Vegas. So this processof maturing understanding, operating, marketing, dialing in each of thedifferent profit centers to make sure that those synergies maximize their wayto ought more result. And over their in Macao we have lots ofother things that we can put into the mix here in terms of delivering peopledirectly to the back on ferry terminal and more infrastructure to be able tomake this destination even more powerful. We are not hitting at all thecylinders of the physical things that drive people of the building, but yet weare averaging 65000 people a day. We have a big trade show on our NBA thing andwe get over 104,000 people through the door. So it’s a lot bodies comingthrough the door, announce the process of then being able to convert those bodiesand convert those activities to maximize operating income it’s going to take usa while but dial that in. On top of that we get select inthe first quarter we come out of the ship. So it is what it is so and we thenumbers were there, but I think as you dig in to the macro numbers and you lookat the actual kinds of body counts and the actual opportunities there maybe alot of things here, but there are a lot of ponies in there also. And if youreally go through that process you realize the power of what Macao is in termsof its macro growth, the power of the products in terms of the Sands productfor the day trip market near the ferry terminal, the power of The Venetianproduct is a destination product out there on Cotai without the sameinfrastructure that is on the Peninsula. Then as we built infrastructure aroundthe Cotai strip and add more critical mass it just gets stronger and stronger.So that’s I think will close our call for the day we appreciate it, appreciateyou coming certainly.
Brad Stone: You forgot to make one comment,most important thing. Some of our competitors have a habit of picking upthings. So I just wanted to clear, bigger is better, notwithstanding what ourcompetitors say bigger is better.
Bill Weidner: And with that we'll end ourconference for today. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for your participationin today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect.Good day.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-02 16:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Bill Weidner - President   Brad Stone - EVP   Sheldon G. Adelson - Chairman   Bob Rozek - CFO 
Analysts: Harry Curtis - J.P. Morgan   Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs   Joe Greff - Bear Stearns   Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies   Robin Farley - UBS   Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley   Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Las Vegas Sands Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Call. My name is Jendy, and I'll be the coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today's conference. (Operator Instructions).  I would now like to turn your call over to Mr. Bill Weidner, President of Las Vegas Sands. Please proceed sir. 
Bill Weidner: Thank you, Jendy, and good afternoon everyone, and thank you for your patience as we had many callers in the queue and wanted to wait a few minutes to allow them all to join us here at our conference. And thank you for joining us all here today.  On the call with me today are Mr. Sheldon G. Adelson, our Chairman, he is on the line from Boston; Brad Stone, our Executive Vice President; Rob Goldstein, President of The Venetian here in Las Vegas; Scott Henry, Senior Vice President; Bob Rozek, Chief Financial Officer, and Dan Briggs, our Vice President of Investor Relations are all with me here in Las Vegas.  Before we begin formally, I do need to remind you that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements that we're making under the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal securities laws.  I would also like to caution you that the company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption "forward-looking statements" for the discussion of the risks that may affect our results.  In addition, as we may discuss adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income, adjusted EPS and adjusted property EBITDAR, which are non-GAAP measures, a definition and reconciliation of each of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the press release.  Please note that this presentation is being recorded.  By now, you should have all received our press release detailing our financial results for the second quarter of 2007. Once again, we're going to try to keep our prepared remarks relatively short today, beginning with some highlights for the quarter and then moving onto a few concluding thoughts and then we'll open for your questions.  Second quarter consolidated adjusted EBITDAR came in at a second quarter record of nearly $200 million. That's about an 11% increase over second quarter of 2006. And Macao, the Sands delivered another strong quarter on the Macao Peninsula reaching another record quarterly gaming win.  Our VIP and slots businesses both achieved record levels of drop and win, and our visitation numbers continue to increase.  The mass business in the Macao market overall continues to enjoy a very healthy growth rate, over 30% for the quarter, as the market continues to grow in response to the high quality capacity being added to the marketplace on the Macao Peninsula.  Second quarter revenue at the Sands Macao came in at an all-time record of $377.4 million, that's an increase of over 21% compared to the second quarter of 2006.  Adjusted property EBITDAR for the Sands Macao came in at $116.6 million for the quarter, which is about the same as about one year ago.  Our results at the Sands were burdened by approximately $11 million of expenses, primarily for junket commissions and labor costs that were incurred to position us against new competition and to assure a smooth opening at The Venetian Macao. Those extraordinary expenses will no longer burden the Sands once we open The Venetian Macao later this month.  On the VIP market side, rolling volume was at an all-time record $7.3 billion in the quarter, up over 70% compared to the $4.3 billion in second quarter of 2006.  Since the initiation of our program in 2005, our rolling volume now exceeds $40 billion and our hold percentage has been approximately 3% over that entire period.  You will notice in our release that we have now changed our expected hold percentage to that 3% number to reflect our actual experience since initiation of the program and that huge volume of win that now informs our old percentage forecasts.  The construction of The Venetian Macao, one of the largest buildings in the world at over 10.6 million square feet and featuring our 3,000 suite hotel, our Paiza club, convention exhibition space, 15,000 feet sports and entertainment arena, Macao's first mega mall and the world's largest casino, is essentially completed. The Cirque Theater, featuring an original Cirque production, will open in spring of 2008.  We're now increasingly focusing our efforts on pre-opening activities, such as our recent sponsorship of The Venetian Macao Cup, which featured the Manchester United Football team playing the Shenzhen team in an exhibition match on July 23 at Macao Stadium.  Manchester United football players like Ronaldo and Rooney were the first guests of The Venetian Macao, which will open to the public, as I mentioned before, on August 28.  We intend to continue to partner with the world's most recognized sporting franchise, and we've signed an MOU to build the world's largest Manchester United store in the Grand Canal at The Venetian Macao.  In October the NBA's Cleveland Cavaliers, featuring LeBron James, will play the Orlando Magic and the Magic will play the China national team. Both games will be played at The Venetian Macao's 15,000-seat arena. Both of these NBA games will broadcast throughout China and around the region, as was the Manchester United game.  We also intend to partner with the NBA going forward as we will open an NBA store in Cotai Central, the nearly 800,000 square foot mall on the podium that bridges the Shangri-La Traders Hotel and the Sheridan St Regis Hotel Towers. These high profiling events are just the beginning of a series of activities and events that will help position The Venetian Macao as Asia's first true Las Vegas style multi-night stay destination resort.  With respect to progress on the development of the Grand Canal Shoppes, and the adjoining mall at the Four Seasons Macao, we now have 522 tenants. Last quarter, we had about 450 that are under contract, and executed final leasing documents for over 313. Last quarter, we had 150 that actually executed leasing documents.  Construction of the tenant fit out is progressing nicely as we expect to have over 100 stores and food and beverage outlets open at the grand opening on August 28, representing over 300,000 square feet. We expect another 350,000 square feet of Grand Canal Shoppes at The Venetian to open in November and the remaining 350,000 square feet is set to open in January 2008.  The 211,000 square foot Four Seasons Macao, features some of the world's most prestigious fashion and luxury brands, including Armani, Cartier, Dior, Fendi, Gucci, Aramis, Prada, Zania and others, all of which will directly connect to the Grand Canal Shoppes at The Venetian Macao. The Four Seasons mall will open in spring of 2008.  Our average base minimum rents for the Grand Canal Shoppes and the shops at the Four Seasons Macao continue to exceed $135 per square foot. Leasing incentives have been consistent both with our expectations and the premium luxury retail brands in Hong Kong.  Moving on to our proposed development of a trade show and convention destination in Hengqin Island, our engineering, design and architecture teams continue extensive collaboration with the project coordination committee and their consultants. Zhuhai's and Guangdong province overall plan for the development of Hengqin Island, of which our plans are a component, has been submitted to the appropriate authorities and is currently being integrated into the overall plan for the development of Hengqin Island.  We continue to enjoy support from all levels of the Chinese government, local officials in Zhuhai, and the provincial authorities in Guangdong province and await the continuing approval process.  Back in Las Vegas, The Venetian continues to produce record results. Second quarter EBITDAR for The Venetian was $83.2 million, up 32% compared to the quarter one year ago. Average daily rate was $266. REVPAR was an all-time second quarter record of $268, up more than 11% compared to the second quarter of last year. REVPAR was $337 if group catering revenues were added to the room revenues and divided by available rooms.  These outstanding results were achieved despite the loss of almost 17,000 room nights in the quarter due to our room renovation program, which has been timed to be completed before the opening of The Palazzo.  Palazzo construction remains on time and on budget. We topped off the building in June. We've now finalized our plans to open Las Vegas's newest casino resort hotel to the public on December 20.  To commemorate the opening of the shops at The Palazzo, which will be anchored by Barneys New York and will contain many of the world's most prestigious fashion retailers, we will be holding a grand opening weekend celebration for both The Palazzo and The Shoppes at The Palazzo beginning on Friday January 18, 2008.  Our custom built theater, which will present the Broadway hit Jersey Boys, will be open later in the spring.  Our retail leasing activity in The Palazzo Mall is going extremely well and is now nearing completion with rental rates consistent with our budgets and our expectations.  In Singapore, our construction continues to advance at a steady pace. As we mentioned in our press release, we have now begun to accept indications of interest from retailers in our approximately 800,000 square foot mall The Shoppes at The Marina Bay Sands. And those indications of interest are far greater rents than any property in Singapore, reflecting the tremendous potential of this unique retail asset. We remain on track for an opening of The Marina Bay Sands in late 2009.  In Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, the demolition, preservation, and refurbishment work on the industrial icons that will prominently be featured in the Sands Bethwork project is now nearing completion. The new order for the structural steel will be placed this month and erection of the structures begin next February.  We recently submitted an application for final site plan approval with the city of Bethlehem and anticipate approval some time in September.  With that, that concludes the highlights, but we want to end on a couple of notes here. We're clearly executing across the board. Before we go to the Q&A I'd like to summarize the enthusiasm we feel as a company and as a management team. First, the Las Vegas property is performing extremely well.  And on December 20, we'll unleash the full power of our business model and to begin to capture the efficiencies manifested in our master plan by opening the 3068-suite Palazzo.  The Palazzo is designed to extend our highly successful convention-based all-suite destination resort business model to capture corporate and group and trade show business as well as FIT room and food and beverage demand, and to leverage backup house efficiencies to deliver stronger margins. And, of course, specifically designed to appeal to our increasingly important high-end Asian customer.  On the Macao Peninsula, Sands is also performing exceptionally well. We will add 238 rooms to the product mix of this building in September. The Sands is demonstrating its first mover advantage as Macao's first 21st Century casino, built right for the right market in the right location, right at the ferry terminal and on Avenue Amizade.  It's easy to see, easy to get in and to get out of, with the right infrastructure, and it continues to do exceptionally well against wave upon wave of new products in Macao.  But just four weeks from today, on August 28, we'll begin in earnest to realize the full potential of Macao's future, and lead the transformation of Macao's visitation from a gaming locale, primarily serving day trippers, to an international trade show and convention driven multi-night stay world-class resort destination.  With the opening of The Venetian Macao, the anchor of the Cotai Strip, the incredibly strong market growth statistics clearly support the strategy to be along Macao and the trends within that growth.  For example, more four and five star room all-night visitors to Macao, retail rents closer to those in Hong Kong than the old Macao, our advanced bookings of trade shows and conventions, and our tour operator contract commitments for Venetian Macao, all bode well as indicators that our long term strategy for the new Macao as Asia's premier trade show and convention-driven destination resort is right on.  Additionally, we continue to develop millions of square feet of branded destination retail and vacation suite product on the Cotai Strip, while we aggressively advance our projects in Singapore, Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, and Hengqin Island. And we continue to pursue additional development opportunities around the world.  So, we're clearly running full speed, but rest assured, as we move ahead our number one focus remains the same execution in operations, in development, and in the identification and aggressive pursuit of future opportunities. We remain confident that execution of those plans will produce tremendous results and industry leading returns.  And with that opening statement, I would now ask the operator to open the line for any questions that you may have. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your first question will come from the line of Harry Curtis from J.P. Morgan. 
Harry Curtis - J.P. Morgan: Afternoon guys. 
Brad Stone: Good afternoon. 
Bill Weidner: Hi, Harry. 
Harry Curtis - J.P. Morgan: Couple of quick questions. I'm not in a place where I can get a copy of the press release and so when you mentioned the $116.6 of EBITDAR in Macao, was that before or after you back out the extraordinary expenses? 
Bill Weidner: Before. So if you add -- I mean it would be $11 million higher if you add the extraordinary expenses back in. 
Harry Curtis - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then the hold, we calculated the hold impact as being about $3 to $4 million, the difference between the 3 and the 3.44%. Is that about right? 
Bob Rozek: We actually forecast that just a little bit higher than that. And the way we do our formula is we take the win as a factual item, we then adjust the commission program at 1.1 for the additional volume we would have created had we held lower and won the same amount of money. And so it's probably more in the order of about $9 million. But then again when you add the $11 million back we're basically in the same price, about $116, $117 of EBITDAR. 
Harry Curtis - J.P. Morgan: And then lastly, Bill you made some comments several weeks ago about how you thought occupancy might look at Venetian in October and it was a nice number, around 80% to 85%. Can you give us a sense of what the data is there behind it, and do you have any sense that the subsequent months are building in the same way? 
Bill Weidner: Well, I mean I think the best way to look at our opening would be if we could we would have soft-opened the building. But the building is so big and so dramatic there's no such thing as soft opening, it will just be flooded. So, what we decided to do was open it full board on the 28, 29, in that range, we would expect the building to be fully occupied and chock-a-block.  We intentionally backed off in accepting groups and things in September so that we could actually allow our employees to kind of learn their way around even though they'll be in the building. They've already checked the menu team in and out and actually served food and things so they are practicing.  But in any large size opening like this you always have the deer in the headlights effect when 3000 rooms open. I know we've been kicking around these ideas that in the 5000-year history of Asia on the 29, more beds will be made, more breakfasts served, more hallways cleaned than ever in the history of Asia. So this is the biggest building, the biggest hotel there by far.  But, anyway, we want to take time in September to actually kind of begin to understand how the different market segments contribute to the casino floor. The beauty of our overall business plan, as it is demonstrated here in Las Vegas, is that our convention business is something that can be tuned up and tuned down. FIT business, junket business, incented high-end play. And you really have to have several different knobs, if you will, to carry that analogy further in trying to orchestrate how you maximize your income.  So, we want to use September as a way of looking at behavior on the floor of Asians that come to conventions -- behavior in terms of how the FIT customer behaves on the floor, how many rooms the junket rep operators are using within the building. And so that'll be our experimental month.  Now, October is going to be a very strong convention and exhibition month and we have the NBA teams there. So a lot of occupancy in October is essentially driven by -- I think it's somewhere in the area 30%, 35% of our total room nights are spoken for by convention business at that time.  Add to it the special events and then add to it what the junket reps are indicating they want for rooms, that doesn't leave a whole bunch of rooms, quite frankly, for the FIT market to run an 80%, 85% occupancy.  So, we think October and November begin to actually demonstrate what the business plan will achieve.  We then we get into December and December is kind of an interesting month. The beginning of the month is commercial I guess you would say. Then you get to the middle, the end of the month is Chinese new -- or Chinese, call it Christmastime.  So, anyway, just a long-winded way of explaining how we're thinking how we'll orchestrate the opening. And by the time we get into call it December and January, I think we'll have a pretty good indication of how we want to dial up and dial down the various market segments as we get into next year.  The building, I hate to overstate it, obviously you fall in love with your own children as soon as they're born but the building is dramatic. And I guess the captain of Manchester United, his name is Ryan Giggs, was quoted in London when he came back. They toured Asia, they went to all these different hotels. And his quote was this is, “I've stayed in many hotels all around the world because I'm with Manchester United, but never seen a hotel like this.” I think that reflects how people react and relate to the building. The building is the drama of what we experience here at the Venetian on steroids and in a place where people just haven't seen a building like it.  So, I think we're going to get a very, very strong word-of-mouth result from the opening overall. I think the combination of the different market segments in dialing up and dialing down will allow us to learn as we go with the different segments we can address by what we've built into the building.  So, that'll give you an outline of how we're thinking the opening might look like. 
Harry Curtis - J.P. Morgan: One last follow-up, then I'll get off. If you had to hazard a guess on the mix of room nights that the junket reps would be accounting for, where would that be? 
Bill Weidner: As much as a third. So you'll have some percentage of, call it, direct business, you'll have as much as a third junket business, as much as a third of your convention business and then there could be 15%, 20% that would be tour and travel and 15%, 20% depending upon midweek, week and FIT. That's kind of the way we would see it.  But, again, I think we're going to be in the enviable position of trying to figure out how do we most efficiently allocate rooms. If we're right about the drama of the building and how this thing takes off.  We want to be flexible enough to try to not lock ourselves into too much advance commitment of rooms where we can't adjust quickly to where we see the highest maximization model in terms of accommodation of room rates, food and beverage income, and casino income. 
Harry Curtis - J.P. Morgan: That takes care of it for me. Thanks guys. 
Bill Weidner: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Kent of Goldman Sachs. 
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Hi Bill, can you hear me? 
Bill Weidner: Yes, Steve. 
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Hi Bill, just two things. One, on the new visa restrictions, can you just talk about how, if at all, they're impacting Sands Macao and how you think they might impact Venetian Macao. And then, also, are you on schedule, on track, to get that 40% of the retail open by August 28? 
Bill Weidner: I don't know that what we said represented 40% of the retail. Depends on how you measure. I think 300,000 square feet relating to over a million, so it's 30% I think. 
Brad Stone: I think a fair way to put it is that's about 25% larger than The Grand Canal Shoppes here in Las Vegas. So, it's a substantial presentation. St. Marks Square will be open, which is, of course, one of the major iconic parts of that, as will the Great Hall, which if you're familiar with Venetian is vital here and it's a spectularly more dramatic space than the one here in Las Vegas. So, Canal will be open, the St. Marks Square will be open. So from a traction value it should be pretty spectacular.  And our goal is to get more than the 100 tenants we're talking about. We're pushing for that and I believe we have a reasonable chance of opening with a few more than we're stating currently. 
Bill Weidner: To address the IVS scheme. I think the way to look at it, the IVS scheme is a China-wide phenomenon. It addresses several provinces in about 30 major cities. The IVS system is largely unchanged. The primary focus of these changes for the IVS system relates directly to more the frequent local visitor out of Guangdong province. And the two aspects of that are primarily -- are that, there used to be a business visa granted to businessmen in the Pearl River Delta for as many visits as they want for a year. Can you hear me? Steve, you still with us? Hello. 
Operator: Okay. I do apologize. We will go to our next question and that will be from Joe Greff. 
Bill Weidner: Okay, I guess I probably should finish Steve's question I guess, right. 
Brad Stone: We lost Steve, but Bill's going to finish that question. 
Bill Weidner: All right, to the best I can. Now the multi-visit business visa is granted on a quarterly basis, so businessmen still can come to Macao multiple times but they have to apply four times a year for those multi-visits.  The second primary effect was the dual visa. That is you could go to Hong Kong and take a side trip to Macao without having a second visa. Now you have to apply for both Hong Kong and Macao separately, but you can still go to Hong Kong and Macao you just have to go through the process twice. The waiting period is a little bit longer also.  So, basically what it’s doing is, I'll call it, discouraging local day trip visits to Macao and encouraging longer term visits to Macao. And the IVS scheme, according to the folks that are involved with it that I've talked to directly, was beginning of the summertime did not have the gates as blocked up with short-term visitors to open it up to have long-term visitors that are probably more valuable than the locals.  So, in my conversations with members of mainland Chinese government, they're indicating, number one, they want to make sure that the convention visitor is not affected by the IVS scheme so they've asked us to suggest to them how we make sure that that doesn't affect our convention business, and asked us for our reaction or response to their modifications to the IVS scheme.  I think everybody will be trying to tweak and dial and figure out what the highest and best value of visitor to Macao is.  So, anyway that's a long-winded way of discussing the IVS scheme. We are seeing some effects at the Sands. We're seeing some effects in the marketplace in terms of the mix of business from mainland China versus Hong Kong and other places.  I would imagine with the opening of the Venetian Macao I think we'll see that mix change further where we'll see more people from Japan and Korea, Thailand and Taiwan and other places. I would expect the visitation to mainland China to continue to grow, perhaps not at the same pace of the local visitation, but a greater pace of visitation through IVS schemes from places like Dalion and Changchun and Beijing and Shanghai and places further away.  I would expect that the IVS system will be tweaked now and then as mainland China figures out the best way to be able to control social issues, as well as make sure that Macao continues its ability to grow and prosper. 
Joe Greff - Bear Stearns: Okay, can I ask a question now? This is Joe Greff. Two quick questions, I guess both for you, Bill. For Venetian Macao, as you look into '08, you touched upon good advance bookings related to convention rooms. Can you just remind us in terms of room nights sold for next year what percentage do you think goes to the MICE business. And maybe you can talk about it in relation to capacity utilization for the square footage for the convention space?  And then my second question relates to Hengqin. I know you had some language in the press release and maybe you can just talk a little bit how those discussions are going, how extensive those discussions are going, and whether or not the timing is being impacted by the Olympics in Beijing and whether or not you can sort of put it in any timeline fashion? I know that's difficult. Thank you. 
Bill Weidner: Two questions, I mean I guess the first one was utilization of convention space relative to room nights. We don't necessarily think all that much in those terms. I mean our convention space and our exhibition space is part of that process of tweaking different market segments to maximize income.  So, I think if you think of our convention space as the way of being able to drive occupancy when we need it or want it, we don't think in terms of gee, I want to reach 100% occupancy in my convention space because then I'll maximize my income by squeezing out more valuable profit segments.  So, we don't think of maximization of utilization of space, we think of what seasons and what days of the week do we need occupancy and how do we maximize the income out of that occupancy. So, I would imagine that we'd be looking at convention space somewhere between 20% and 30% of room nights. That's probably where we'll be.  And we hope to reach more like 20% simply because if the junket room nights and the FIT rooms nights are more valuable on the casino floor and from the rooms themselves, we're happy to have convention space available to fill all the rooms because we'll be opening Four Seasons. We'll be opening St. Regis and other places.  And now the exhibition space as built in phase one is oversized relative to The Venetian because it's intended to incent room rates and room nights throughout the strip, the Cotai Strip. The second question related to-- 
Brad Stone: Hengqin. 
Bill Weidner: Okay. Look, all we've been told is to be patient, is that we are doing the right things, we've positioned ourselves and have worked very closely with them. As I mentioned before, Hengqin Island is a special district and they realize the importance of Hengqin Island. Hengqin Island is three and a half times the size of Macao. It has one foot in Zhuhai, one foot in Macao, and one foot in Guangdong province as it relates to the region.  So this is China and in China things move along in a collegial, cooperative, input laden way. And so there are economists, there are environmentalists, there are city planners, and all those type of people that sit on our committee. So all they're telling us is to not be discouraged but to be patient.  And I don't think it has anything to do that much with the Olympics. I think it has more to do with them trying to figure out given the historic rapid increase in the economy of Macao, the strength of the Hong Kong economy, the strength of the Pearl River Delta in terms of exports, how will they maximize the value of Hengqin Island land and how our proposal relates to the overall economic development of the Pearl River Delta.  So, they say, we like what you're doing, we appreciate your planning process, be patient. 
Joe Greff - Bear Stearns: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Klatzkin of Jefferies. 
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Hi guys. Looks like things are moving along right on plan. A couple of questions. One, busing. With the size of what you're opening, what are your busing plans as far as getting the mass market customers into your property as you open? 
Brad Stone: Well, Larry, we just -- we're in the process of taking delivery of about 85 buses that we ordered from Europe. They're various sizes, 45 passenger, 35 passenger, and 25 passenger. And that is above and beyond what we already have in the area of about 25 to 30 buses. Those buses will be deployed with various border gates.  Obviously, the border gate at the Lotus Bridge is a very quick commute into The Venetian property. The HKIA ferry terminal, which will be developed, is also very quick from there. And then, of course, we'll be at the Kung Bay Gate and the ferry terminal.  So we have made sure that we have a presence, a large presence, of multiple sized buses, all brand new beautiful buses, leather seating, air-conditioned, et cetera. And we view the busing that we're creating to be our front door. When they get off that ferry or they go through the gate we want to make sure that we have a very strong presence, that we have ample capability to get people to the property.  And we believe that that along with, we're purchasing a number of limousine/taxis, that we have good inflow from the border crossings into the property. 
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Are you also working with companies to bus people from throughout China to the border gates? 
Brad Stone: Yes, we're working very strongly. We have a gentleman name Steven Webster who is our VP of basically consumer marketing. He came out of both Atlantic City and came out of properties down in Mississippi and was involved in all the busing programs in those markets. And we're working with many operators in China.  We've thrown them out and considered buying our own buses and entering into management agreements similar to what we're doing with the ferries. I mean, we're buying ferries, then we're going to have a third party operate those ferries for us. We may take a similar approach or attempt to take a similar approach with busing from the particularly Guangdong province to the border gates themselves to ensure that we have capacity coming to the borders, that it's directed towards our property.  So, we're currently exploring that option as well. 
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: All right. As far as convention meetings going, what kind of number do you have scheduled in October through December of this year? 
Bill Weidner: What's that, the number of meetings or--? 
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Yes, convention meetings you have scheduled at the convention center. 
Bill Weidner: I don't know the exact number. I know it represents about 30% of our occupancy October, November. 
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Can you comment on Japan with the change in government? Does that make things slower or faster? 
Bill Weidner: I guess the answer is I don't know because the LDP that we've been working with for over a year or the entity that were involved in the study group, the cycle know that are her people. The opposition has not taken a position for or against the exploration of gaming. I don't know that it's taken on a political bent.  Clearly if the leadership changes that would mean delay because the opposition have to get its arms around the same study done by the LDP. These were interim elections so they were in the upper house as opposed to the lower house. While it does not necessarily bode well in the overall general election or the next election cycle. It doesn't mean that the LDP is over.  So, I mean we continue to work with them. We are going to have dozens and dozens of LDP members that will be touring our building as we open, and the study committee itself as well as its advisors will be there for the opening.  So I mean our thought is just position ourselves well, build these buildings well, open them well, and as Japan observes what we do, put ourselves in a position to be the developer and operator of choice. Whether it happens in 2008 or 2010 or 2011, it's a market that we want to be well positioned in and we think this opening will help us do so. 
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: That's a good answer. And then last question, some of your competitors have said that there's a commission war going on and commissions have ramped up. Could you respond to that because I've heard mixed on that? 
Bill Weidner: Well, I'll tell you the report in the newspaper is wrong. We're reducing commissions because we can. We have the hammer with the opening of The Venetian and the Venetian is the product of choice. And we have a waiting list of junket reps at a reduced commission rate. It is now time to leverage changes from little VIP rooms with guys that run around serving customers, to customers making choices about better quality places.  And so we think the leverage changes with the opening of Venetian and while we appreciate our junket room partners as it were, or the developers of our junket room business, what's fair is fair and we think that the junket room rate that we've identified is fair for the billions of dollars we've invested in product.  So, the rumors that we're increasing junket commissions is absolutely wrong. 
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies: Excellent. Well, thank you very much, that's good news. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley of UBS. 
Robin Farley - UBS: Thanks. Just wanted to clarify a couple of things. First, can just clarify if all 3,000 rooms at The Venetian be open on August 28?  And then also, I just want to square your comment talking about The Venetian opening allowing you to cut commissions with kind of what you talked about on the release about the Sands and the junket retention program.  And then lastly, I know you talked a bit about the visa restrictions already. Can you help us sort of quantify a little bit or how to think about when you look at the sort of sequential change in your mass market drop, how much of that was due to the visa restrictions versus just new competition in the market? Just to help us understand that better. Thanks. 
Brad Stone: To answer the first question, it's our plan to have all 3000 rooms open at the 28. Obviously, when you open these buildings the top suites are the last ones to do but I toured those last week and I think we're in excellent shape and I would expect that 100% of the product will be open on the 28 of August.  The second question in terms of squaring the commission situation, I mean we're going to be at a 1.1 commission, we've already communicated that. Currently for the quarter, we came in about 1.13% at the Sands.  As you know, we've had this junket retention program. The deal right from the beginning was that junket retention program was to carry us through and establish a base of junket business, which I think we've done and proven. We paid a little bit for that because we were, let's say, product deficient in terms of particularly the room product at the Sands.  What happens at this end of this month and the beginning of the next month is two things. One, we obviously open The Venetian, but again we also open 240 spectacular guest rooms, all suite product at the Sands itself. At that point in time, just like we said to the junket reps when we put this program in place roughly a year ago, the commission program goes back to a 1.1.  We believe that what happens to the junket rep is while they may make less per customer, both facilities allow the junket rep to expand their business significantly. Currently, if you're a junket rep at the Sands you're lucky if you get five rooms a night. We'll now be in a position to give them probably 40 or 50 rooms a night because the Sands will be almost entirely junket driven in terms of issuing product.  Obviously The Venetian, with its 3000 rooms, spectacular suites and other assets, we'll be able again to help those junket reps grow their networks and their business.  So there's going to be a bit of a trade-off for our junket reps. They will make less per person but what they'll do is they'll be able to expand significantly in their base. And I think people sometimes question how we feel we can cut a commission and still maintain our business and save this money.  It's our belief that we're only going to grow our business with more asset available for these junket reps. And at the end of the day, they'll make more money, but so will we as we improve our margins but we give them an opportunity to grow their business with asset that supports that.  The third question was --? 
Robin Farley - UBS: About the visa restrictions, the sequential change in the mass market drop. 
Brad Stone: Well, maybe we'll do two things here, I'll answer part of the question because I think that when you look at the drop in our business, a substantial part of the loss of our mass business has been at the hot -- unfortunately the mass business is almost defined as everything but rolling chip. So it's kind of a misnomer. There are people that are betting HKD100 and there are people betting HKD5000 and they're both considered mass customers if they're not on a rolling chip program.  One of the things that we have seen since new product has come on board, particularly new product that has rooms associated with it, we've lost some of that what I call the high-end portion of our mass business. That portion is down about 30%, whereas the mass part is only down about 5%.  Again, I think the good news for us is as we open the room product we will be in a position at the Sands to recapture some of that business.  And again, like from day one, The Venetian will be very strong against that premium customer. I mean, this is a customer who doesn't come on a rolling program, who we have been a little bit hindered by not having an asset that we can offer them like the restaurant comp. So I think on a macro sense, a lot of where we have lost some business it's been at the premium side.  I'm not sure that's necessary IVS as much as it is other people having product that we didn't have and I'll let Bill discuss the macro dynamics of the IVS and that business. 
Bill Weidner: Well, I think the second thing you talked about was the new competition in the marketplace. I think that's shown by our headcounts being up but what I think what happens is the more things there are to see and do the more people perhaps share their visit with more than one place.  And the difference between new capacity and quality new capacity is the higher the quality of the new capacity, the more lucky-loop process that there is.  So, I think it's expected that the dilution of per table win would be in place as a bunch of tables are thrown in the marketplace. I think you'll see two things in the future. I think you'll see a consistently quality will out. People may leave, may look at new places. But at the end of the day the place that they're most comfortable in and the place that gives them the best quality of service for their mass visit will win the higher share.  And secondly, I think you'll probably see some tables disappearing from the marketplace as things calm down and certain competitors aren't able to compete.  So I think that The Venetian will have an interesting effect overall because I think we'll change now I'll call it the epicenter of what Macao is because Venetian will begin to balance the visitation from the peninsula to the Cotai Strip. And particularly as the new Pac On ferry terminal offers an alternative, preferably a better alternative, to the current ferry terminal, where people can cruise directly either from the airport or from Hong Kong or Shenzhen or whatever. Or even from Zhuhai, to be able to avoid the lines at the current Kong Bay border gate with a 15 minute ride, then a ferry to Pac On terminal and be at Cotai will change the dynamic of the mass visitation of the marketplace.  So I think the combination of new product that will drive more visitors, new visitors, from further away, the fact that that visitor more than likely will visit more than one place, and the most attractive place for the mass visitor, places for the mass visitor will win more than their fair share, I think it's fairly easy to see what that dynamic looks like.  What it doesn't bode well for are the me-too poorly positioned, poorly financed operators that have come into the market more recently. So, I think as we've seen some VIP rooms close I think you'll see some of those places that are poorly executed mass places will not perform well. 
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay great, that's all very helpful. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Celeste Brown of Morgan Stanley. 
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Hi guys, good afternoon. So, a couple of questions on the VIP business. First, can you give us a percentage of your business that's none Chinese, I guess the rest of Asia. And then I guess your estimate on how deep that market is. I think we've all been surprised by how fast the VIP has grown this year.  And Brad and Bill you both commented on your ability to pay a lower commission rate at The Venetian because it's better. Do you think you can cut it from the 1.1% if there's enough demand? 
Brad Stone: Well, I think we'd want to start very carefully on that. We've made arrangements with our junket reps, we've communicated the 1.1%. I mean that's always a possibility. I think that there are probably going to be people in the marketplace quite frankly that react by upping their junket rates because they're going to need to try and attract business. So it may not put us in a position.  The one thing we want to work on, and I think we're going to be in a much better position again with room product, is to attract direct play to the property without losing junket reps and that is a lower commission basis to start with because we're bringing those people, we aren't using a middleman.  Again, that's primarily in regions that we have the ability to extend credit like Hong Kong and Thailand or Taiwan, et cetera.  So we expect to see an increase in that business which, in a sense, will bring down the overall mix from the maximum of 1.1% as we bring in our own directly marketed to customers of The Venetian asset on board.  I'm sorry the other question -- 
Bill Weidner: I think just to chime in on that. I mean at the current elevated rate of junket commissions with the current retention program in place, we're running reasonable margins against the junket play. Our experience is 20% plus.  So, there's an argument that if someone really wanted to fundamentally change the market to someone like us, well capitalized, lots of mass play, plenty of cash flow, there's an argument to say increase commissions and squeeze everybody else out. And, quite frankly, the process has, to a certain extent, taken place. But I think we feel that we can achieve a fair margin against that play and that the junket rep operator will be sufficiently incented to go find new business.  So, the combination of that balance with the, call it, the quality of support that Brad talked about that junket operators will have that they've never had before in terms of the kinds of experiences, the kinds of physical product, the amount of physical product, and the sense and feel of a real Las Vegas style destination will help us to do that. I guess you would say affect the marketplace without increasing commissions with a combination of physical product and their ability to draw new customers and a fair margin for us as well as incentives for them is balanced at the new junket rate commissions that we're forecasting now. 
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: And then in terms of how deep you think the non-Chinese VIP market is and what the percentage of your VIP business is today, non-Chinese. 
Bill Weidner: Well, it depends on how you define Chinese. I mean about 99.97% of our business is Chinese. 
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Non-mainland, sorry. 
Bill Weidner: Non-mainland, okay. Non-mainland is probably, I don't know, I couldn't hazard a guess. I don't want to pull out of my rear end. I don't think we even should guess because I don't think it's a politically correct way of describing our business. 
Brad Stone: I do think this Celeste. Obviously with product coming online like we have, we have purchased two 737 aircrafts to bring junkets in from places like Thailand and Taiwan and Japan. We're well positioned to add to the current mix of our business and by the very nature of that perhaps affect the mix somewhat.  We just want to be in a position to -- and whether it's Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Thailand, whatever, we want to be in a position to capture that and we're doing that through having a spectacular product, as Bill pointed out, we believe with a very fair commission rate for the junket reps themselves and for customers to come on a direct basis.  And then putting behind that other assets like aircraft and stuff that facilitate ease of travel into Macao to incent that business to come to the Venetian and now that we've got room product, now that we can put those type of programs in place.  And it was tough doing that when you had 51 suites at the Sands, but now we'll have 300 suites at the Sands and we'll have obviously 3000 suites at Cotai at The Venetian. We're going to be well positioned to expand beyond our local region in terms of new destinations. And we think there's a hunger for that, particularly when you surround that experience with everything The Venetian has to offer and we're going to be very supportive of junket reps in other locales to bring people into our properties. 
Bill Weidner: One of the specific pledges we made to the government, and that we're fulfilling now, is their concern, what I mean by that is mainland Chinese government, that the current operators are too dependent on mainland China. And the Sands, with only 51 suites, was positioned against the current Macao market, which is heavily weighted toward Mainland China in terms of its day trip orientation.  The whole idea of The Venetian and the whole idea of the Cotai Strip was to broaden Macao and make it an international destination that happens to have a part of its business all of mainland China since mainland China is right on our doorstop. But the whole concept, as Brad was explaining, was to have the convention business, the FIT business, the international tour and travel business, the businesses that reach out into other marketplaces to make Macao a destination.  So, answering what's happening today wouldn't fully give rise to a discussion about why The Venetian is done the way that it is and what markets it aims at in order to broaden the base of Macao forever. 
Brad Stone: I'd like to add. This is Sheldon and frankly I was getting lonely here, I thought I was out of sight out of mind. I think we want to point out, Bill, that the day trip market ends up if you divide the number of visitors we have into the number of the dollars, I think it comes to about $130 something like that.  I think we can expect that somebody who gets on a plane and flies an hour or two, whether it's from Taiwan, [Kowshing] for 40 minutes, or Beijing for three hours, that they're going to bring a significantly higher budget. So, instead of looking at a couple of hundred dollar, few hundred dollar budget that a day tripper comes with because they expect they can come back in a few days or next week. These people will think they can come back less often so they'll come with a substantially higher gaming budget.  And listen, we don't really know. This is what we expect, this is what Las Vegas experiences, and certainly these people will experience the same thing. 
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. 
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Bill Lerner of Deutsche Bank. 
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: Thanks guy. Actually two questions. One, how do you think the current sort of macro credit situation impacts this ultimate sale of the retail square footage in Macao? And then, of course, other markets like Singapore, which is off further down the road.  And then the follow-up is, can you just give us a sense of how July tracked the continuation of strong trends in Macao? And I'll leave it there. 
Bill Weidner: We don't really comment about beyond the quarter so it's hard to give you a sense for that. I don't think it would be fair.  And secondly, I guess to address your first question -- 
Sheldon G. Adelson: Well, what they want to know whether or not the capital markets are impacting Asia. My own opinion is that I don't think so because they're different markets, they're different -- the buyers, different lenders other there. We're not experiencing a significant reaction on our Singapore issue and Singapore financing. And listen, if it spreads to Asia then clearly there could be an impact there.  But, we're talking about profit properties here and malls are not bought and sold over there like they are in the United States. And if we're correct, there should be a significant number of buyers, or whatever number buyers there are going to bid this up. There's nobody that we've talked to. We're still optimistic that we will be south of 5% cap rate, perhaps even south of 4%.  But I'm not making a projection, I'm just saying that people talk numbers over there give or take 4. 
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: And from a demand perspective, forget about financing for a second, like I said it'll eventually take care of itself, the demand perspective in the last couple of months, or whatever the recent timeframe you want to use, no real delta in level of demand for those retail assets? 
Sheldon G. Adelson: We've let it be known that we're not putting those assets on the block until after we open. So, our people haven't got back to us if they -- Bill, have you talked to Steven, has he gotten any current interest? 
Bill Weidner: Well, there's always interest with drive-by and call in interest. But I think the sense is that we want to have these assets more mature so we can maximize whatever the value might be. And, quite frankly, as we've talked about before Sheldon, at our multiple of EBITDAR, if they're generating hundreds of millions of income, there maybe less need or requirement or interest in necessarily liquidating them at a particular point in time.  We certainly are going to liquidate them sooner than later because they just get more valuable over time. 
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: Good, thanks guys. 
Operator: And this concludes the Q&A portion. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Bill Weidner for closing remarks. 
Bill Weidner: Well, I appreciate your questions. Hopefully you appreciated our answers. And I think, again, we had an outstanding quarter and we look forward to a very exciting couple of quarters coming up.  I don't know if anybody's ever opened properties of these size one quarter after another but we'll have one in Asia, a huge place, and one here in Las Vegas. So in the next six months I think it's a fundamental change to the company in terms of its anchor position in its home market, I guess you would say here in Las Vegas, and its leadership position over in Macao.  So, it is certainly an exciting time for the company and I think as we open these trophy assets now that they'll be the largest place in Las Vegas by far, it's an interesting thing to talk about as you show mainland Chinese around what you do in your home marketplace. And well, I know that we have now had about six different delegations from the mainland China and other governments in the other area that have toured the building in Macao before it opens. That building is certainly a trophy communicator to other markets there in Asia.  So, we're excited about what's going to happen in the next month and what's going to happen the next three or four months in terms of how the perception of the company on a global scale will change as rapidly as it will.  So with that, we appreciate your attendance of our conference call today and look forward to talking to you again between now and next quarter and certainly at the end of next quarter. Thanks again for your attendance. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes our presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-05-02 16:30:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-02-05 16:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Sheldon Adelson - Chairman   William Weidner - President and COO   Brad Stone - Executive Vice President   Scott Henry - Senior Vice President   Bob Rozek - Chief Financial Officer   Dan Briggs - VP of Investor Relations 
Analysts:  Harry Curtis – JP Morgan   Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs   Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies   Joe Graf - Bear Stearns   David Anders - Merrill Lynch   Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley   Robin Farley - UBS   Jake Hogan - Banc of America Securities 
Operator: Welcome to the fourth quarter 2006 Las Vegas Sands Corporation earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. William Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer. Please proceed, sir. 
William Weidner: Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you all for joining us here today. With me in Las Vegas are Mr. Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman; Brad Stone, Executive Vice President; Scott Henry, Senior Vice President; Bob Rozek, our Chief Financial Officer, and Dan Briggs, our VP of Investor Relations.  Before we begin, I do need to remind you that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of federal securities laws. I would also like to caution you that the company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption of forward-looking statements for a discussion of risks that may affect our results.  In addition, we may discuss adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income, adjusted EPS and adjusted property EBITDAR, which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure is included in the press release. Please note, as Tim mentioned, this presentation is being recorded.  By now you should have all received our press release detailing our financial results for the fourth quarter and for the year 2006. Our results confirm that we continue to execute on our operating and development strategies both in Asia and in the United States. In Macao, The Sands delivered another strong quarter reaching a record fourth quarter gaming win. This was our first full quarter after opening our podium expansion. Our visitation and operating metrics are continuing to reflect incremental growth, even as extensive, additional high quality capacity is added to the marketplace.  In Las Vegas the Venetian delivered the strongest quarterly performance of any property in the history of Las Vegas with EBITDAR reaching over $134 million, an increase of over 52% compared to the quarter one year ago. The property is clearly firing on all cylinders, and that is extraordinarily good news as we prepare to open the Palazzo this fall.  Before turning to our detailed quarterly results and your questions, let me spend a few moments updating you on our thoughts about the Macao market. First, as we have said in the past, we feel that a supply-driven market condition remains in place. Gaming capacity is now being added at significant rates, and the market continues to expand in response to those increases in capacity. For the fourth quarter, Macao market grew a whopping 44.3%, and that gaming market expansion is now happening in all three segments of the marketplace: the VIP, the mass and our slots. Each of these three markets are growing at healthy double-digit rates.  Second, the highest quality products in the marketplace, those that most effectively address the market opportunity, continue to outperform the inferior products. Our fourth quarter results at The Sands Macao directly illustrate that market dynamic. In a period when substantial amounts of high quality and new product have been added to the marketplace, our visitation numbers and gaming revenues at The Sands set all-time records for the fourth quarter.  While The Sands did experience, as we had expected, an initial decrease in market share as customers visited the new competitive products added early in the quarter, our market share has since rebounded. In the month of December, The Sands recorded a table games market share of over 21%. That is higher than our share was before the introduction of that new product. That is quite a performance and one that we believe speaks volumes about the Macao market in general, as well as the competitiveness of The Sands product, both today and for the years ahead.  As we have said before, our Cotai development plans are based squarely on those two fundamental concepts. First, that the gaming market will expand dramatically as quality products are introduced; and second, that the highest quality products in the marketplace will not only win market share from the inferior product but will also expand the market to customers who rarely, if ever, came to Macao before. This is clearly what is happening in the market today in every segment of the marketplace: in the VIP, in the mass and in the slots market.  We believe that this market environment is ideal for the opening this year of the market's first truly integrated resort, truly mega-resort, The Venetian Macao, the anchor of our Cotai Strip development. The scale of this development, the level of investment, the gaming capacity and the amenities of this huge 11 million square foot development, that this development introduced to the marketplace will clearly create a fundamentally new playing field for those who wish to compete in Macao, and we believe generate significant incremental gaming demand in the Macao marketplace.  We also believe that the non-gambling amenities that accompany a true destination mega-resort -- thousands of world-class all suite rooms, entertainment offerings, meeting and exhibition facilities, world-class shopping and fine dining -- will create new revenue streams for the Macao market, as has been the case for the Las Vegas market. We believe that these those operators who do not invest in those amenities will put themselves at a distinct competitive disadvantage compared to those operators who do.  We remain unwavering in our fundamental strategy: build the heart of the Las Vegas strip, re-creating its scale, nearly 50 million square feet of integrated multi-brand destination resorts, complete with massive meeting facilities, shopping malls and thousands of high end condominiums, featuring 12 premier hotel brands with nearly 20,000 hotel rooms all interconnected by air-conditioned walkover bridges right on the doorstep of Cotai.  To put the scale of our Cotai Strip development in perspective, we're creating something similar to the Las Vegas strip from Bellagio and Paris on the South up through Treasure Island and Palazzo on the North. The difference, however, is that every property is master planned to work together and interconnected with a climate controlled environment. With such a massive scale of gaming, shopping, entertainment, meeting and dining options available, leaving that air-conditioned environment will never be necessary.  We are now just months away from opening The Venetian Macao, the anchor of the Cotai Strip, and in realizing the first step of our vision of creating Asia's premier convention, vacation and leisure destination. In short, Asia's Las Vegas.  Turning to our financial highlights for the quarter, fourth quarter consolidated adjusted property EBITDAR came in at a record $244 million. That is a 28% increase over the fourth quarter of 2005. Fourth quarter revenue at The Sands Macao came in another record $345.9 million. That's an increase of over 27% compared to the fourth quarter 2005. Adjusted EBITDAR at The Sands Macao came in at over $110 million.  The fourth-quarter EBITDAR for the Venetian in Las Vegas was an all-time quarterly Las Vegas record of $134.1 million. REVPAR was a fourth quarter record for the Venetian of $235, up nearly 10%. ADR was $243.  In addition to our strong financial results, we accomplished or advanced on a number of notable strategic and operating objectives. In Macao, we entered in the final phase of the construction of The Venetian Macao, and we expect the principal construction of the building to be completed in the second quarter. Our project there is on time and on budget. In Singapore, we have advanced our preconstruction pre-leasing activities and expect to market a significant construction milestone there shortly. In Las Vegas, we continued construction of the Palazzo, which is scheduled for a late fall 2007 opening and made additional progress on the leasing of the Palazzo mall. Finally, we won the right to build an integrated resort in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania on the site of the historic Bethlehem Steelworks about 70 miles from midtown Manhattan. So those are the highlights.  Turning now to more detail concerning our quarterly results, in Las Vegas both revenues and EBITDAR increased sizably. Casino revenues were up strongly compared to one year ago, reflecting the increase in both table drop and hold compared to the year ago period. Table hold was 36.9%, significantly above our expected range of 20% to 22% and last year's fourth quarter hold of 26.4%. While gaming win and hold were clearly extraordinary our hotel, convention and food and beverage businesses all showed significant increases compared to the quarter one year ago.  Our convention-based strategy continues to drive increases in those important and profitable segments of our business. Our expanded meeting facilities continue to provide us with greater capacity to book group business, which contributed to the record fourth quarter occupancy, strong F&B performance and strong REVPAR. If the group catering revenues are added to the room revenues and divided by available rooms, the rooms and catering REVPAR hit $299, an increase of 10.7% compared to the $270 in the fourth quarter of 2005.  Our convention-based business model is performing well, and we look forward to extending that strategy and harnessing the full power of our Las Vegas master plan with the opening of The Palazzo in the fall of this year. Our retail leasing activity in The Palazzo Mall, which will be anchored by Barney's New York, continues to progress ,and we anticipate the leasing of the remainder of the space to be completed this spring.  Turning now to our performance and activities in Asia, on the VIP side of the market at The Sands Macao, rolling volume was a record $5.6 billion in quarter 4, up 44% compared to the $3.9 billion in the fourth quarter of 2005 and up over 60% from the $3.5 billion in the third quarter of 2006. We are very pleased about the significant inroads we have made in this business, which just two years ago was non-existent for us, and the most recent quarter contributed approximately 50% to our gaming win.  Our VIP continues to gain momentum as we focus our marketing activities in Asia to directly support The Sands and very shortly the Venetian Macao, a facility which will bring unprecedented amenities to this important customer group.  Our ongoing marketing activities are also designed to benefit The Venetian in Las Vegas as is evidenced by our fourth quarter high-end table results and most particularly The Palazzo here in Las Vegas, which has been specifically designed to cater to the high-end Asian VIP gaming market.  Our mass table drop at The Sands Macao was $1.03 billion for the fourth quarter, about the same as the fourth quarter of 2005, despite the significant large increase in quality mass table capacity opened by competitors. Slot handle grew by 22%, reaching $273 million. Slot win grew 11.7% to $20.6 million. Our podium expansion, which was opened in late August, is now providing incremental capacity for mass play during evenings, weekends and peak holiday periods such as the Chinese New Year which will occur this month.  The completion of our 240-room hotel tower, which will allow us to aggressively compete for that slice of the mass market VAT, while very valuable, does not qualify for a rolling chip program or one of our 51 suites reserved for our very highest VIP players. On Cotai, construction of The Venetian Macao remains on schedule. We expect the building to be delivered to us from construction during the second quarter, and at that point we will increasingly focus on pre-opening activities, including the finish out of tenant and retail spaces.  The staging of marketing events designed to build awareness as we move towards summer of 2007 opening will begin shortly. The first television advertising for the Venetian in Mainland China will occur on the Chinese language broadcast of the upcoming NBA All Star Game, set to be broadcast live throughout China from Las Vegas on February 18, just two weeks from now. We are now planning additional events to be broadcast in China, Asia and around the world from our 15,000 seat arena slated to open in the fall of this year.  In conjunction with the planning of these awareness-building promotional events, we have been actively building on our three group business segments: convention and exhibition, corporate and incentive meeting and tour and travel segments, as well as building our rep network to fill VIP and junket sleeping rooms. In that regard, we reached agreement with two additional exhibition meeting organizers during the quarter. This brings the total number of contracted exhibitors to over 30. We have signed our first corporate meetings for fall of 2007. To date we have contracted with over a dozen corporate meeting organizers to host corporate events at The Venetian, including some globally recognized household names in the financial and professional services sector.  On the tour and travel side, we have now signed agreements with 56 tour and travel operators in Asia, including five of the largest and most important in the region. In concert with these tour operators, we have tailored packages to bring thousands of visitors to Asia's Las Vegas from major cities in China, Taiwan, Japan, Korea, Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, Australia and India. These tour packages will include bus, rail or air transportation and, of course, accommodation at the Venetian Macao and in the years ahead, in the other resort hotels on the Cotai Strip.  In addition to these group segments, we have begun to negotiate agreements with many of the most important junket operators in Macao to provide them the opportunity to reserve rooms in the Paiza Club at the Venetian Macao. We believe the Paiza Club at the Venetian Macao, effectively a hotel within a hotel with hundreds of super luxurious suites, private dining areas, a separate entrance and lobby, private and dedicated elevator core, along with numerous other amenities, will be a tremendous innovation for the Macao VIP marketplace.  Turning to retail leasing in Macao, the process of construction of retail and restaurant tenants in the Grand Canal Shops has begun and our efforts today are focused principally on working closely with the approximately 400 parties who will be tenants in either the Grand Canal Shops or the adjoining mall at the Four Seasons and working with them on the final placement, design and construction activities for their stores and facilities. Our base minimum rents now exceed $140 a square foot for these tenants, and we have remained ahead of budget with respect to minimum rents on each of our three retail levels: the casino level, the canal level and the canal mezzanine level. We have also begun initial leasing activity on the malls on sites five and six, and have reached commercial terms with more than 20 retailers to lease space from us on those sites. Leasing activities on sites seven and eight and three will follow sites five and six. These additional malls will add another 2 million of square feet of retail space, bringing a total of about 3 million square feet to the Cotai Strip.  While on the topic of mall leasing in Asia, we have begun the pre-leasing process for our 1 million square foot mall at the Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. Over the last five months during our pre-leasing process, we have received expressions of interest from more than 250 prospects who have pitched more than 400 different brands and retail concepts for the mall at the Marina Bay Sands. Our leasing team is holding dozens of meetings per week to listen to these ideas, and we are increasingly enthused about the prospect of creating Singapore's most exciting shopping experience at the Marina Bay Sands. The actual retail lease signing process will begin this summer.  We continue to make progress with our Hengqin Island development plans. We announced on January 10 that we received official letters from the Zhuhai municipal government informing us that they have established a Project Coordination Committee specifically related to our proposed development. The functions of the Project Coordination Committee is to act with the liaison that is empowered to work directly with us to advance the developments of our project. This is clearly another positive development in the advancement of our master plan.  Subsequent to the formation of the Project Coordination Committee on the 10th, our engineering, design and architecture teams have interfaced with the committee and their consultants on numerous aspects of our master plan, and we expect to continue this interaction with the committee and their representatives as we work toward our vision of building Asia's premier leisure destination, the Chinese Riviera, if you will. While we can not know the precise timing of future events and cannot guarantee that all approvals will be given, we do expect that consistent with our understanding of the development process in China, that if the overall master plan is approved by the relevant governmental authorities a series of land grants would then be awarded for each phase of the master plan, and thereafter, we would seek separate approval for construction for each of those phases.  We remain enthused about the level of government support we are receiving for our Hengqin Island master plan. We believe that the vision of what our master plan strives to achieve, in combination with our developments on Cotai, is shared by the national, regional and local governmental authorities in Zhuhai, Guangdong Province and the PRC.  That vision behind this master plan is to build the largest combined destination resort in Asia which will cater to both business and leisure travelers with gaming, live entertainment, shopping, fine dining and world-class conference and exhibition facilities in Macao, complemented by a world-class sister exhibition and conference center, plus additional leisure activities like yachting, golf, tennis and water sports on Hengqin Island in Zhuhai. And the non-gaming amenities of Hengqin Island, our Chinese Riviera, will come with one additional major benefit: a mainland Chinese address. That mainland Chinese address can be promoted through tour and travel operators and meeting convention sales organizations to the $1.3 billion annual visitor Chinese domestic travel market, as well as the over $60 million annual delegate Chinese meeting and convention market. The Chinese Riviera can be visited directly by bus, train or even domestic flight into Zhuhai.  We expect to invest approximately $400 million in the first 18 months of our initial phase of development on Hengqin Island. However, once again, I would point out our development plans there on the island continue to be subject to receipt of additional government approvals.  On the domestic front, we have won the right to develop an integrated resort on the 126-acre Bethlehem Steelworks site in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. We're clearly enthused about the potential of this site, which is just 70 miles from New York City and less than an hour's drive away from the affluent Northern New Jersey suburbs of New York. The site is master planned to allow us to utilize our proven business model, developing both core and non-core assets and with the ability to expand as the market expands. Think something like Foxwoods, only half the distance from New York City.  The Steelworks also presents a unique opportunity to work with the National Museum of Industrial History, an affiliate of the Smithsonian Institution, as well as other public and private institutions as we bring one of the largest brownfield sites in the United States back to productive use.  To head up our Bethlehem development activities, we are pleased to have recently brought Bob DeSavio, a 28-year veteran of the gaming industry, onboard. Bob joins us from Foxwoods where he was a senior operations executive. Bob and his team have already made great progress on various preconstruction activities, and we look forward to breaking ground on the Sands Bethworks later this year and opening the property in 2008.  Before we go on to our Q&A, let me conclude by saying that we achieved many significant objectives this year, record revenues and profitability in both Las Vegas and Macao, significant increases in the breadth and depth of our management team, the Singapore and Bethlehem wins, our podium expansion for the Sands Macao and the remerchandising of the Venetian and Las Vegas, just to name a few.  We clearly recognize that we have far greater things to do and to accomplish in the years ahead. As we move forward, our number one focus remains on steady, deliberate execution in operations, in development and the identification and aggressive pursuit of future opportunities. We remain confident that successful execution of our plans will showcase how to maximize the economic impact of gaming for governments of potential new gaming venues and produce tremendous long-term results and industry-leading returns for our company.  With that introduction, I would now like to ask the operator to open the microphones for our Q&A session. Thank you. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Harry Curtis – JP Morgan. 
 Harry Curtis – JP Morgan: Hi, guys. Brad, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about your normalized margins at the Venetian, and could you give more detail on the efficiency programs that you have put in place? How sustainable are they and how broad based are they? 
Brad Stone: Thank you, Harry. During our second quarter conference call, we talked a little bit about some disappointments in some of our margins at the Venetian, and we have been attacking them aggressively since then. Some of them were physically related by bringing on meeting space, the meeting space we brought on in advance; some issues as far as medical benefits, and I think we have made some excellent progress.  If you look at the fourth quarter results, obviously the casino revenues were stunning and benefited from a whole percentage, that was unusual. But if you look at all the departments, whether it be the rooms department, the food and beverage department, the retail departments, made great progress not only in terms of growing the revenues but all those departments also showed improved operating margins.  If we look at the casino itself, particularly the table games area, I look at the calculation if we normalize the hold percentage to about 21%, which is the mid of our range of 20% to 22%, and you take a look at the costs associated with the premium business, because obviously that is where the delta was, it probably benefited us in the range of about $30 million of additional incremental EBITDA, hold percentage against the normalized 21%.  If you looked at the adjusted margin based upon a reduction in our EBITDA based upon the advantage we received from the hold percentage, we still would have run about 37.6% margin. That compares very favorably to last year at 35% margin. Of course, what we have not done is adjusted the fact that there was a 26% hold in the fourth quarter of last year. So not having done that math at 21%, my calculation roughly would have run about a 37.6% margin versus last year's 35% margin with a 26% hold percentage.  Certainly the gross revenues have been very good across the board, but I think our expenses are coming in line, and I think the most important thing for everybody to recognize is as we move towards the Palazzo, we will see significant, significant economies of scale as we operate those two properties together as one in the back of the house. Again, the idea is to present two different products to the front of the house, but operate them as one in the back. I think the most initial indication of that is our preopening expenses for the Palazzo are going to be very efficient compared to what a stand-alone resort would be, and I think that bodes well for additional operating efficiency as the Palazzo comes onboard and the overall complex here in Las Vegas continues to show improvements in its operating margins. 
 Harry Curtis – JP Morgan: Can you talk to the sustainability of it? 
Brad Stone: Again, the sustainability of it, I think currently we feel comfortable we can sustain it through the opening of the Palazzo, and I think the real good news is once the Palazzo opens, we anticipate seeing a nice ramp-up in margin as we become extremely efficient in terms of particularly our overhead costs and our G&A costs. So the sustainability, I believe, is there through the third quarter until we open the Palazzo, and then I think we move upward again and improve the margins post-Palazzo opening. 
 Harry Curtis – JP Morgan: And then I had a question for Bill or Sheldon with respect to Hengqin. You have estimated your profit per foot at Hengqin would be comparable in the neighborhood of the profit per foot at Mission Hills, and I am wondering how comparable you think your development is going to be versus other projects in and around Macao and what the difference might be? 
William Weidner: I think what we talked about was not necessarily profit. We did talk about what Mission Hills was garnering in terms of a sale per square foot. My recollection was somewhere between at the low-end $700 or $800 a square foot; at the high-end, $1,100 or $1,200 a square foot, and the larger places were generating sales per square foot at higher numbers, which is kind of a similar to what happens in Hong Kong.  But I think Mission Hills obviously is solely focused on golf. What we're doing at Hengqin Island, we not only have the golf amenities that we will be developing, but we will have yachting amenities, water sports plus the appeal, I guess you would say, of the Cotai Strip, which has something that neither Mission Hills nor any other place has: the shopping, dining, gaming and entertainment of Macao. So we think we can position Mission Hills as more of a, call it a European or a more traditional non-Chinese destination. We kind of call it the Chinese Riviera, and that is the way we want to position it. 
Sheldon Adelson: That is not Mission Hills. That is Hengqin Island. 
William Weidner: Pardon me, did I misspeak myself? Hengqin Island is to be positioned above where Mission Hills market position is because of the multifaceted appeal that we can develop on Hengqin Island. 
Sheldon Adelson: I think the marketing strategy for Mission Hills is for buyers to come mostly from Shenzhen and Hong Kong. We think the buyers for our condo properties, of which we hope to have 20,000 or 30,000 -- we don't really know yet -- plus maybe 20,000 or 30,000 hotel rooms, will be from all around China because they are selling primary homes there, as well as some weekend homes. We are selling second homes. That is our intention. I look at it as a housing supply for the Cotai Strip. 
 Harry Curtis – JP Morgan: Very good, thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs. 
 Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs : Two things. Bill, I think in your opening comments you suggested that maybe the customers that influence some of the results in Vegas, especially at the high end, may have come from another market, I'm assuming Asia. Could you just talk a little bit about that flow? You talked about that a couple of months ago that you were targeting that. You are starting to see that benefit. Maybe you could just give us a little bit more color there.  The second thing is, just on the mass market table drop, which has been roughly flat the last quarter or two, could you just talk about where you see that going? Obviously I think the new hotel tower should help, but you have had some other initiatives over the past couple of months. I'm wondering if they are starting to gain traction, or do you really need the hotel tower and essentially the Venetian Macao to more aggressively target that mass market customer? 
William Weidner: Steve, let me answer the first one, and I will turn the second one over to Brad who has got more specific detail on the mass market activities. What we have basically said, pretty well all along, is that the more we increase our activities in Asia and the more people know who we are and the more people recognize what it is we do and the more that we develop the reputation of a high-quality operation, then the more opportunity there is for our salespeople to reach out into those markets with people who have a familiarization with our brand. So we see that just beginning now. We're really kind of just at the tip of the iceberg. It has only been in the past three or four quarters that we have actually penetrated in a major way that high end marketplace.  We see some of the value of that this fourth quarter with a number of high end individuals that know of us or that either come directly or indirectly from our activities in Asia. As we opened the Paiza Club at the Venetian Macao, I touched on that. The Paiza Club there is an entirely separate hotel. While it is a part of the mega complex, it is its own self-contained entity that allows us to provide services to that high end customer that just does not exist in Macao now. So, as we take our next steps into that marketplace and we penetrate it further, I think we see more and more value to whatever we do in the world from the exposure to our products there, whether it be here in Las Vegas, Singapore or other places.  I also mention that the Palazzo, I mean we retrofit the Venetian here with our Paiza Club here to try to make it more responsive to that high end Asian market, but we actually built into the Palazzo amenities that we learned in our developments there in Macao. So I think we see more and more value directly obviously to Macao in terms of the Venetian Macao Paiza Club, and then more and more value indirectly as we penetrate those markets more deeply there in Asia.  Brad, do you want to talk a bit about the mass market? 
Brad Stone: Yes. On the mass markets, I think we often make the mistake in Macao of we define three markets: VIP, mass and slots. There are certainly many submarkets within the mass market. As Bill referenced in his presentation, the high-end of the mass market is very important to us. The expansion of the podium, if you actually look at the numbers, has worked out pretty well for us. Our mass mass business has shown some nice growth to it. We fell off a little bit and started rebounding, as Bill mentioned, at what we call the higher end of the mass market.  There is a market out in Macao that really is not the VIP market that qualifies for the rolling program; it is not really a mass customer, and really a room product is a good thing to give that particular customer. A lot of room product came into the marketplace in the fourth quarter between Wynn and StarWorld, and as Bill also referenced, we will be catching up with that in the too distant future with our 240 room expansion of our product. It is an excellent product. It is basically similar to the Venetian in the sense it has a living room, a bedroom, so every room is basically a suite in those 240 rooms. We think it will compete very well against the current products.  On the general mass side, we have seen some nice growth into the December period. We have seen visitation improve as we go into January and continue to on a year-to-year basis despite the fact that the end of January of last year had Chinese New Year in it. We're doing that through extensive bussing. We have expanded our bussing programs, on floor promotions, things that create interest at the property, and we will continue to do so as we lead up to the opening of the Venetian itself.  Again, on the higher end mass side, we continue to be aggressive against that, and we look forward to having the room product onboard to help us against that particular product. 
Sheldon Adelson: I just want to say that it is significant to us that our income and our visitor volume was flat or increased. I don't think any one of the three months we suffered a decline. Notwithstanding the fact that our internal projections and our budget anticipated a decline from the competition of both Wynn and StarWorld, and we are very happy to say that our attendance continued to rise, which indicates there is a loyalty factor that we were not sure of, to the customers that have been coming to us amplifying our first mover advantage.  So we think it is very significant that instead of going down we stayed flat and then we recovered. We did not recover from a fall. We just got back the increases. In December I think our market share was 21%. That was significant. So instead of competition hurting us and creating a long-lasting impact, it actually helped because it is very clear that new quality product coming into the marketplace is going to expand the market significantly and that bodes very well for our new market projections for the Cotai Strip. 
 Steven Kent - Goldman Sachs : Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies. 
 Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies : Hi guys. My identity has changed, but the questions are the same. A couple of things. One, host dynamics, with Steve’s change in the way he is doing host, where have you found gaming, and where is that going right now? 
William Weidner: I am not sure we understand the question. Host dynamics? 
 Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies : You know, where you are saying you guys have been saying that Steve Wynn is working and running the host a different way than the rest of the market. 
Sheldon Adelson: No, no, not the host. The junket reps. 
 Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies : The junket reps, sorry. 
William Weidner: Yes, it is hard to know exactly how Wynn Resorts is doing. We have two different approaches. We pay a commission on the roll. The Wynn organization has chosen to go with they call it a 60/40 split of revenues, and a lot of it depends on the junket rep and what their motivations are, whether they want to share in the risk, which they do under the more traditional Macao formula, or whether they want to be paid a commission, which is the formula we have chosen to take. So it is hard for me to comment without knowing what is happening with the Wynn Resorts property.  We are very pleased obviously in terms of our ability to the compete. This is a people a market that people said for years we were not going to be able to compete in, and we're doing excellently in that market, and the best is yet to come when we open the additional rooms at The Sands and when we open the Venetian Macao.  So it is a different model, Larry. It is hard for me to comment directly on it. Some reps participate in both. Some prefer ours, and I'm sure there's some that prefer that other model. 
William Weidner: Larry, I just want to add a couple of other observations to that. One of the things that we had indicated when we started in this VIP market is we said that the macro trends in Mainland China were really trending in our favor, and that is the more freely tradable RMB of Mainland China opening to the individual visitor scheme, and that would affect the ability for the more traditional junket rep operators to maintain their hold on the marketplace.  So two things have really happened. As I mentioned, the increase in the IBS scheme. The IBS scheme opened in the quarter just in the past two months to another approximately 50 million Mainland Chinese out of five more cities. I would also point out that as of February 1st they now allow mainland Chinese to bring $50,000 worth of RMB across the borders as opposed to $20,000 of RMB. That is what I think is driving some of those VIP market year-on-year increases, and more importantly, that is what, quite frankly, allows the customers to deal directly with our rep network as opposed to dealing with what the traditional rep network is.  So it is a combination of being able to add more reps to the marketplace, as well as macro changes in the market that are really driving a lot of that VIP incremental revenue. 
Sheldon Adelson: What I would like to say is that contrary to what was expected, we have held our own against the new competition at the beginning of the competition's appearance, and we have significantly increased our high end market share. So it is not true that our competitor is leading the high end of the market for American operators. We believe we are, although we have not seen the figures, but our high end income has grown so significantly that we find it difficult to believe that either the StarWorld or Wynn are running ahead of us, and we continue to aggressively penetrate that high end of the market. 
 Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies : All right. How is the Cotai ferry terminal faring? I know they are expanding it to a bigger terminal. Does that mean a delay, or can you get a partial opening on time? 
William Weidner: We're going to get a partial opening. Originally the government said they were going to extend the opening time into '08. We're getting ferries at the end of '07. We will have several ferries by November and December that are 420 person ferries that carry twice as many people as the hydrofoils do. So we have petitioned the government to open up partway, and our President of Asia, Steven Weaver, told me just a few days ago the government has approved it, and they expect to open in time for us.  However, it is always a long way between a lip and cup, and anything can happen over there. But Bill and I are going over tonight, and we will see the chief executive this week we hope, and we will discuss that with him, and I will have a better answer next week. 
 Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies : So wasn't it growing it from eight days to 12 is what they are doing? 
William Weidner: Yes, I think that is the number. 
 Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies : Okay. That is excellent. 
William Weidner: One is 11. 
Brad Stone: Maybe more. 16 is what they are proposing. 
William Weidner: 16 now. 
 Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies : Okay. So doubling it basically? Okay. And then just a little bit of guidance for the upcoming period, just the depreciation and option expense, corporate, any indications on that stuff? 
Bob Rozek: Let's take that offline. 
 Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies : Okay. That is fine. That is it, guys. 
Sheldon Adelson: We don't give guidance. That is our policy. 
Bob Rozek: There is the answer. 
Sheldon Adelson: It is tempting sometimes, but I think we have to follow our own policy. 
 Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies : All right. Thanks, guys. Good results. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Graf - Bear Stearns. 
 Joe Graf - Bear Stearns : Hi, everyone. I have three questions, the first two for Brad. If we look at Las Vegas or the Venetian in the fourth quarter, if we adjust for table hold, what would win per table per day be?  And then if I do the math for the Sands Macao in the fourth quarter, it looks like you benefited slightly from favorable hold percentage. I was hoping you could help me with the math on that? 
Brad Stone: Yes, I don't have that in front of me. I guess I was so busy reading your 140-page report. 
Sheldon Adelson: But I would like to comment I thought your first report -- while 30 pages -- was very comprehensive and very detailed. 
 Joe Graf - Bear Stearns : Thank you. 
Sheldon Adelson: I don't agree with your conclusions. 
 Joe Graf - Bear Stearns : I was waiting for that comment. 
Sheldon Adelson: But I thought it was very comprehensive. I thought you did a very good job. 
Brad Stone: I guess the easiest way to do it, without me actually doing the math Joe, is we feel we were advantaged by about $60 million of table revenue during the fourth quarter of this year in terms of that difference between 36.7% and 21%. So you take that and we obviously divide by roughly 130 table games, and that is what the advantage would be. The net result of that would be about $82 million of table win divided by the same amount, so you can do that math and come up with that. I don't have that stat in front of me.  I am sorry, the second question? 
 Joe Graf - Bear Stearns : Sands Macao, it looked like you had slightly positive – 
Brad Stone: In the Sands we are right at then end of our range there. We say our range is between 2.7% and 3%. The midrange is about 2.85% on the Rolling Chip program. We came in at 3.1%, so we were slightly above that. If you took it down to the way we do our calculation, if you looked at the 3.1% to the 2.85% and what we have been doing is increasing the roll and saying that to generate that we would have had additional commission, it would have cost us about $5 million of EBITDA for the quarter. 
William Weidner: If you think that 2.85% is the right number. I mean that is our estimate. That is what the market has been since the beginning you would say. But now we have had billions and billions of roll, and it may very well be that our experience will be above 2.85%. 
 Joe Graf - Bear Stearns : Great. And then one final big picture question for you, Bill and Sheldon, as well; either based on your conversation with the folks in Beijing or with this Project Coordination Committee, in terms of the tax rate on the profits on Hengqin Island, what are you guys being told? Have you guys had any conversation since that Wall Street Journal article a few weeks back, if you can talk about that a little bit? 
William Weidner: Yes, we have had conversations. We have had conversation at the local level with the folks in Zhuhai, and we spent some time talking to our advisors in Beijing, accounting people and things of that nature to try to get some idea of how and where and what happens with this announcement.  All we can say right now is we are not sure exactly how and whether and when it is applied. It has been on the books since the early '90s -- '92, '93. They have either chosen not to enforce it or to enforce it selectively. It may be enforced selectively in the areas where they feel the housing market is moving too aggressively and speculation is rampant in places like Shanghai and Beijing. They may choose to either not enforce it or enforce it differentially in places where they want to incent a development, for example, in the Western part of the country.  So I think the best answer to give is that yes, we have had active discussions. No one that we have talked to so far knows exactly how it is going to be implemented, and they say that more clarification will probably be coming out of the central government in terms of how it might be applied and whether it might be applied in a situation like Hengqin Island. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Anders - Merrill Lynch. 
 David Anders - Merrill Lynch : Two questions. First, with the depreciation in the quarter, was there any catch up, or is that kind of depreciation and amortization level for the current assets? And then secondly, Brad, how about the sustainability of the Sands Macao margins? I noticed those dipped a little sequentially. Was there anything unique about those? 
Bob Rozek: The depreciation and amortization that you saw in the quarter, there was no catch up, so that is the current run-rate that we have in place. 
Brad Stone: As far as the Sands goes, a couple of things are happening with the Sands. We have obviously mentioned that we've grown significantly in the premium end of the business. Obviously that mathematically as it goes, currently our mix last year of the Rolling Program is about 34% of our revenue on the table side, this year it was about 48%. So again, a large growth in that area, lower margins. That is one of the reasons that it has come down somewhat.  Additionally, we find ourselves we are building a very robust organization over there with the opening of Cotai and the Venetian. While some of that gets charged off the pre-opening, not everything does, and we are in it for the long haul there. So the Sands is perhaps taking some of the burden of development of world class executives that we have brought in from General Electric, from Exxon Mobile. So we are seeing some of that pressure.  Lastly, opening the expansion of the table games in the September timeframe, we're still working through that. We were obviously working through that most of the fourth quarter in terms of how to optimize our staffing levels with that rather major expansion. So I think you will see margins expand and get better as we get better at doing some of that work, but also, as we bring back a very profitable segment of that market which in the short term we have not grown as aggressively like, and that is the higher end of the mass market. 
 David Anders - Merrill Lynch : Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley. 
 Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon. A few questions. First, I know that it is tough for you guys to speak about Hengqin Island, but I think in the past you have talked about a groundbreaking potentially sometime in the first quarter of this year. Is that still on track?  Secondly, Talban, which is one of most respected retail REITs in the world, has talked about joining the project next door to you guys on the Cotai Strip. Do you see that as a risk in terms of your ability to lease out further space, or do you just see that as potentially something more positive for retailers seeing a company like Talban sort of validating that market? 
William Weidner: I guess those are two questions I guess. One, I have spoken personally with Talban a few months ago about joining with us on what we're doing on the Cotai Strip. We basically said we don't really need it. Why would we share whatever we're doing since we already have traction, already have a leasing group in place, etc. I think it is a real compliment to the idea. People thought the idea was, I won't say a crazy idea, but not one recognized the value of what retail could be in Macao until we got enough traction to where somebody like Talban is attracted to it. So it does not bother us in terms of our leasing activity, and I think it is kind of a compliment, I guess you would say and call it a way of validating the decision that 400 plus retailers have already made. 
Sheldon Adelson: Let's just say imitation is the sincerest form of flattery. But let me add something that most people just don't see. We are going to have 20,000 hotel rooms and several thousand condominiums all connected through all weather air-conditioning connectors. All the 12 brands that Macao Studio City property, we call it the Asian TV site because that was what was originally projected for it, is going to be standing out there alone. The retailers know that in our 3 million square feet of space they are getting the output of as many as 40,000 people. Plus, we anticipate bringing in tens of thousands of more daily on busloads to come to shop 3 million square feet.  So if you were a shopper and you were staying in one of our 20,000 rooms, would you leave the property, walk down the street and go to another property simply because it is standalone and Talban developed it? I can assure you that the American developers mean little or nothing to Asian retailers. So the fact that we built the second-highest grossing shopping mall per sales per square foot in the history of the United States when we first opened the Grand Canals Shops at the Venetian gives us the findings that the retailers in Asia were looking for. So I think that Talban is a Johnny-come-lately because the operators of the property simply could not do it themselves, and yes, it is nice to be flattered, but we don't back even consider that competition, no less serious competition. 
William Weidner: We are reluctant to name dates again. I mean this is a process, and we try to be as straightforward as we can about having never developed in Mainland China before and having gone through so far a little over two years worth of process. We keep on saying that we are pleased with the progress, but rather than necessarily putting dates on things, we're trying to keep the markets informed on the step-by-step indications that we get. As I said, the latest one was January 10 when we actually got the Zhuhai governmental letter with the official red star chop on it indicating that they have appointed the committee that specifically addresses our master plan for that particular site.  So rather than us passing on to you what we're necessarily being told are the next steps, we will pass on to you as the next steps are confirmed. So the next communication probably would be approval of master plan if we get again an official sealed communication on it, we will mention that. And then the next step to that is the actual parcel process, and that is where the groundbreaking would take place on one of those parcels. But again, we will be talking about that as we receive the confirmations going forward. 
 Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks. And just one more question on the retail since we are on the topic. How much of the retail do you expect to open at the Venetian with the casino opening, and then when do you think you will have the full square footage up and running? I know it is difficult to get it all with so many square feet all up at the same time. 
Sheldon Adelson: We opened the Grand Canal Shop with fewer than the 60 or 70 shops that eventually fully opened in Las Vegas, and I will let Brad tell you about it. 
Brad Stone: Yes, I think to answer your question, it is a lot of square footage to open at once, and what we are looking at doing, a leasing team over there is focusing on one of the canals zones, the big wow space in the square, and opening what is still significantly larger than the current Grand Canal Shop here in Las Vegas with the gondola rides, the streetmosphere, et cetera. So that is where our focus is. And then the opening really in three phases with the third phase being completed in the fall.  So it is not a long time between the phases, just the practicality of getting that many tenants into that building in the time available and realizing that we can ramp that up, that if we opened retail space that in and of itself is larger than that which exists in Las Vegas with the amenities of a gondola ride, with the amenities of the streetmosphere and, of course, retail brands, we think that will be sufficient to open the property and, like I said, it would ramp probably over a four to five-month period. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Farley - UBS. 
 Robin Farley - UBS : I have got three or four questions. First, for Hengqin, it had sounded like there was initially going to be sort of one final approval that was forthcoming, and it sounds now like you were talking about after the master plan then there would be approvals for a series of land grants and then approvals for each piece of construction on there. That sounds like maybe it pushes the timeframe out over the year or maybe even a several year period? 
Sheldon Adelson: Do you want the questions answered one at a time? 
 Robin Farley - UBS : Sure. 
William Weidner: Well, the one is the adoption of the full master plan. It always was anticipated, as I had indicated before, that we will take this thing and develop it over about a 10-year period in phases. So I don't think it is really a change. It is just the key I guess you would say of macro, shall we say, step is that the master plan itself is adopted up and down the approval line. And then right behind that would come the initial stage.  We ourselves split this thing into several different stages, so I don't think that is really a change, and I don't think it really changes the timing process in terms of moving forward. 
Sheldon Adelson: When you think of the fact that we plan 80 million square feet or at least that is what is allowable, I cannot imagine any one municipal government the size of 1.5 million population town like Zhuhai approving and giving final approval to build permitting 80 million square feet simultaneously. By virtue of its scope, it has to be done in many different phases. 
 Robin Farley - UBS : Can you talk about the timeframe for starting to sell the Four Seasons apartments? I assume that is still on track for an April '08 opening, and so what would be the timeframe for selling those to have that complete in advance of the opening? 
Sheldon Adelson: We're hoping to put on an aggressive push. We're going to open the Four Seasons I think in the first quarter of '08. 
Brad Stone: The Four Seasons property itself we are forecasting the first quarter of '08, and then the condominium project is about six months behind that. Obviously it is a large structure. It is 39 stories tall, so it takes us a lot longer to get to the top of the Four Seasons. Currently we are under construction on our preview center in Hong Kong as one of the pre-marketing tools. So similar to what most major sellers of these types of products have is a place that you can show actually what you're going to buy. That is currently being developed in one of our buildings in Hong Kong, Lippo Tower, and I'm not sure exactly of the timing. It is very soon to get done, and that would really probably be the key launching of the sales of that product. 
 Robin Farley - UBS : So the release of condo sales would be third quarter '07? 
Brad Stone: I think we will see ourselves starting that probably in the second quarter. 
 Robin Farley - UBS : Looking at the Macao property, I realized there was a greater mix of VIP revenue. But even when you adjust for that mix, it seems like the margins were maybe a little bit lower than we would have expected, the EBITDA margins. You talked about building up the management and things. So I guess adjusting for the mix change, are you expecting margins to stay at this level or to move up from what we saw in Q4? 
William Weidner: I think two things. If you look at the expenses in Macao, it is pretty simple. It is down to taxes, commissions and payroll, and that is where it all resides. That is almost all our expense. The commissions are going to follow the junket programs, and they will affect our margins. Taxation is constant no matter what form of revenue it is obviously, and our payroll is really, as I tried to explain, is really two components.  One is the component that relates to developing infrastructure, developing executives and developing the overhead, let's say, to grow the company, not only at The Sands but also at the Cotai site. The other is getting ourselves efficient in terms of the payroll on the mass floor. Things that you run into in Macao that did affect us in the quarter is getting efficient on the mass floor is important because we have tip subsidies and things that we pay in order to round out the salary of the Macao Casino worker. So those are things that we want to make sure our payroll is reflective of the volumes on the mass floor, and we're working towards that.  At the same time, we're kind of in a funny situation because, as you try and control that expense, you realize that right around the corner you're going to be opening a very significant property in Cotai. So it is my belief that in the short-term that we may have, I would not say continued pressures, but we're not necessarily going to be in a mode where we try and trim costs just to expand them again in the June/July timeframe as we open the Venetian.  So I think my sense of it is that most of it is going to be driven by mix of business in the short-term. We're not going to necessarily, while we try and control our costs, we're not going to go into some cost-cutting mode as we rapidly expand the company in the next four months, five months. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jake Hogan - Banc of America Securities. 
 Jake Hogan - Banc of America Securities : I have got a few questions for you on a variety of topics. First, from a big picture standpoint, as we take a look at the gaming revenue numbers coming out of the government of Macao and that VIP business grew 61% I believe it was for the fourth quarter, the mass, which is growing 21%, which is a big number but it is obviously down from the growth rate we saw earlier in '06, are those apples-to-apples comparisons? I remember when you guys opened up the Paiza Club, and suddenly some of the VIP business of before was starting to be reflected as high-end mass business in your casino.  So I'm wondering are we having a reverse effect now as others have opened into the market, or is that really an apples-to-apples year-over-year growth, and are those growth rates in line with what you were anticipating? 
William Weidner: Well, first of all, the mass business is going to be reflective of the travel patterns on a relative basis quarter to quarter. Third quarter is a better mass quarter than fourth quarter simply because of the way the summer vacations are and the way people travel. So I think we're going to see a reasonably steady increase in mass play as more people come to Macao. So that one I think you can look quarter to quarter, year-to-year, and I think you will see it growing approximately in step with visitation numbers.  The real variable is the whole percentage, quite frankly, on the VIP market. So you will have bounces up and down. I think fourth quarter, if I'm not mistaken, fourth quarter of '05 actually was a reduction year on year over fourth quarter of '04. So you have a real magnified effect of an increase in VIP in fourth quarter of '06/'05.  I also mentioned to you the macro things affecting the VIP play out of mainland China. People are allowed to bring more money out of mainland China and being able to convert it more easily and then the more opening of the IVS cities. Generally those individual visit cities are further away from Macao; therefore, people more than likely are getting an airplane to fly to Macao. Therefore, people are probably more likely to have more affluence than the masses traveling out of Guangdong Province, Hong Kong or closer places.  So I think those are the factors that will affect it. I think you will see VIP play bouncing up and down more so than the mass market. But again, the mass market is seasonal, although I think you will see double-digit growth year on year, but seasonally more amplified in a quarter like the third quarter when more people are traveling. 
Brad Stone: I think just looking at the numbers I have in front of me for the Macao market, growth on mass I think it plays right out; is that July, August and September, the summer travel periods they grew 29%, 22% and 50%. October Golden Week grew 54% and then hit kind of a low into November and December. You are down 10%, 11% ranges. I think you will see it bounce back this month in February. We have got Chinese New Year so you will see a big growth rate because now this additional capacity is onboard, during those peak seasons that is where the capacity is really going to be taken full advantage of, including our own place. 
William Weidner: You have events, quite frankly, that are interesting to dinosaurs. I guess the best one is the Macao Grand Prix; and as interesting as it may be, when the Macao Grand Prix takes place, no one can move around the cities, so the growth rates are really stagnated by the fact that the streets are closed down for the Grand Prix race, something that generated incremental revenues when Macao was a sleepy little place now affects its ability to move the thousands and thousands of tourists around during the 14 days it represents. 
 Jake Hogan - Banc of America Securities : That’s helpful. Maybe one quick follow up to that. Are you seeing or hearing of, if they are not playing at your casino, players coming into Macao, VIP types, that are new to Macao that are also not from China, that Macao is becoming more of a regional draw to the community at large? 
William Weidner: I think we’ve seen that all along, particularly in places like Thailand and Japan and other places, yes. As it becomes more of a destination, I think it is just the beginning of the tip of the iceberg. In my part of the presentation we talked about the tour and travel people and the number of tour and travel operators in the region that are more interested now, when you get thousands of rooms in a place like The Venetian available for them for overnight trips, I think the initial reaction, for example, to Wynn and the occupancies that have been run by Wynn, are only limited by the limited number of rooms that he has, has really affected the ability for that market to leap into that next layer, I guess you would say, of regional market as opposed to local market. I think that is just the beginning of what is going to happen as we introduce those macro projects on the Cotai Strip. 
 Jake Hogan - Banc of America Securities : On a separate topic, back to the retail in Cotai. Can you give us an update as to where we are with respect to the potential monetization of that opportunity, and the many forms that it could take? 
William Weidner: I missed the beginning of the question. 
Brad Stone: Monetization of retail. 
William Weidner: As we come to the end of the process, the mall marketers over there in Asia call it the stinger, that is the last 10% of the space where they really start pushing through the high per square foot minimums. As we see validation and as we see the tour travel people are interested in coming for shopping and dining and entertainment, the monetization of that is really going to be driven, I think a lot, by the percentage of rents. I mean, the initial monetization if you just were going in the front door and weren’t looking to maximize would be $140 a square foot times the square feet. But the real opportunity to monetize maximum monetization is when the reps come in with a successful mall, and that sales per square foot, rentals per square foot, go to $200, $200 plus like they do in Hong Kong.  I think we are patient enough with the base rents the way that they are, and we are confident enough in the overall master plan that when the percentage rents kick in, that is when we start thinking about how we monetize this thing in a maximized way. 
 Sheldon Adelson: I think that there will be an opportunity for Asian buyers that will consider this the most premium of trophy properties that will certainly want to get a hold of this, to go ahead and buy on the basis that we were able to sell here in Las Vegas; and that as a true-up, after two-and-a-half years. If we don’t see that reception in the market, the true-up in place based upon base rents now in a true-up, it is two years. We just have to wait until the two years are up and there is no sense of urgency, because once we have got that income the value is there. So it is not as though we have to sell it.  Clearly our strategy is to sell non-core retail and still keep the benefit from what we have sold, once we establish the mall as part of the integrated resort, that is when people come. We are not selling the mall, we are selling the cash flow from the mall.  We are going to maximize the return on that and we feel that the cap rate that is justified is going to be hopefully a record-setting cap rate. Fortunately, we are not in a position, under no pressure, we are not desperate for anything. We are just going to see what it is going to take to get the best. But I think that some of the buyers will want this quality trophy property to go along with our terms. 
 Jake Hogan - Banc of America Securities : Great. And as a last question, if I may, I recall that at the last conference call, I think Bill in your prepared remarks, you mentioned that Las Vegas Sands would be the first in Hengqin Island. I was wondering if you do think that there will be additional competition? Obviously I know that this is a fluid situation. Will there be, maybe not competition but other operators, developers in that market? How long would that potentially take? Who could they be, theoretically? Would it be competition for you, as you were talking about before? Would it be complementary, potentially, as well? How should we think about that? 
William Weidner: Well think of it this way. Macao, total, is about 32 to 36 square kilometers, depending upon how much additional land that the city has added. Hengqin Island is about 85 square kilometers, so it is almost three times the size of Macao, so it is a very large island.  Secondly, the portion of the island that we have bid on is the prime portion of the island that faces Macao and borders the Cotai Strip, borders the Cotai development process; so the rest of the property is significantly south of that and doesn’t have the synergy of the primary markets, so that is my qualification. 
 Sheldon Adelson: You can see it from Cotai. We are the only property you can see from Cotai, to the best of our knowledge. 
William Weidner: The developers there, including Stanley Ho and others, have tried to develop something on Hengqin Island for 20 some odd years. We are gratified that we started first and we had the head start and that the master plan is just about to be approved through the committee that was approved on January 10th. Others will have to go through the same process behind it.  I think they will have a shorter development timeframe, since we have paved the way about how the whole island works, because we worked with them in terms of how the different parts of the island, what functions they will fulfill. Some parts of the island are designated for things like housing, in the further southern part of it. But the part of the island that we wanted to focus on was the part that really developed tourism/convention business, second homes, transient homes, I mean the things that would provide, as Sheldon said, the housing support for the Cotai Strip and the addition to, call it the regional economy so that the Zhuhai also, as the Mainland Chinese address, would also then be advantaged by the development on Hengqin Island.  So it is a long-winded answer to the fact that yes, there will be other developers, we know that Stanley Ho and his organization has bid; we know that Lee Kashing has been interested out of Hong Kong and we know that the Lloyd family from Galaxy has also been interested in developing there. But we expect to be the first ones; we will be the first ones to have a master plan approved and the process in development. But I think it is a matter of months, perhaps as long as a year or so behind it, that the next developments might be approved. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have exhausted the time set aside for questions. At this time, I would now like to turn the call back over to William Weidner for closing remarks. 
William Weidner: Mr. Adelson wants to make some closing remarks. 
Sheldon Adelson: I just want to make one statement, it was brought up once or twice about the desirability about the 40-40-20 rate to pay the junket reps for the program we have, which is 1% and after a very high number, a very high roll requirement threshold. We pay 1.1% with the 0.1% coming on in-kind compensation.  If you do the arithmetic, you will find that the 40-40 – with both formats, of even a 2.5% rate, but since the experience shows that we are getting much closer to a 3.0% rate consistently, then we are closer to 2.5%, the advantage on our program brings us down to our costs, down several percentage points. That is several hundred basis points below 40. When somebody who is doing the 40-40-20 rate is stuck at 40 and we come in below, we become several percentage points below so then we can increase our profit percentage.  It is easy to do the arithmetic, just check it out. 
William Weidner: With that, that concludes our conference call for today. We appreciate your attention and look forward to communicating many more accomplishments in the quarters ahead. Thank you again, and have a good day. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-11-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Bill Weidner - President and COO Sheldon Adelson - Chairman Brad Stone - Executive VP Rob Goldstein - VP of Venetian Scott Henry - Senior VP Bob Rozek - CFO Dan Briggs - VP of IR
Analysts: Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley Robin Farley - UBS Rishi Parekh Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2006 Las Vegas Sands Corporation Earnings Call. My name is James and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct the question-and-answer session toward the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for reply purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Bill Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer please proceed.
Bill Weidner: Thank you, James. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for joining us here today. With me in Las Vegas are Mr. Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman; Brad Stone, Executive Vice President; Rob Goldstein, the Vice President of the Venetian here in Las Vegas; Scott Henry, our Senior Vice President; Bob Rozek, our Chief Financial Officer; and Dan Briggs, our VP of Investor Relations. Before we begin today, I do need to remind you that today's conference call contains forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of Federal securities laws. I would also like to caution you that the company's actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in these forward-looking statements. Please see today's press release under the caption 'Forward-Looking Statements' for the discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income, adjusted EPS and adjusted property EBITDAR, which are non-GAAP measures. Definition and reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is included in the press release, which is posted on our website. Please note that this presentation is being recorded. By now you should all have received our press release detailing our financial results for the quarter. The results and the release confirm that we continue to execute our operating and development strategies, both in Asia and in Las Vegas. In Macao, the Sands delivered another record quarter, with our visitation and operating metrics continuing to reflect the incremental growth, even has expensive additional capacity was added to the marketplace. In Las Vegas, the Venetian delivered a strong performance with both revenue and the EBITDAR increasing compared to the quarter one year ago. Before we address our quarterly results and move on to your questions, I want to spend the few more moments in our perspective of the most important takeaways from the evolving marketplace in Macao. First, the supply driven market scenario is clearly in evidence. Gaming capacity is now being added at significant rates and the market continues to expand and response to those increases in capacity, with the mass market in particular continuing to expand a healthy double digit rates. Second, the best products in the marketplace, those that effectively address the market opportunity are all performing inferior to us. The results of the Sands Macao today clearly support that view. In a period when substantial amounts of new products have been added to the marketplace, our revenues and EBITDAR at the Sands have continued to expand. While our market share has remained steady for the table games at over 20%, and continued to be very strong for slot machines, where we recurrently capture 30% of the market. Our extensive coast side development plans are based on these two fundamental concepts; that the market will expand as quality product is introduced; that the highest quality products in the marketplace will not only win market share from the inferior product, but will also expand the market to a new set of customers, a set of customers that either don’t visit Macao all the day or visit Macao only infrequently. Although Sands will remain a formidable property on the peninsula, our principal focus going forward will increasingly turn toward our development side, Cotai. We believe that the elasticity of demand reflected in today's evolving Macao marketplace will receive a significant boost when the market's first truly integrated destination resort, The Venetian Macao, opens the doors for business in the Cotai Strip in less than nine months. We remain unwavering in our fundamental strategy, build the heart of the Las Vegas strip with multi-branded destination resorts all connected by air-conditioned walkover bridges on the door step on China. We are now under construction of undertaking preconstruction activities on all seven sites on our Cotai Strip, grading Asia's premier convention, vacation and leisure destination. Turning to our operating highlights for the quarter, third quarter adjusted property EBITDAR came in a 202.6 million, to nearly 29% increase over the third quarter of 2005. Third quarter adjusted EBITDAR for the Sands Macao came in at all time record of a 127.4 million, that's an increase of over 41% versus third quarter of 2005. Third quarter occupancy at the Venetian Las Vegas was a third quarter record of 98.4% and third quarter REVPAR was also a third quarter record of $217 per room, up 11.3%; ADR was actually $221. We advanced on a number of targeted capital improvements at our operations, both in Las Vegas and Macao, strengthening our long-term strategic positioning. We made further progress on the lease-up of our retail malls on Cotai and advanced negotiation with additional trade show meeting organizers to host additional conventions, exhibition and corporate meeting events at the Venetian Macao. We executed our development agreement with the Singapore Tourism Board for the Marina Bay Sands at Singapore, and completed $1.4 billon credit facility to fund our land concession payment and development activities. And finally, we continued our ongoing efforts to secure additional development opportunities to supplement our growth pipeline around the globe. So, those are the highlights. Now let's turn to our detailed quarterly results. In Las Vegas, both revenue and EBITDAR was stronger as our convention-based strategy grow revenue increases in our hotel, convention and food and beverage businesses. Casino revenues were actually down compared to one year ago, reflecting a decrease in high-end play versus the year ago period. Table hold of 23.4% came in above our expected range of 20% to 22%, or below last year's third quarter hold of 23.9%. Las Vegas EBITDAR came at just over 75 million, up 12.5 % compared to the same quarter last year. These results reflect the strength of our convention-based strategy, driving double digit increases in EBITDAR despite an anomalous decrease in high-end play. Our meeting facilities provide us with greater capacity to book group business, which contributed to a record third quarter occupancy in REVPAR and a strong food and beverage performance. If group catering revenues are added to room revenues and divided by the available rooms, the rooms and catering REVPAR grew from $218 in the third quarter of 2005 to another third quarter record of $266 in the third quarter of 2006, an increase of over 22%. Our convention-based business model is performing well, and we look forward to extending that strategy and harnessing the full power of our Las Vegas master plan with the opening of the Palazzo in the third quarter of 2007. At the Venetian we made progress improving the yield from our expanded convention space and entertainment offerings. As these assets continue to ramp, we expect to see additional progress, but do not expect to realize the full impact of these enhancements until the opening of the Palazzo in 2007. Other components of our Las Vegas capital improvements strategy include a third theater, a 700-seater that opened just last week; and in terms of room products we have started with the renovation program of all of our suite rooms -- all of all our suite rooms in the Venetian tower. This renovation will update, improve and contemporize our Venetian rooms, while minimizing destruction to our business and is gradually completed by the time the Palazzo opens next year. Construction of the Palazzo next door remains on track for a fall 2007 opening. Our retail leasing activity in the Palazzo mall, which will be anchored by Barney’s New York, continued to progress with approximately 80% of the space now under release are in agreement on commercial terms. Anticipated in the leasing of the remainder of the space to completed -- to be completed by its spring 2007. Turning now to our performance and activities in Asia. The Sands Macao turned in another record quarter, generating an all-time adjusted EBITDAR of 127.4 million, up over 41% from the quarter one year ago. We maintain -- we remain pleased with our performance across the board in our casino business, the mass market, the VIP market and the slots business. As I mentioned at the beginning of my comments, despite of more doubling our capacity in the marketplace, we have been able to maintain our share of table game market in Macao. In addition, our podium expansion was opened in late August, will now allow us to specifically target the market to an additional segment of the mass market or the mass table market with the $100 Hong Kong, which is approximately 1250 average bet baccarat player being the primary target of these new tables. The expansion will also provide incremental capacity to our weekends, holidays and any of other period of strong high mass market demand. During the last quarter, our mass table drop was 11.3 million per day in the quarter, that's up modestly from 11.1 million per day in the third quarter of 2005. Slot handle grew 39%, reaching $265 million, producing a win per unit per day of $245 cost -- across the 934 slot units on board, versus $218 across 802 units of slots in the quarter one year ago. That's a 12.4% increase in slot machine win per unit, despite a 16.5% increase in capacity of the Sands and an increase of over 63% in the Macao market as a whole, a further evidence of that supply driven demand I talked about earlier. On the VIP market side, rolling volume came in at 3.5 billion in quarter three, compared with 3.2 billion in third quarter of 2005. We remain extremely pleased with our VIP business, which experienced unusually high hold percentage during the quarter. This unusually high hold percentage actually served to depress the quarter's rolling chip volume. I will talk more about this relationship between hold percentage and rolling chip volume later-on on the call. We continue to bring on board additional VIP players, our indoor high-end network and we will continue to focus our pies of marketing activates in Asia to directly support Macao and indirectly support our activities here in Las Vegas. Our strategy for growth and expansion in Macao remains clear. At the Sands Macao, our podium expansion is now complete. The final phase of the expansion added over 250 mass tables and nearly 300 slot machines to our capacity. As this new capacity begins to ramp, we will focus on serving the lower end of the mass market, the $100 Hong Kong baccarat player, with more table capacity and expanded Asian fast food offers. We will also begin to -- begin direct advertising and other marketing programs targeted at this profitable and rapidly expanding segment of the marketplace. On the VIP side of the Sands, we continue to recruit new players with our pies of club offerings, to better serve this business segment and to match complementary room product to increase VIP capacity or adding an additional 240 rooms. Those rooms are in the pies of suite category to our current inventory of approximately 50 suites at the Sands. Construction has already commenced on the 39-floor tower, which is expected to cost approximately 100 million and expected to be completed in the late summer of 2007. On Cotai, construction of the Venetian Macao which will anchor the Cotai Strip, remains on schedule for summer 2007 opening. The building is now topped off and we expect construction to be substantially completed by April 1st. On the remainder of the Cotai Strip, we are continuing to make significant profits. As we have previously announced, we have entered into non-binding letters of intent with Four Seasons, Hilton, Conrad, Starwood Sheraton and St. Regis brand, Fairmont Holdings Raffles International with Fairmont and Raffles brand, and we expect to sign definitive agreements shortly. We've already signed definitive agreements with Shangri-La, covering the Shangri-La and Traders brands. Given the tremendous interest in booking demand we are seeing in the convention and corporate meeting side of our business, as well as from the Chinese and other Asian tour operators, we've decided to move certain portions of our Cotai development forward, specifically two 1,500-room hotel towers that were originally envisioned to be added in today's two of the strip are now being planed into phase one of our developments. One of the towers will be on site 5, the other tower will be on site 6. This modification will enable us to provide the additional hotel product required to stage larger exhibition and tradeshows in our convention facilities and to meet the demand that we see developing from tour operators. We have also significantly expanded our meeting facilities that we plan to build on sites 5, 6, 7, 8and on 3, on the Cotai Strip to tailor these developments to the potentials that we see in the marketplace. Our pipeline of prospects for larger events, events that require significant blocks of hotel inventory in 2007 and beyond continues to grow. And we are now entering into the booking window for 2007 corporate meetings, meetings that can be accommodated with the portion of the 3,000 hotel rooms, which will be made available on the opening of the Venetian. We expect to announce some significant additional signings on both, the corporate event and tradeshow pieces of the business very shortly. On the retail side, we continue to make steady progress on the leasing of the malls on the Cotai Strip. At the date of our last conference call, we announced that we have reached commercial terms with more than 315 premium retailers for 699,000 square feet of retail space. That represented nearly 60% of the approximately 1.2 million square feet available space in our Grand Canal shops and the adjoining mall at the Four Seasons in Macao. Today, three months later, we have reached commercial agreement with over 400 retailers for more than 867,000 square feet space, representing over 72% of the available space on the Grand Canal shops and the adjacent mall on the Four Seasons. We are moving ahead with definitive leasing documents now, and have executed documentation with a number of them. We've also begun the leasing process for now for sites 5 and 6, given that we are now effectively sold out on the main level of our Grand Canal shops in the Venetian. Sites 7 and 8 and three will follow thereafter. These additional Cotai developments will add another 2 million square feet of retail space. Turning to entertainment offerings on the Cotai Strip, we have advanced our plans with Cirque Du Soleil to create a permanent home, the first in Asia; and our 1,800 seats Cirque Du Soleil at the Venetian Macao on the Cotai Strip. And we continue to pursue other world-class entertainment talent to appeal specifically to our mainland Chinese, Hong Kong and Pan Asian customer base in Macao. We have made dramatic progress in our Hengqin Island development plans. The [Guansao] and Zhuhai governments have now authorized me to make the following statement, and I quote. "All major departments of the Guangdong government have had a meeting regarding the approval of the master plan of Hengqin Economic Cooperation Zone or the Pan-Pearl River Delta. The master plan is expected to be approved and executed by Guangdong government within one month according PRC regulations. The conclusion of the meeting include that the Venetian Resort project will become the first resort project to be invested on Hengqin Island or the Peoples Republic of China. The project includes MICE tourism, holiday resort and time share units. The total proposed project area by the Venetian is about 8 square kilometers. The approval process has reached the final stage and expect to be finalized by the end of this year." Several news outlets in Macao in the mainland have confirmed these sentence. Now that the approval process is in its final stages, it makes sense for us to reiterate our vision for what Hengqin Island development plan does for our overall development plans in Macao and in the PRC. But our Hengqin Island plans are combined with our developments on Cotai, we will clearly be building the largest integrated destination resort in Asia which will cater to both business and leisure travelers that will encompass world class exhibition and conference facilitates, live entertainment, shopping, fine dining, yachting, golf, tennis, water sports, gaming and other activities. And most importantly, give us a mainland China address to promote to the 1.3 billion annual visitor Chinese domestic travel market and over 60 million delegate meeting and convention market. This combined mega destination will target business and leisure travelers, not only from the Pan-Pearl River Delta in China, but also from Japan and South Korea, North Asia -- in north Asia as well as south and southeast Asia. To further these efforts, we are developing a strategic business partnership with key travel agencies and travel distribution channels in each country to create, promote and distribute tourism programs and packages to our fully integrated resort. The packages and programs are designed to appeal to leisure travelers, honeymooners, family vacationers, gourmet diners and those who enjoy shopping, live entertainment and a relaxing spa experience. To advance these efforts, I traveled to Beijing last week and met with the leaders of the various governmental travel agencies and the PRC; including, China National Tourism Administration, China International Travel Services, China Travel Service, China Youth Travel Services, and other major travel entities in mainland China; to introduce the Venetian Macao, the Cotai Strip and Hengqin Island developments, to discuss the development cooperation and promotion opportunities with them. Each of these governmental organizations, which are among the largest travel services in China, expressed interest in establishing strategic business alliances with us to promote the Venetian Macao, the Cotai Strip and Hengqin Island as a integrated destination to their national -- the nationwide distribution networks. Additionally, last Friday we organized the China Tourism Forum at the great Hall of the People in Beijing to promote our new destination. The guest and attendants included senior government officials from the central government of People’s Republic of China, the Beijing Municipal Government, leaders of the China National Tourism Administration, the Beijing Municipal Tourism Bureau, and senior executives from China exhibitions group and the China Council for the Promotional of International Trade. In addition, representatives from national and regional broadcast, print and online media attended the forum. The response and support we received from the forum delegates was nothing short of tremendous. While it is clear that we've made a breakthrough in furthering our Hengqin Island development plan, much remains to be finalized as we move forward. And the central government control policy approvals, like border crossing, offshore currency trading, preferential taxations and such, have yet to be finalized. Our Hengqin and related Changxing Island development plans continue to be subject to receipt of the last of the necessary government approval. Before leaving our discussion of Hengqin Island and the Cotai Strip, I wanted to summarize where we are and we expect to be from an investment and a staging perspective. For the Cotai Strip, given our expanded gaming and meeting facilities at each of the sites 5, 6, 7, 8 to 3, as well as the additional hotel tower which will now be built on each of these sites, we expect to spend between $9 and $11 billion, inclusive of land premiums and the expanded hotel room meeting and gaming facilities. The Venetian Macau and Four Seasons, which have not changed significantly in scope, will represent approximately 3.5 billion of that $9 to $11 billion total. With respect to staging, we expect the Venetian to be open in the summer of 2007, Four Seasons to be completed about six months thereafter. We now expect sites 5 and 6 to open in mid-2008; and sites 7, 8 and 3 to open in the latter half of 2009. For Hengqin Island, we expect to invest approximately 400 million in the first 18 months of our initial phase. Although we could potential invest as much as 2 billion in the next five years, and as much as 10 billion or more over the next decade. As we mentioned before, we expect that much of our Hengqin Island investment will be financed by the sale of vacation suite property as we move along and it's developed. Turning to development of Marina Bay Sands in Singapore now, during the third quarter we signed our development agreement with the Singapore Tourism Board, and completed the land related payments call [under] the agreement. Our preliminary leasing and preconstruction site preparation activities continue to progress. We expect to work -- we expect to begin the work on foundation systems early next year. In terms of other Asian development opportunities, we are continuing to pursue many promising opportunities. Japan, in particular, could potentially represent a tremendous opportunity for us. We continue to interface with the authorities there, as they consider proposed legislation that could over time enable the economic benefits of convention driven integrated resorts to be brought to Japan. We are pleased to report today that we will host a tour for 25 members of the Japanese Diet over the next few weeks to tour the Sands Macao, our Venetian Macao integrated resort construction, and take them through our development plans for our combined Macao function destination. We believe our extensive developments in Macao provide a unique showcase for how to maximize economic development through the adoption of casino gaming, and position us as a world's foremost developer of integrated resorts, a distinct advantage as we seek to sell our development pipeline in the future. On the domestic front, we continue to advance our proposed development of 126-acre Bethlehem Steel Works site in downtown Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. We are now scheduled to present to the Pennsylvania regulators on December 5th. We remain enthused about the potential of this site, just a 90-minute drive from New York City, a less than an hour's drive from the affluent northern New Jersey, suburbs of New York, a faux wood style of development opportunity and we expect the decision on this site by the end of the year. Before we go to Q&A, let me conclude by saying that while we clearly have a huge amount in front of us, our number one focus remains on execution; execution in operations, executions in development; and the identification and successful nurturing of future opportunities. We remain confident that successful execution of our plans will produce tremendous long-term results and industry leading return, although trajectory of our growth will certainly not be without an interruption or two. Steady, deliberate execution of our plans in Macao, in the PRC, in Las Vegas and Singapore and in future jurisdictions remains our primary focus. That's the broadest of where we are today and that’s what will take us to higher levels of performance in the future. And with that formal introduction, I would now like to turn the presentation over to you for Q&As and we will open the mic now, James.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Larry Klatzkin with Jefferies & Company. Please proceed.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: Couple of questions, Bill. One question would be, can you just go over the effect of the Rolling Chip and how much that might have benefited you to the bottom line and how that works?
Bill Weidner: Brad has some of the detail on that, Larry.
Brad Stone: Larry, we did a calculation and came up about $17 million positive effect to our EBITDA line in terms of the hold percentage. You know, as we get further into this Rolling Chip program, we realize that there are distinct relationships between hold percentage in gaming -- Rolling Chip volume. When the hold percentage goes down, we have perhaps an artificially high Rolling Chip volume. The inverse of that is, when hold percentage goes up, we have, as Bill pointed out, a depressed Rolling Chip volume. Let me take you through how we think about it. We looked at -- if you look at the third quarter, what we actually reported, we reported $148 million of win in the Rolling Chip program, and that’s an absolute. We won that much. The tax on that would have been about 57.8 million, so after-tax profitability was about 90.5 million. Since we dropped $33.5 billion of roll -- the commission on that would have been about 1% or roughly 35 million. So, the way we do our actual profitability first quarter -- third quarter would have been 55.5 million of profitability of the Rolling Chip program. Now the way we would look to normalize it, we say that the win stays constant, that's the actual money we won. The tax again would be the same at 39%, so we maintain the after tax effect of $90.5 million. We do know, as we look at normalized hold in terms of the Rolling Chip program of about 2.85, the way we look at it is we take the win of 148 million divided by 2.85%, and we come up with an adjusted rolling volume that should have generated -- we normalize our hold, we therefore -- we believe have to normalize our roll at $5.2 billion. Now that 5.2 billion at 1% would have $52 million commission associated with it. So, at that calculation we net out about $38 million of profitability. So, the delta between the 55.5 and 38.5 we came up with on our adjusted and normalized Rolling Chip program yield is about a positive result, because of hold percentage were about $17 million.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: Thanks Brad. That was very comprehensive, thank you. Second question is, StarWorld opened up just what are you seeing, I mean, it's only been a little while. What are you seeing the spending and how the market tenure is since they opened?
Bill Weidner: I just came back over the weekend, Brad was there last week. This is Bill, Larry. I just came back over this past weekend, and it was very strong. The business pretty well all over was very strong. StarWorld I thought was a little better than I expected it to be. Generally those guys quite frankly build some pretty lousy product. That product is pretty good. I mean, it's better than I expected. Unfortunately, as usual they bought a little piece of property, not a big enough piece to do a significant casino layout. So, as expected, the first level of gaming was reasonably busy, but then as you got upstairs to the next levels, that got less and less busy. So, they did a pretty good job, I think, in the basic physical facility. Our lobby was pretty nice, nicer than expected. First layer of gaming was strong, but then the upper levels were weak, I would expect that kind of thing to continue.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: Okay. You haven't -- and you haven't seen any weakness or anything at your place as they open?
Bill Weidner: We are just -- it was very strong over this past week, and Monday was a holiday too. And one of the things we talk about is the fact that we built this expansion because the cost to staff table isn’t all that high, and the fact that once you hit relative to the average back over there. But once you hit a busy period of time, you [smell] a lot cash and we certainly were using that additional capacity this weekend, because it was all that strong. After a win also, it was very busy at the -- as usual in the first part of the casino, and then you get back into the corners of it and some of the tables you can't find weren't all that well, not well occupied shall we say. But generally the market was strong, lots of people running around. I didn't go to the secondary or tertiary places of the Castle Royale or the Golden Dragon or some of those other places, but we would expect them over time to wither away and be less populated as better product comes into the market.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: All right, or they close, as they should. Last question, as far as capacity, did you accelerate 1,500 room twice or did you actually added additional 3,000 rooms?
Bill Weidner: No, we just accelerated. Our phase one, we are going to do 1,500-room hotels on each of the site. Now we are coming behind that with another 1,500 rooms. We decided to do on five, six is accelerate that pace to build 3,000 rooms of each five and six.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: Okay. So you are ending up with 6,000 rooms right away on your mid-'08 opening day?
Bill Weidner: I mean, you actually have 3,000 Venetian, you have 400 some odd of Four Seasons and then you have 6,000 on…
Brad Stone: There'll be -- Larry to be clear, there will be a little bit of lag time on the second two towers on 5 and 6. So, while we project, as Bill said, roughly a September opening right now for sites 5 and 6, the towers of two additional 1,500-room tower will probably lag behind, I am going to guess, in a range right now of about six months.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: Okay.
Brad Stone: Now it will be good as those towers will be fully completed while we open from a structural and exterior standpoint, so that we wouldn’t expect any disruption or any usual disruption to product.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: All right, congratulation. Any moment on site 9?
Sheldon Adelson: Site 9, last thing we know -- this is Sheldon, Larry. Last thing we know that last time I talked to the Chief Executive, he said site 9 would be us. He just can't transfer at this time, he has done a commitment and he will keep it.
Larry Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company: Great. All right, thanks guys. Great results.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Lerner with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: Thank guys. I think their (inaudible) should bring a well armed bodyguard with him, next time he goes to Macao. Couple of questions.
Sheldon Adelson: Speak little louder Mr. Lerner.
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: Yes, sir. Can you hear me know?
Bill Weidner: Now much better, thank you.
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So couple of questions. Outside of the GGP deals at the Palazzo, should we think of that you are monetizing anything else on that parcel? And then I have got follow-up.
Bill Weidner: Well, currently we are working through approvals and received our approval at the town board meeting and the planning commission for a condominium development on, what we -- used to be the, rose with grill side, currently on top of the building that’s going to house Barney's. We were seeking final approval of that project on November 8 before the Florida County Commission. Currently, the program follows about 370 ultra luxury condominiums units, that would rise up to about 50 stories of height. We certainly believe this is a premier piece of real estate. We are talking about how to possibly brand that premier piece of real estate. It provides an opportunity for us to utilize air rights that we have and maximize the value. It also is obviously [free] visitation to the properties, but I think it's our belief and people we have talked to or involved in this business believe that these units with its location right on the Las Vegas strip tied into the Venetian Palazzo complex with our various amenities, such as Canyon Ranch, our restaurant, our shopping centers, etcetera, could yield a very high sale per square foot in terms of those condominium products. So that's what we would look at as additional monetization of asset beyond the general growth deals that we currently have.
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: That’s really helpful, I appreciate that. And then the follow-up is, [let me to] harp on this, because obviously it’s a lot more about gaming these says. But what happened at the high-end this quarter at the Venetian? I mean, everything else looks phenomenal with respect to non-gaming, but can you give a little bit of color there?
Sheldon Adelson: Our overall job obviously was impacted on the premium side, because we are actually up on the non-premium side by about $11, $12 million of drop. The premium side was impacted by actually one extremely good customer from last quarter in '05, and that customer created huge amounts of table drop and huge amounts of table win, and he wasn't here this quarter.
Bill Lerner - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks guys.
Bill Weidner: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Celeste Brown with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Hey guys.
Bill Weidner: Hi, Celeste.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Can you talk a little bit about -- more about your plans on the Cotai Strip first? Can you give a little more detail as to the cost now for 5 and 6 and 7 and 8? And then, are you still working with Far East on site 3 and then why the push back on site 7 and 8 to 2009?
Sheldon Adelson: Which push back you are saying?
Bill Weidner: Timing.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Sorry, timing, yes.
Bill Weidner: All right. Let me first address the push back in 7 and 9 -- 7 and 8 to '09. We are going to get that thing done as quickly as humanly possible. So, we will be as aggressive we can be right now. We just recently got approval and we are on the site doing two things. We are doing test borings, as well as we are reclaiming the land again. We control sites 1, 2 and 3 for the reclamation. The government actually performed the reclamation on sites 5 to 8, and while we are currently under construction at 5 and 6, we had to content with less than stellar ground conditions and we are handling that and moving forward. But we also have an opportunity while we are developing the architectural plan to do a better job reclaiming sites 7 and 8 above and beyond with the government did, so we have a better site to work with. Once we get into the ground on 7 and 8, the development time would be roughly two years to 28 months, so I think with those articulating that if we get into -- it would be my hope that we start pilling work and start foundation work sometime in the first quarter on site 7 and 8, put a 28 month construction period. I mean, these building are now 13 million square feet. To give a little reference to that, the Venetian Macao is 10.6 million square feet and those who have seen that property would agree that 10.6 million square feet is pretty impressive, 13 million is even more impressive. So, the reality as we think, a 28 month time schedule is appropriate. You take that out until, say, the March timeframe. You will find ourselves somewhere in the mid '09 in terms of opening those assets. As far as cost of development of these assets, we are looking at a range of about $3 billion in terms of cost to the development of those various assets. We are running about in terms of construction cost about $230 to $240 a square foot, we feel that’s very positive in today's marketplace. We do [buying here] same thing in Macao with cost of materials being high, just like anywhere else in the world, and it is a more heated construction development market with all the activity going on. But as we pointed in the past, we have a huge advantage of being by far without question a most aggressive developer there, and so, we usually have first choice to the market of the contractors we want to not only provide a cost effective building, but also one that is well built and well designed. So, that’s kind of where we are in those process.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Sorry, so the 3 billion is -- 3 billion total for site 7 and 8, and then 3 billion total for site 5 and 6.
Bill Weidner: Yes. We separately 3 -- it's in the $3 billion range, obviously -- in terms of all that, that does not include the land cost on that number.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: And so, 6 billion --
Bill Weidner: Obviously, the land cost is negotiated and calculated between us and Macao government. So, we are not jumping ahead necessarily until we finalize our plans, because the way the calculation is done, I am sure as you are well aware, Celeste, is what -- space is what type of space and there is a premium calculation and then a determination of potential discounts, reclamation costs, credits, etcetera.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: So, essentially 1.5 per site?
Bill Weidner: No, 3 billion.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: For all four.
Bill Weidner:
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then just finally, where do you guys stand with Far East at this point?
Bill Weidner: You are Chairman of the company.
Sheldon Adelson: I don’t think we said that we are going to build 6,000 homes on each of 5 and 6 and each on 7 and 8.
Bill Weidner: I think we made -- hopefully we made it clear that price just to make it follow-up on that, that sites 5 and 6 includes 6,000 plus rooms, plus 1.2 million square feet of service department complex. And the same thing occurs on site 7 and 8, 6,000 plus rooms, plus 1.2 million square feet of service department complex.
Sheldon Adelson: This is Sheldon. Let me clarify that. We are building approximately 19,000 rooms; 3,000 each on 5 and 6, 7, 8 and 3; and not one with the Venetian that’s six times three is 18,000. Now, there may be extra 100 or two on each slot, so combined with the 400 Four Seasons, it's approximately between 18,500 and 19,000. That does not include the service to preference.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Okay. I am sorry to be a pain. Where do you stand in terms of your negotiations with Far East, are you able to comment on that today?
Sheldon Adelson: I don’t have any updated comments. The last thing we were doing was, trying to finalize the agreement. We are doing so based upon the moral obligation that we feel within. And we are trying to work out the details. Frankly I'm not quite up-to-date, I'll make the call tonight.
Bill Weidner: I won't say this.
Sheldon Adelson: If we have something to put out immediately, we will put out a press release.
Bill Weidner: I won't say this. The business transaction does not preclude us from moving forward in terms of design, development and we are going to continue on that process, and again, that would be a project that we hope will probably start by next summer, getting the plans done, getting approvals and then pilling. If we do it sooner, we will. But, the transaction between ourselves and Far East, we are going to be the developers of the site, we are going to be the overall designers of the site, and because of that we are going to move forward and do exactly that.
Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you.
Bill Weidner: Thank you, Celeste.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed.
Robin Farley - UBS: Thanks, couple of questions. First, can you talk about how many interest or plans you might have in operating ferries -- having LVS directly operate ferries from Cotai? And if that’s something you wanted to do, how quickly could that be up and running, would it before the Venetian Macao opened?
Sheldon Adelson: We've always planned from the beginning that the likelihood of our operating ferries might become mandatory. From about a capacity standpoint and a competitive standpoint, we need to operate the ferries. We put out an RFP and we are now evaluating the returns for ten 420 or 430 passenger ferries. We will either operate them ourselves and/or we will have the management company operate them for us. It's one of the things that we have always believed that additional transportation capacity is necessary and in that respect, I am quite pleased to read almost -- at lease once a week of another route -- airline route being established by some carriers somewhere to accommodate the demand that is arising and will arise from all operation.
Bill Weidner: Also, I think we are encouraged by the construction of the second ferry terminal, that's right at the foot of the airport, right near the Cotai Strip. So, it almost doubles the amount of slips available for ferry service from Shenzhen, from the airport, from the Hong Kong airport as well as Hong Kong itself, so that alone then opens another transportation opportunity.
Robin Farley - UBS: Just to clarify there, if the ferries at this point I guess not ordered yet, what would the timing be? Could they be up and running before Venetian -- the Venetian opens?
Brad Stone: I think it will be -- there might be some overlap. We may get two or three by that time, but we won't get all 10 by this summer. We should have all 10 by the end of the year.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay.
Brad Stone: We haven't -- we are in the process of the valuating the responses for the RFP and one of the things that's very pivotal is delivery term. This is a relatively minor investment, but a very important cog in the wheel to have additional capacity, but just FYI, with 430 times 4 an hour, is 1,720 capacity an hour times, let's see, times 14 hours, let's see, 430 times 4, times. At least, say 30,000 capacity a day.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, great. And then for Hengqin, I guess it had seemed like that you had already had Guangdong Province approval and it seemed like the only thing that was still outstanding with getting Beijing approval. And, it sounds like a lot of progress is made. I guess, I thought Beijing is the only thing that was left to get it. I wonder if you could update us on the timing of that.
Bill Weidner: Let's put it this way. The significance of the fact that they allowed me to quote them is a meaningful significance.
Robin Farley - UBS: With the 17th Party Congress in March, does that -- do you still expect that seems to be holding other things up in terms of Beijing approvals? Is that something that you think could delay your approval for Hengqin?
Bill Weidner: No, you didn’t hear me. Guangdong would never allow me to make that statement.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. So --
Bill Weidner: Understand.
Robin Farley - UBS: They will get the -- you will get the approval from Beijing by -- before March, is what you're saying?
Bill Weidner: I can't say that. I can just say what I’m authorized to say, and authorization wouldn’t take place.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay.
Brad Stone: He said, Bill said, Robin, that the final decision is likely to occur before the end of this year, that's within the next 60 days.
Bill Weidner: Right.
Brad Stone: You will have to accept that as much as we can say.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay.
Brad Stone: There's one thing I'd like to add and clarify. When Bill read that we are going to invest 2 billion and 10 billion, we expect to invest primarily in the infrastructure upfront, which in Chinese terms will be a significantly lower than what it would be even in Macao, because of the cost of labor and construction in China. Therefore, we expect to pre-sell virtually every villa or apartments, unless we feel for some reason, we don’t want to pre-sell and we want to get them up in some cases like timesharing or fractionals or if we pursue that approach. So, we are not looking to spend. We are looking to self finance the project and we don’t know yet, it's still too far away to say what the infrastructure will cost, but then we will start selling. It should self finance just like most other condo developments.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay, great. And then, last question is actually just on Las Vegas. And just to clarify, you mentioned the poker volume, a lot of that was driven by one player in last year's quarter. Just what we have seen so far in the Las Vegas market, we don't have September figures yet obviously, but so in August, the volumes were up very strongly overall in the market, Maybe September ends up low enough that the quarter is not up that high, but I guess I just wanted to get some color on when we do see what the overall market has done for the quarter, whether you feel like there's been share loss or anything overall for the quarter outside of that one player?
Scott Henry: I believe share (inaudible). I believe is result of business and finally come one quarter or next quarter, but you can't look at it quarter-by-quarter. The problem with the high-end is, as you know, historically [seasonal] everybody else is that this is a business where a player, two players, three players can make significant difference. So, I think you have to look at our overall business and look at our overall volume. And I think that anywhere in this town, couple of customers come in and create tens and millions dollars of potential win can impact that month that quarter.
Bill Weidner: If you were to look at our months and months' results, I mean, the primary impact of our business volume were obviously month of July. So, when you look at August numbers coming out, we see increase there. We shared in that, we're actually up in that period. So -- and September we were not quite up as much on a yearly basis, most of our [affect] of that loss -- of that drop occurred during the July period.
Robin Farley - UBS: Okay. Great, fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Rishi Parekh]. Please proceed.
Rishi Parekh: How are you doing? Just got a couple of quick questions. On Palazzo how much have you paid to date and how much do you have left to go?
Bill Weidner: Of the capital expenditure?
Sheldon Adelson: If that’s a question --
Bill Weidner: Why don’t you go -- we will get the book out here. Why don’t we go to the next question and we will get to you that back.
Rishi Parekh: My next question is also a CapEx question. I just want to get an idea what the total cost was for the 450,000 square foot meeting space?
Bill Weidner: I am sorry, the meeting space in Palazzo?
Brad Stone: The cost, yes.
Rishi Parekh: Yes. The cost of it.
Bill Weidner: Cost of that -- there were two components in that cost. When we built the Venezia Resort expansion in 2003, we actually brought the first level out when we built the steel superstructure. I believe the cost we spent for the additional space was roughly about $100 million for the remainder of that square footage. It was -- that was partially built. We took a lot of infrastructure and put less than --
Sheldon Adelson: I think what he is asking is whether or not that’s in the budget for the Palazzo as opposed to being the two way budget.
Bill Weidner: If that’s what he is asking, that is in the incremental construction that took place after 2003 and it's in the Palazzo construction budget.
Rishi Parekh: Okay.
Bill Weidner: The original cost that we incurred to build in 2003 was part of an Venezia expansion budget.
Rishi Parekh: When did the 450,000 square foot meeting space open?
Bill Weidner: We opened that incremental space partially in November, and partially after the first of the year, this year. What happened was since the seal structure was already there since 2003 we had the opportunity to open that space well ahead of the opening of the Palazzo. So we took the opportunity to get one issue off the development construction block, and have an asset contributing sooner than later.
Rishi Parekh: Okay.
Bill Weidner: Once -- the Palazzo to date that we've spent is just about -- it looks $940 million in terms of the capital cost for both the Palazzo and the Palazzo Mall. The budget on that project is currently $1.8 billion to $1.85 billion. So, we're roughly half way through the spent.
Rishi Parekh: And what is the debt at the [bond hotel] level that is shift to debt?
Sheldon Adelson: At the bond hotel level?
Rishi Parekh: [Bond hotel]?
Bill Weidner: The bonds are at the parent company. And the total debt is on the parent company overall. Pardon me?
Sheldon Adelson: 250.
Bill Weidner: It’s a $250 million issue. That’s outstanding at the parent level.
Rishi Parekh: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Kent with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Hi. Maybe you could just comment a little bit about what you're thinking on the pricing for the service apartments on Cotai, especially given Shun Tak's recent comments about their once central property selling out at a very nice clip, at least initially, and what that value creation could be from the service apartments just as a reminder, and again, sort of the $9 billion to $11 billion of spent overall in Cotai. And then the second question is, just on Hengqin, you mentioned may be some of the issues that you're facing with that before proceeding which would -- I think my recollection is that it maybe tax rate, it maybe Visa issues, it maybe some other things, what kinds of things are sort of out there that -- or a better way I guess of asking is, is there any of those issues that would sort of be like we're not going forward, we can't get comfortable with one of those issues?
Bill Weidner: Let me understand it.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: On the second --
Bill Weidner: Okay, I understood, let me start with the second question first. Here it is a difficult to do in an environment like this. I'm being very careful with my wording because you never want central government to think that you are doing something that oversteps your bounds. So you have to be clear about what decisions have been made, or how -- about the real estate development, and those issues that are still policy decisions. Policy decisions are directed by Beijing, and when we talk about things like cross border, communications, when we talk about things like money exchange, those things are clearly and squarely in the hands of Beijing. Those are value adds that will make Hengqin even more valuable than now. If the government decides to allow Hengqin to handle cash transactions, currency transactions, it’s a big deal.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Okay. That I understand. Thank you.
Bill Weidner: If the government allows cross border, in other words, if they allow almost like a bonded area to where you could freely go across from Macao to Hengqin Island, those are items that were on the table that the government reserves the right to make the final decisions on. Those decisions wouldn’t change our mind about the real estate development on Hengqin, it will just enhance the value of Hengqin.
Sheldon Adelson: Steven, this is Sheldon, to address your first half of the question. The original anticipated price per square foot, since this is going to be the only destination resort strip in all of Asia, we feel quite confident that the -- we're going to reach for the upper levels, and at some cases, I think of course, we're going to go out of the same numbers, but I'm hoping that it will turn out to be that we've been quite conservative. On the freestanding apartment set the Four Seasons, the vacation suites, we hope to get our original plan called for $1,400 a square foot. Now in Hong Kong churns, when they charge a price they include the square footage of the common areas. We hope we'll be able to do that in all of the Cotai Strip. The balance of the apartments were always on the opposite side of the Strip that were integrated into the existing buildings that make the top floors. We anticipated those at $800 a foot. I think, however, we could probably nudge that up a little bit and hope we can move it up to 1,000. But I know those are not the numbers in Macao, but they’re not on the Strip. There's going to be a once in a lifetime opportunity for these Asian people to get an apartment on Asia's Las Vegas Strip. And we are confident that the prices will be accepted readily.
Steve Kent - Goldman Sachs: Okay, Sheldon, thank you.
Sheldon Adelson: You're welcome.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to the hands of Mr. Bill Weidner.
Bill Weidner: Thank you. I just want to summarize by saying that we had a very good operating quarter. Our development, our construction activities are moving forward, both in Las Vegas and in Macao. And our activities in Macao and in Singapore particularly have solidified our reputation in the mainland, China, as well as in Japan. So, we remain extraordinarily bullish about our future, near-term and long-term, and with that, hopefully it would be summarization of our conversation today. I thank you all for joining us and I look forward to our next quarterly conference discussion. Thanks again and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-08-03 16:30:00) =====
Executives: William Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer   Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman   Brad Stone, Executive Vice President   Scott Henry, Senior Vice President   Rob Goldstein, President of the Venetian Las Vegas   Bob Rozek, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Felicia Hendricks, Lehman Brothers   Lawrence Klatzkin, Jefferies & Company   Robin Farley, UBS   Steven Kent, Goldman Sachs   Celeste Brown, Morgan Stanley   Dennis Forst, Keybanc Capital Markets   David Anders, Merrill Lynch   Jeremy Cogan, Banc of America Securities   Harry Curtis, JP Morgan
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2006 Las Vegas Sands Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Shanik and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question and answer session towards the end of this conference. If at any time during the call you require assistance please press * followed by 0 and an operator will be happy to assist you. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today’s call Mr. Bill Weidner. Please proceed.
William Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you and good afternoon everyone, and thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your attendance. We have a lot to talk about, and again we appreciate you joining us today. With me today are Mr. Sheldon Adelson, our Chairman; Brad Stone, Executive Vice President; Rob Goldstein, Vice President of the Venetian here in Las Vegas; Scott Henry, our Senior Vice President; and Bob Rozek, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin I need to remind you that today’s conference call contains forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. I would also like to caution you that the Company’s actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results in those forward-looking statements. Please see today’s press release under the caption “forward-looking statements” for the discussion of the risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income, adjusted EPS, and adjusted property EBITDAR, which are non-GAAP measures. A definition and a reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure is included in the press release and please note that this presentation is being recorded. By now you should have received our press release detailing our financial results. Before we address those results in greater detail I wanted to spend a few moments on two developments in the quarter that will be very important to the Company in the years ahead. The first development I wanted to highlight is the situation we see playing out in the market place in Macao. Those of you who have followed the Company for sometime may remember that as we opened the Sands Macao in 2004 the conventional wisdom of the day about the Macao market place was that a foreign operator could not be successful there. The incumbent Stanley Ho was too strong, he owned the ferries, had dominated the VIP market which we really couldn’t compete in. And with a clean well-lit casino with friendly customer oriented staff it was bound to fail. After all Macao customers prefer low ceiling smoky casinos and the product we envisioned would overshoot the market and intimidate the customer. I would like to point out that during the quarter we completed our second anniversary of the opening of the Sands, which over the life of the property has made over $700 million of EBITDA including a record $117 million this quarter. You can’t blame the observers of the market of 2004 as they had never seen a product like the Sands, but I think it’s fair to say that those widely held opinions, the conventional wisdom of that day have now been laid to rest. Let’s now turn the clock forward to today’s Macao and take a look at that conventional wisdom of today. The success of the Sands has clearly changed many widely held perceptions of the market place; n particular, the value and the explosive growth of the mass market. Market capacity particularly pertaining to mass play is now increasing at double digit rates and is expected to do so for some time. Now while it’s clear that those capacity increases will drive win per unit per table down for the market in total, we have long held the view that all capacity is not created equal. We based our development plan in the view that the highest quality products in the market place will not only win market share from an inferior product but will also serve to expand the market to a new set of customers, a set of customer who either do not visit Macao at all today or only visit infrequently. The trends in our business today clearly support that view. While table capacity of the Macao market place has increased 59% over last year and the win per table per day has dropped 28% for the Macao market in total, our win per table per day at the Sands has actually increased over last year despite the expansion of our table capacity at the Sands by almost 30%. While slot capacity in the Macao market has increased 67% with market by win per unit per day decreasing by about 8%, our slot win per unit per day at the Sands has increased 32% during that same timeframe despite a 9% increase in Sands’ slot capacity. Conventional wisdom today also applies that Macao is a locals market, more like Atlantic City than Las Vegas. Today’s Macao observers have never seen a destination product in Macao because there isn’t one, just as they have never seen a high quality gaming product aimed at the mass market where we opened the Sands in 2004. The fact is Macao is both a locals market like Atlantic City and a destination market like Las Vegas, only on steroids, three times the number of locals, six times the number of potential visitors within a five-hour flight time. So, one can’t blame the current Macao observers conventional wisdom today since they’ve never seen a Las Vegas styled destination product before, keep in mind that in 2004 we introduced a never seen before mass market product to the Macao market. In 2007, we’ll introduce a mega destination product at Macao market; what they didn’t see in 2004, they don’t appear to see it again today, even though right next door in Hong Kong mainlanders are staying overnight, shopping, dining, and attending trade shows and conventions by the millions. We remain unwavering in our fundamental strategy -- build the heart of the Las Vegas strip with multi-branded destination resorts connected by air-conditioned walkover bridges mirroring the world’s most successful destination, Las Vegas, on the doorstep of China. So, Macao overall we’re feeling pretty good about both our original strategy to target the market with a new kind of product and our ability to take more than our fair share of both markets that exist today and the incremental growth in the market in the years ahead. Our momentum today bodes well for our near term future as we prepare to increase the capacity at the Sands by 30% next month and looking further ahead to about a year from today as we prepare to open the Venetian Macao, Macao’s first true Las Vegas styled mega casino integrated resort. In longer term, the Cotai Strip will take its place as Asia’s premier convention, vacation, and leisure destination. So, that’s Macao. The other big picture development I wanted to touch upon was our victory in Singapore. We view the opportunity in Singapore as incredibly compelling for at least three important reasons: first the projected economic growth in South Asia is predicted to be robust in the coming decade as is in the case with an emerging China with GDP growth rate of 11% so far this year, driving and expanding North Asia economy; that growing Chinese economic engine along with that of India will bode well for the economies of South Asia. These emerging economies have already driven Singapore’s 33,000 hotel room inventory to an 86% occupancy this year with average daily room rates increasing about 16%. Second, as we move deeper into what some economists have turned the Asian century, we will look to use our huge footprint in Macao in North Asia in concert with our complementary footprint in Singapore and South Asia to build unrivaled relationship with international meeting organizers, junket and high roller sales agents, tour group organizers from China, India, Japan, Korea, Malaysia and the remainder of the region, and with international retail brands. We will then use these relationships to bring real value to the jurisdictions in which we operate. And third, the validation and strengthening of our status as the world’s number one convention-based integrated resort developer will give us a real advantage as we seek to expand our integrated convention-based resort business model in other jurisdictions in the world. So, the Singapore takeaway we believe is that success breeds success, and we feel we are uniquely positioned to capitalize on that success in the years ahead. Turning now to our operating highlights for the quarter, second quarter adjusted EBITDA for the Sands Macao came in at an all time record of $116.9 million, that’s an increase over 24% versus the second quarter of ’05. Second quarter net revenues for the company in total came in at $517 million; that’s an increase of 30% over the second quarter of 2005. Second quarter occupancy at the Venetian was a second quarter record of 99.5%. Second quarter REVPAR was also a second quarter record of $241, up 5.7%. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA came in at $180 million; that’s a 19% increase over second quarter of 2005. We added depth to our management ranks as we executed our worldwide growth plans including significantly expanding our development group in Asia and adding two world class senior executives to our management team. We advanced on a number of target capital improvements at our operations both in Las Vegas and Macao strengthening our long-term strategic position. We made significant process in execution of the development of the Cotai Strip in Macao, which I’ll talk about in greater detail a little later. We completed a $2.5 billion credit facility, the largest of its kind ever in Asia to fund our development plans on the Cotai Strip. And finally, we’ve continued our ongoing efforts to secure additional development opportunities to supplement our growth pipeline around the globe. Turning now to our detailed quarterly results, our second quarter of 2006 reflected a solid top line growth at both our Las Vegas and Macao properties. In Las Vegas, revenues were stronger overall as our convention-based strategy drove revenue increases in our hotel, convention, and food and beverage businesses. Casino revenues were down modestly compared to a year ago. Table games volume was up slightly over the same quarter last year, while hold came in at below our expected range at 17.6% and below last year’s second quarter hold of 18.6%. Our expected range for hold is between 20% and 22%, whilst legacy EBITDA came in at just over $63 million. The recent expansion of our meeting facilities continues to provide us with greater capacity to book group business. Increased group business led the way to delivering a second quarter REVPAR increase of 5.7% driven by an all time second quarter high occupancy rate of 99.5% and an ADR that also increased to $242. And if catering revenues are added to room revenues and divided by available rooms, the rooms and catering REVPAR grew from $271 second quarter of ’05 to another record quarter of $298 in the second quarter ’06, an increase of about 10%. The results highlight the sustained competitive advantage of our convention-based business model and bodes well both for our ability to foster continued same store REVPAR growth for the remainder of 2006 and in the years ahead, and of course the opening of the Palazzo in the third quarter of 2007 will allow an expansion in extension of that strategy to a significantly larger asset base. While we successfully increased the top line, our operating expenses were higher in the quarter as we brought on this new business. While we anticipated some expense increases in the startup phase as we opened up new areas and expanded our offerings, a declining whole percentage coupled with overhead cost increases and greater than expected startup inefficiencies in operating and marketing these new areas clearly impacted our results. Expense increases year over year occurred principally in two categories: first, our employee related overhead cost increased in the quarter, part of this increase related to an escalation in healthcare cost in general, while another portion related to a spike in unusual high dollar tastes for which we are short. The recognition of on cash stock compensation expense which was not recognized in the second quarter of last year also contributed. Second, we increased our head count by about 400 FTEs. The head count increase is part of our strategy to broaden our product offering and invest in the property to enhance its long-term competitiveness and profitability. These additions include employees who are servicing our new 450,000 square feet meeting space, our new poker product offering, our expanded Paiza Club and the Baccara Play, and auxiliary support staff for our new entertainment offer, Blue Man Tao and Phantom of the Opera. As you can imagine, management has been ripping those numbers apart, refocusing marketing efforts, challenging our initial assumptions relating to those investments, and reaching for additional operating efficiency. In the future of course we expect to increase revenues from these enhancements, improve upon creating the proper mix of business for more efficient optimized profitability, become more efficient at operating these product enhancements, and of course to a table whole percentage to return to expected levels. Obviously improve top lines like “Kissing Your Sister Gets You No Where,” we’re focused on improving bottom line. As we move toward the opening of Palazzo in 2007 we continue our strategy of strengthening and re-merchandizing the Venetian. Construction continues on our third theater adding 800 more entertainment seats to our offering. The theater is expected to open this fall by the celebrating committee and entertainer Gordie Brown. This theater will have the capacity to double as broadcast venue for televised broadcast of poker tournaments. Mario Batali, the award winning chef, will open two new restaurants at the Venetian this year. The restaurants will be modeled on its highly successful New York creations of Babbo and Luapa. Phase two of our pool deck renovation is now complete and our new Tao beach area will premier in spring of ’07. In terms of room product, we’ll be renovating all of our suite rooms in the Venetian tower. The renovation process will begin before the end of this year and we’ll update, improve, and contemporize our Venetian rooms while minimizing disruption to our business. Construction of the Palazzo All Suites resort remains on schedule for third quarter 2007 opening. Our retail leasing activity in the Palazzo mall continues to go well with 25 tenants now in lease including Barney’s New York who will anchor the mall at the Palazzo. These tenants represent approximately 60% of the retail space available at the shops of the Palazzo. We anticipate the remainder of the space will be full leased by spring 2007. Turning now to our performance activities and activities in Asia, the Sands Macao turned in another record quarter generating an all time high adjusted EBITDA of $117 million, up over 44% from the quarter one year ago. We remain particularly pleased with the momentum in our mass casino business. As I mentioned at the beginning of my comments, our win per table per day and win per machine per day have increased compared to the first quarter year ago, despite capacity increases in both the market place and at the Sands itself. Mass table drop was $11.4 million per day in the quarter, that’s up 20% from the $9.5 million per day in the second quarter of 2005. Slot handle grew 57% reaching $263 million and producing a win per unit per day of $247 across all 895 units. As I mentioned in my introductory comments, our win per table per day and slot per unit per day growth, despite large increases in capacity, secure our belief that by following our strategy we’ll continue to see growth in both our mass table and slot businesses over the long term, despite the addition of new capacity in the market place. On the VIP market side, rolling volume came in at a record $4.3 billion in the second quarter compared to $2 billion in the second quarter of ’05. We recently expanded our Paiza Club which added 16 VIP tables and incremented capacity to 30% to accommodate the needs of additional junket eruption sales agents. We continue to bring additional VIP players through our high end network and we’ll continue to focus our pies to marketing activities in Asia to directly support Macao and indirectly support Las Vegas. Our strategy for growth and expansion in Macao remains clear. The Sands Macao, the balance of our podium expansion which will have 250 mass tables and nearly 300 slot machines to our current capacity remains on track to open later this month. Upon completion of the expansion we will expect to have a total capacity of over 700 tables and over 1200 slot machines, over three times the initial capacity of the Wind Resort opening in September. Capacity to meet the increasing importance of the mass market, which we believe will provide the lion share of Macao’s market growth in the years ahead. Construction of the Venetian Macao, which will anchor the Cotai Strip remains on schedule for a summer 2007 opening, and we have now topped off the building. And on the remainder of the Cotai Strip we’ll continue to make significant progress in all aspects of development. We have now reached agreements with Fairmont Holdings Raffles International who have signed on to operate their brand on site 8, the final site available in phase one of our Cotai Strip development, along with a fair amount of Raffles brands that have entered into nonbinding letters of intent with Four Seasons, Hilton’s, Conrad, Starwood Sheraton, and St. Regis brands have expected to sign definitive agreements shortly. We’ve already signed definitive agreements for Shangril La covering our Shangril La and traders brands. With respect to construction, we’ve begun construction on each of sites 2, 5, and 6 in addition to obviously the Venetian in Macao. Additionally, we’re now on the ground of both sites 7 and 8 and have received government approval to begin soil testing work on those sites. We continue with design and planning activities on site 3. We expect all of these developments to be completed by the end of 2008. On the retail side, we continue to make steady progress on leasing the malls on the Cotai Strip. At our last update a little over one month ago, we announced that we had reached commercial terms with more than 200 premium retailers who combined will bring 250,000 branded stores to the Company’s malls. Today, six weeks later, I’m pleased to report we have reached commercial terms with more than 315 retailers for 699,000 square feet of retail space. That represents nearly 60% of the approximately 1.2 million square feet of available space at our Grand Canal shops and the adjoining mall at the Four Seasons in Macao. Moving ahead with the definitive leasing documents, we have now executed the first handful of them fully and have signed leases in place. We remain pleased with the enthusiasm of the retail customers on the Cotai Strip, a number of whom have expressed interest in leasing additional space from us in the malls we plan to construct in conjunction with the remainder of the strip. The additional Cotai development will add another 2 million square feet of retail space overall. As we’ve related in earlier discussions of our mall leasing activities at Macao, we believe that steadily increasing sales per square foot reported by retailers of Hong Kong shopping malls fueled largely by mainland Chinese visitors drawn by the approximate 30% tax advantage of purchasing luxury goods in China in the special administrative region of Hong Kong and Macao fall into our strategy of developing valuable non-core assets to both attract patrons to our properties and maximize returns on investment. In addition, we’re following closely the political debate taking place in Hong Kong that would impose a goods and services tax on retail goods there, which if it is active will give Macao-based retailers an advantage over Hong Kong based retailers. We certainly note that Hong Kong visitation has increased 11% this year with mainland visitation up about 14%. Year-to-date Hong Kong hotels ran 86% occupancy with an ADR increase of 16.2% for an average daily rate across all Hong Kong hotels of $132 and this all occurring despite a 3.7% addition to rooms. As a side note, relationships developed by our in-house leasing team have already borne fruit in our preliminary leasing activities in Singapore where we have received expressions of interest from our tenants in the Grand Canal shops by the dozen. Turning to development of our Macao convention business, we are pleased to share we continue make notable progress. We’ve now signed binding contracts with 10 multi-year trade shows representing more than 26 separate events to host at Venetian Macao on the Cotai Strip, beginning in September of 2007. Again our relationships with convention planners in Las Vegas and Macao give us a leg up in our pre-marketing activities for the 1.2 million square feet of convention space at our Singapore integrated resort. Turning to entertainment offerings on the Cotai Strip, we advanced our plans with Cirque Du Soleil to provide them a permanent home, their first in Asia, and our Cirque Du Soleil theater at the Venetian Macao on the Cotai Strip, and we continue pursue other world class entertainment talent who appeal specifically to our mainland Chinese, Hong Kong, and Pam-Asian customers in Macao. We’re making great progress with our Hengqin Island development. For those of you who are familiar Las Vegas, think of a Las Vegas Strip’s complimentary relationship with suburbs like Summerlin and Henderson. The amenities there particularly golf is a good recreational visitation to Las Vegas and are in themselves real estate value degeneratives. We think of the Cotai Strip and Hengqin Island in the same way, both with the added value of the second vacation home market and incremental visits to the Cotai Strip from buyers of those second homes. Now, add boarders, tennis players, convention delegates to the golfers then you have a complementary mix of non-core asset real estate value and ongoing visitor volume from second home visits as well as enhanced visitors amenity making the combined destination a more compelling offering. So there we are, the authority to execute the master plan for Hengqin Island has now been granted to Guangdong Province; that’s happened just in the past few days. Guangdong’s plan for all of Hengqin Island of which our proposed plans are a component will be agreed shortly. The process is taking place through a committee that includes participation from the central government. We are in dialogue with the committee and as comments or questions on our portion of the proposal are received from that committee, we are responding and we’re helpful to them in the process. We expect the Guangdong master plan for all of Hengqin Island will be decided by the end of this year. In fact, the Macao Daily News reported this week that the Guangdong Development and Reform Commission is attempting to get approval from central government from the second half of this year regarding the formation of their Hengqin Economic Cooperation Government and to start construction by the end of the year. Much remains to be finalized as a result as it relates to things like planning issues, construction negotiations, and contract negotiations and so forth, and policy approvals like border crossing issues, offshore currency trading, preferred taxations and so forth remain in the hands of the Beijing authorities, but we remain enthused about he level of interest we’re finding in terms of branded amenities and partnerships interest as well as government support. Being encouraged by the progress we are making, we have recently begun planning on a complimentary leisure destination which will enhance our Hengqin Island development plans. This development, Changxing Island, will offer water sports or resort amenities in the crystal clear waters of the South China Sea, only about an hour high speed ferry ride away from the Marina on Hengqin Island. Changxing provides an idyllic setting of wide sand beaches, clear waters, and a natural marine anchorage. Hengqin and Changxing developments continue to be subjective to receipt of necessary government approvals, but are very complementary to one another and very favored by the governments themselves. As most of you know we closed in June on a $2.5 billion senior secured credit facility to fund our near term growth plans in Macao. This facility will be used for the completion of the Sands expansion, the Venetian Macao and the Four Seasons as well as a portion of the construction on sites 5 and 6 as well as sites 3, 7, and 8. In terms of other development activities worldwide, we are continuing to pursue many promising opportunities. Expect o hear more from us in regard to those activities in the future. On the domestic front, we filed our application with the State of Pennsylvania for our proposed development of the Bethlehem Steel Works in downtown Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. We have been scheduled to present the event to the Pennsylvania regulators on November 6th. We remain enthused about the potential of this site, just a 90-minute drive from New York City and less than an hour’s drive from the affluent Northern New Jersey suburbs of New York. We expect a decision on this project by the end of the year. As I mentioned earlier, we added two world class senior executives to our team since our last call, Kevin Kelley most recently, President and Chief Operating Officer for Hard Rock Motel and Casino, has joined the operating team; and Bob Rozek, a former audit and insurance partner at Price Waterhouse Coopers, and more recently senior finance executive of Eastern Kodak Company has joined the company as our Chief Financial Officer and Principle Accounting Officer. They join Mark Brown, formerly the President of the Trump Organization and Michael Chandler followed by a senior development executive of the Hyatt organization, each of whom joined us last quarter. We also added key personnel in our Asian development group as we expanded the scope of their activities to include Singapore. Expect us to continue to deepen our bench strength with high-caliber management talent as we pursue our growth plans around the globe. Before we turn to the Q&A let me say that it’s gratifying to see our strategic vision being realized with our performance in Macao as well as the recognition of our place in the market as illustrated by the Singapore win. While our current performance this quarter in Las Vegas did not meet our expectation, we remain confident that successful execution of our plans will produce long-term results and industry wide leading returns. Although the trajectory of our growth will certainly not be without an interruption or two, steady, deliberate execution of our plans in Macao, in Las Vegas, and now in Singapore remains our primary focus. That’s what brought us to where we are today and that’s what will take us to higher levels of performance in the future. And now with that I’ll ask the operator to begin our Q&A session. Operator, would you please open the lines.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to ask a question please press * followed by 1 on your touchtone telephone. If your question has been answered or you wish to withdraw your question press * followed by 2. Please press * and 1 to begin. Our first question comes from the line of Felicia Hendricks with Lehman Brothers, please proceed.
Felicia Hendricks, Lehman Brothers: Hello, probable questions for you guys. First, I was wondering if you could just quantify the dollar impact of the low hold in Las Vegas for us.
William Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer: I think Brad has that statistic.
Brad Stone, Executive Vice President: If you look at a normalized hold of 21%, I think if you look at our last two years of operations it has actually exceeded that. There’s prior effect in revenue of about $8.6 million and assuming about a 60% margin, because it probably would have been at the higher end of our customer base, probably affected EBITDA to a tune of just over $5.2 million.
Felicia Hendricks, Lehman Brothers: Okay, and then as we kind of model going forward, obviously assuming the normalized hold, with the expense levels that you talked about, the highest expense levels that you’re clearly using to kind drive growth there, when do you expect it to kind of even out back to normalized levels, the margin that is?
Brad Stone, Executive Vice President: I think I’ll answer that question as well. As Bill pointed out in the presentation, we’ve added a lot of products. We’re kind of feeling our way through that process. A couple of recent good examples are the poker room. We opened the poker room and we actually lost money on that in the second quarter as we ramped that up. July, for example, we see it becoming profitable and reasonably profitable. As we get comfortable with that business, we grow the recognition that we have poker and we get efficient in our operations. Regarding a similar condition with the 450,000 square feet of meeting space we expanded, we’re feeling our way through that, so we found quite frankly while we’ve increased revenue in the catering side, the space we added is frankly not real efficient for us in the sense that we opened it prior to the infrastructure, which is supported by the Palazzo; in other words that 80,000 square feet ballroom that we have up on the fourth floor of that space doesn’t have a kitchen, for example. That kitchen is behind us about a year as we continue to develop and build the Palazzo resort. So, in the meantime, it becomes relatively expensive and we’ve seen some impact on our margins. In the short term, we’ll be more careful about what kind of events we book in that incremental space to improve our margins in the short term, but again that’s something once the infrastructure is in place and our cost of operating what is currently somewhat an inefficient space, that should improve our margins. Certainly, as we open our shell rooms with room and roof opened several months before this quarter started and obviously Phantom we opened in mid June, we’ve borne some expenses there without necessarily the benefit of the revenues, and we’ve had some inefficiencies in both those theaters and we see Blue Man starting to ramp up nicely. We have tremendous hopes based on the reviews and feedback on the fanfare, but again that will take some time as with any new product the feeling out the proper staffing levels that we supported with and of course growing the revenues as those products get marketed. So, I think in general we have a lot of new products, we’re very fortunate to have that product, but we’re finding that we can do some things better and we’ve got some challenges, and we’re ready and willing and able t as we have in the past to attack those challenges and make those venues very profitable.
Felicia Hendricks, Lehman Brothers: Okay, the next question I have — I think this is more for Bill — you gave us an update on a lot of different endeavors that you’re pursuing, one that’s come out in the news recently, your name was associated with a project in Japan, I was wondering if you could touch upon that?
William Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer: Well that was as much of a surprise to us as it was to you; I mean we have been active in Asia now for years. About three years ago, we pointed at individuals to actually work for us in Japan and work basically under the radar screen there to deal with the Liberal Democratic Party and the various committees that had been set up. This individual that made that comment happened to be in Singapore. So, apparently the question must have come up in the context of expansion and he basically ousted us as it were in terms of our activities there relating to helping to advance the concept of casino gaming for Japan. Things move slowly shall we say, some say glacially in Japan, in terms of how things move from one step to another, but he accurately reported that the Liberal Democratic Party there has advanced an outlined casino legislation that will be introduced and debated in the Diet beginning the first quarter of next year if all went well. By the end of 2007 there would be legislation and 2008 they would go through a process of bidding and/or lining up potential partners, and as he were relating they would hope by 2010 if all went well there would be some form of casino gaming in Japan. Now, there’s a lot of distance between today and there, but I think the report essentially reflected our activities in Asia where we have a number of people that are working with us and for us to position us for other opportunities.
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: Now Felicia this is Sheldon Adelson. I just like to say that newspaper article didn’t come as a surprise, but that’s what actually happened. It was somebody’s estimate. We won the tender in Macao and we won the tender in Singapore. I think with any company in Asia it would be hard pressed to say that they prefer to have number two or number three or number five candidates in other places that didn’t receive the nod. So, I can’t imagine companies like Thailand or Japan saying, “Oh, we don’t want number one, we want number five.” So, the fact that we’ve accomplished what we said we’re going to accomplish, and the Chinese government is quite satisfied with us. We’re very optimistic but when it comes to submitting tenders in other countries that will be right up there at the top.
Felicia Hendricks, Lehman Brothers: Okay, thanks a lot.
William Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer: Just to clarify the surprise was just that…not surprised that it was identified as being active, it was surprising to us that an advisor in official government would make that announcement at this time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Larry Klatzkin with Jefferies, please proceed.
Lawrence Klatzkin, Jefferies & Company: Hey guys, a couple of questions. One, as you’re more in the market, what are you seeing as far as seasonality in Macao and even mass versus high end?
Bob Rozek, our Chief Financial Officer: I think we’ve articulated on prior conference calls that one of our channels, at least from our database so far, first quarter is challenging, it has a lot of mass business, but a lot of the premium business is over here in Las Vegas and traveling during that Chinese New Year period. In the second quarter, we had good solid business in both segments. As you look to the third quarter, a little bit more of a mass segment, a lot of people on vacation, lot of visitation, a little less high end perhaps, though we feel very encouraged about our business there. Then the fourth quarter is kind of like the second quarter. So, we are starting to see a pattern of seasonality, of course the opening of Win provides an opportunity for let’s say additional visitation as that becomes an event for Macao along with our expansion of our facility and our ability to take our property now and to reach into a broader market; with those additional table capacities we can start offering the mass market that is currently relegated to the secondary quality properties because of gaming limits as we begin to offer 200 Hong Kong Dollars, in some case 100 Hong Kong Dollars table minimums we think will help stimulate a section of the market as well as Macao people get to see and continue to enjoy better quality products, and of course that will capped off with the opening of the Venetian in the spring of next year.
Lawrence Klatzkin, Jefferies & Company: All right, second question, going forward, you’re talking about this new island that’s a little bit of a resort island and high speed ferry to get people back and forth in Cotai from your other island, are you going to have your own high speed ferry to bring people back and forth or are you depending on Stanley’s ferry company to do that?
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: We’ll be doing our own ferries. We’re also looking at the possibility of doing ferries in the current routes, and we think it’s a good thing for us to do.
Lawrence Klatzkin, Jefferies & Company: And the new ferry terminal for Cotai, looks it’s a little bit behind schedule?
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: I was just there a few days ago on Saturday, today is Wednesday, about five days ago. It looked like it would be on schedule for me. The whole skeleton was up, the sides were going on, and I felt they were making tremendous progress. Now, I don’t have access to the plans, it wasn’t on my radar screen, but it appears to be going at a good clip. As long as it’s ready and running by the time the first true destination resort in Macao opens, that’s the Venetian Macao next summer, as long as it’s up and operating by then it’s enough of time.
Lawrence Klatzkin, Jefferies & Company: All right, I’m going to switching over to Vegas. What are you seeing, I mean we’re in through July right now, what are you seeing in the next quarters, do you still see strength in Vegas, any backing off or weakening?
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: We don’t see anything on the horizon. I think it was a weak quarter all the way around for everybody in Vegas, but we don’t see anything in the horizon and the growth trend that Las Vegas has been experiencing for decades, and hopefully will continue to experience in the future. One weak quarter is not a trend interrupt.
Lawrence Klatzkin, Jefferies & Company: And how about July in Macao?
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: We’ll have to discuss that at the next conference call.
Lawrence Klatzkin, Jefferies & Company: Okay, and then last question…
Brad Stone, Executive Vice President: It’s hard for him to say that yet.
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: We can only say we’re not putting our…sneak it in, that’s okay.
William Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer: We can say this, Larry, first of all the whole thing about whether gasoline or no gasoline or whatever just walking across the fall, walking around the building, it’s very busy. I don’t perceive any difference in filing of just a pure body count this July from last July; I mean just looking around the table there the rest of the guys come here pretty well every day, and in Macao it’s busy.
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: I remember that many years ago when fuel was under $1 a gallon and when it up over $1, everybody was crying doomsday. Now, we’re at $3 or $4 a gallon and everybody is saying that the cost of fuel is going to affect the visitation to Vegas. Well, Larry, when you come into Vegas next time I’d like you to come into my office and I’ll show you a picture of Life Magazine of Doom 1955. Las Vegas I think is the boom over expenses.
Lawrence Klatzkin, Jefferies & Company: Yeah, I know, many people have written about the end of Vegas over the years, I agree with you.
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: Rumors of my demise are exaggerated and premature.
Lawrence Klatzkin, Jefferies & Company: On the Far East, there are some rumors that they’re looking to do their own project and leave you guys. I understand that’s not true, but better get it from the horse’s mouth, what’s up?
William Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer: It would be hard to do, it’s our land.
Lawrence Klatzkin, Jefferies & Company: No they were going to go to another site, I know that they would go to a different site?
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: The Far East is not going to a different site.
Lawrence Klatzkin, Jefferies & Company: Good, I’m glad to hear that.
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: Larry, the Far East isn’t going anywhere. It would be better for us, however. We have moral obligations and we want to continue with them. They are good people and we’d like to continue with them. I mean it would be best for us if we just kept our land.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. Please proceed.
Robin Farley, UBS: Thanks, Sheldon, a couple of questions. Obviously before your results there was some concern about convention, visitation in Las Vegas, and your REVPAR strength, looks like that’s not an issue, I don’t if you can comment on forward convention bookings as well. At the same time, your table drops in Las Vegas was relatively flat and always seems so far of the overall market is the numbers through May and volume through May looked like it was up significantly. I just wonder if you could comment a little bit about what we’re seeing in your results versus what we seem to find the market overall.
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: Robin, before Bill says anything on this, I’d just like to repeat. One quarter does not make or interrupt. If you talk about a month or a quarter, Vegas was good for decades, it’s going to be here for decades more. We exist on a trend and if there’s a little fight, drop it…and no trend is completely smooth. So, I don’t know why we talk about a month or a quarter; let’s just talk about the trend. Like I said before, there’s nothing on the horizon, there’s nothing we’ve envisioned, then the radar screens show the long term that would affect the trend that we ride.
Brad Stone, Executive Vice President: To get us to break your question down into the group size; I mean we saw a healthy increase in group business in the second quarter. We’re up about 24% in group nights, so a lot of activity there. We capitalized and used the new meeting space. Again that caught a little short on the margins with that catering aspect of that new meeting space. As we look forward, we share with you from time to time our group booking pace and the way we define is if you look at the 30th June of 2005 and looking forward 12 months as of 06/30/05, we had 402,000 room nights on the books. As we look at 06/30/06 for the 12 months looking forward, we have 562,000 room nights on the books, so a very healthy growth and also a growth in the average daily rate despite adding that many rooms. Again, the positive thing about adding that many rooms is those rooms are being added in mid October, they’re being added on the marginal periods because that’s where our growth opportunities in the group business are. The only thing we have to look at quite frankly is making sure that we…we talk about fine tuning things and I know in other conference calls we’ve said…it sounds schizophrenic here, some quarters we didn’t book enough group rooms. We’re constantly reviewing and examining the mix of room nights as it affects all our revenue centers, whether it be catering, whether it be slot products, whether it be table games drop which kind of sags away into the other question, and maybe we’ll have Rob answer that. But certainly as we know it that when we add group room nights we do see effects in terms of the volumes in the casino, particularly on the mass side; that’s one thing that perhaps contributed to…we grew nicely in the Baccara business, we grew about 15% in the second quarter and dropped, but we fell off and so had an almost offset effect on what I call the non-Baccara business.
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: Robin, what I’d like to say is, just think back for a second as part of our conference here. We said in the first quarter we had 99.9% occupancy, the second quarter we had 99.5%. It’s virtually 100% full and we couldn’t get any higher. Think of the fact that we opened our 500,000 square feet meeting complex a year and a half in advance because the demand for groups was so great that we had to open it to be accommodative. We now have 300 plus meeting rooms that hold 57,000 people simultaneously. That facility is the largest such facility in the world and we have more meeting rooms than all the hotels in San Francisco or all the hotels in Los Angeles and all the cities in the West Coast, maybe even New York and Chicago, we haven’t run into that research yet. If you look at our ADR, if you look at our occupancy rate, if you look at our demand for the meeting room complex, we can hold 57,000 people simultaneously; now not that there is one group that wants that, but we could accommodate a lot of groups and overlap a lot. So, higher occupancy is our future. The matter of the fact of opening the meeting room complex before we finish the infrastructure was a decision we made because of the demand that was out there. So, we accelerated and we will catch up to it. So, it’s better to bring the business in and have virtually 100% occupancy rate than turn the business away because the kitchen wasn’t up.
Robin Farley, UBS: Can you clarify the comments about the nights on the books, the 562,000, does some of that include Palazzo room nights at this point?
Brad Stone, Executive Vice President: No, it doesn’t. In fact that just takes you through the second quarter of ’07 and we’re opening the Palazzo in obviously the third quarter, so that takes you through 560,000 room nights from 06/30/06 to 06/30/07.
Robin Farley, UBS: Okay, great. Also, a question on Macao, you talked about Changxing Island near Hengqin, maybe you can clarify, would that require a whole other set of approvals on a different timeframe then Hengqin, and I don’t know if you can talk about any kind of economic commitment from LVS for that.
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: We don’t want to go overboard on that. Consider that just an amenity, that it’s an island. I once had a huge 30-foot boat that I drove myself and went deep sea fishing; it was a lot of fun. And the fact of the matter is that it’s only an amenity. It’s just an amenity and we’re not creating another big development there. It’s an entrant to Hengqin Island development.
William Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer: Those of you who’ve been to Macao recognize that the waters around Macao are not particularly swimmable, shall we say. It looks like a cup of coffee. It’s a river delta, so it’s a brown muddy river delta. A large part of what we’re doing on Hengqin Island is to develop marina facilities. Chinese are breeding some of the materials, they’re buying cars, they’re buying boats, their lifestyle is changing. So, the primary focus of Changxing is to give a destination for those yachts so that it’s got a clear water destination. There’s not a lot of investment that needs to be done in Changxing; it has the natural marina, it has the beaches, etc. So, it’s an amenity but it’s also a way of spreading further economic wealth in the Southern part of China so that more than Macao and more than Xuhai our advantage buy it. So, it has a dual purpose quite frankly, but it certainly adds to the amenity value of a business to the region, and that’s what we’re trying to do -- making the Cotai Strip a full fledged destination, dining, shopping, golf, gaming, sailing, buying, all the kinds of things that people like to do in one place at one time, to drive Macao as the destination, as is Las Vegas.
Robin Farley, UBS: Can you put kind of outside capital commitment just so we get what kind of economic commitment that is there?
William Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer: It’s very small.
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: It won’t make an impact of a tiny fraction of 1% of Hengqin, it’s probably unremarkable.
Robin Farley, UBS: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Kent with Goldman Sachs, please proceed.
Steven Kent, Goldman Sachs: Hi, good afternoon, just to stick on Hengqin just for another moment. The Hengqin opportunity as you’ve stated and we’ve seen is a huge opportunity, but as you’re interacting with the government and talking to them about some of the issues, are there any issues out there as you’re talking to them that would sort of reduce your desire to go into that market, and what I mean by that is the potential for the tunnel between Macao and Hengqin, the potential to not have checking of travel documents, etc., any of those kinds of issues as you talk to them that sort of says we may not be willing to go forward with this?
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: I’m sorry, they’re the ones that are telling us they want a tunnel under the channel and there’s been a lot of discussion about the multi-million square foot convention center/exhibition center to build on Hengqin to essentially move the Macao immigration prints on the other side of the building. That’s a problem, they understand, they know what it’s about, that travel between the two countries, China and Macao have to be considered as though there’s an expansion in Macao.
William Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer: I was very careful in what I said to make sure that we divide between Macao and Vegas. The local authorities in Xuhai, the regional authorities in Guangdong province, have indicated they want to be able to create advantages for Hengqin Island and they’ve asked the central government for policy decisions that would then relate to that. So, while we have Guangdong who are involved directly in the master planning process, those policy decisions are still in the hands of Beijing. While the local authorities have indicated that’s what they want to do, Beijing has to determine whether that makes sense or not; I think that’s the best way to clarify it. But, I don’t believe that Beijing’s decision about a border crossing would affect the fundamental value of development of Hengqin Island. It would certainly ease the process of particularly the convention business of being able to have millions of square feet of exhibition space on Hengqin Island as well as millions of square feet in Macao.
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: They know the room supply in Macao is what’s going to hold the delegates to go to the convention center. They know that if everybody has to go through immigration and wait in line that it’s never going to work. So, subject to the approval of Beijing, people are working very close to accomplish what they want to accomplish.
Steven Kent, Goldman Sachs: Finally, last quarter you mentioned that there might be an opportunity you’re working on I believe in Europe, is there any additional color you could provide to that?
William Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer: We’ve been very low key on that process. We don’t want to have the market be disappointed. So, it’s not really even on our communications radar screen. If in fact we’re successful, we’ll inform everyone. We are involved, it could be very interesting, but there’s no sense. Although we have in front of us all the positive things going on, we don’t want to put any flack I guess you would say in the atmosphere.
Steven Kent, Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks for your help.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Celeste Brown with Morgan Stanley, please proceed.
Celeste Brown, Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon. A couple of questions; first, I guess inverse of the Las Vegas question, what was the EBITDA and back to the higher hold in Macao?
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: I’d like to interrupt and tell you I read cover to cover of your Macao study and I’d like to compliment you, you did a very good job.
Bob Rozek, our Chief Financial Officer: I guess I’d start off by saying that the impact of the full percentage would have been primarily in the rolling ship program. Rolling ship program was up about four-tenths of a percent above the 2.5. So, we’d say that our expected range on the rolling ship program is 2.5 to 2.8, so it’s slightly above. So on a $4 billion rolling ship program, obviously one-tenth of 1% would have been about $4 million, and you can say if it’s two times of a percent it’s $8 million, and of course on that particular business we only run about 15% to 20% margin because of the 40% tax and the 1% roughly of the rolling ship that we paid as a junket rip. So, it had an effect probably in the range of EBITDA of $2 million to $4 million. On the mass side, again we held I believe it was 18.9, and that’s kind of towards the higher end but it’s still roughly within our range and roughly four tenths of a percent on roughly of $330 million of drop would have been…
Celeste Brown, Morgan Stanley: And then on Hengqin Island I guess, first do you view this as a done deal just sort of dotting the i’s and crossing the t’s waiting for Beijing, and do you have a sense for how much you’re going to need to put into that and when that would begin, and then I guess when we would start to see proceeds back out?
William Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer: The answer to number tone is nothing is over till it’s over and when we’re dealing with the central government it’s always better to be cautious in terms of how you frame how the process is perceived. Number two, we see the expenditures of being relative to what we’re doing, relative and small over the near time, because the infrastructure work and the development work and things of that nature, preparation work are the beginning parts of it. So, let’s say over a 12-month time horizon we don’t see it being a very large amount of money. If we are correct in our judgment it is possible that we may get started by the end of this year, but we don’t see it being certainly a significant amount of money over the year of 2007. We have proposed a staged development that would put in place product as we test the market quite frankly. So, we would see about a two-year development process and we would then see return coming shortly thereafter because we get our pre-marketing activities for selling the individual units as we begin the construction process.
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: Celeste, we’re optimistic and confident that it will be fine, but Bill says it’s not over till it’s over. As far as investment is concerned remember that the cost of construction in doing infrastructure work is significantly less than what it is even in Macao, because it’s in China and we use Chinese labor. So, it’s not going to command a significant part of our resources, a matter of fact small enough so that we will just handle that out of working capital, we won’t have to do separate finances for that. And when we do the first phase of development there, we believe that we’ll be pre-selling all of the units, so we don’t see Hengqin Island, although the outside potential of 62 million square feet is somewhat phenomenal to say the least.
Bob Rozek, our Chief Financial Officer: But, if I were to jump and correct myself, you think of month versus quarter, we had about $1 billion of non-rolling drafts in the second quarter and we’re actually at 18.6, one-tenth of a point which maybe above the higher end of our range. So it probably affected us, after gaming tax maybe it’s a tune of $4 million or $5 million.
Celeste Brown, Morgan Stanley: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dennis Forst with Keybanc Capital Markets, please proceed.
Dennis Forst, Keybanc Capital Markets: Yeah, all my questions were answered except for one simple one. At the very beginning, Bill, you had mentioned that you added 400 FTEs to the Venetian, what does that bring the total up to?
Rob Goldstein, President of the Venetian Las Vegas: It’s just under $6 million. The breakup on direct fees was poker was 119, theater operations box office, Phantom was around 87, Paiza Club increased…the total was about 6000 employees.
Dennis Forst, Keybanc Capital Markets: 6000 employees, okay, thanks a lot.
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: Dennis, bearing in mind that all our restaurants are leased out. The spa is leased, the restaurants are leased out, so a significant part of all the employment in the hotel is by third parties.
Dennis Forst, Keybanc Capital Markets: All right, but 400 sounds like a fairly significantly number on top of 5600 going in.
Rob Goldstein, President of the Venetian Las Vegas: Well, it’s adding a lot of product and poker takes a lot of generation, and again we saw in July, we turned the corner on covering those payroll costs and actually making some additional dollars. Some of those numbers are, as Rob said, 87 are in the area of the theaters. We actually get revenue, we collect box office revenue, we get certain reimbursements for those as well. So, it’s not just added cost.
Rob Goldstein, President of the Venetian Las Vegas: Three areas are profitable, the poker room obviously is labor intense, the dealer operations will stabilize, we’re comfortable with Blue Man, Sam and Gordie Brown are profitable already. We actually added more cabanas to the pool this summer and 197 banquets there was for the quarter, just because we increased banquet business and not all that…
Dennis Forst, Keybanc Capital Markets: And kind of spoil this with the high margins at the Venetian, the 30% for the quarter seems to be hopefully a trough margin?
Bob Rozek, our Chief Financial Officer: I think we did spoil it, but we hope to spoil it again in the future.
Dennis Forst, Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Anders with Merrill Lynch, please proceed.
David Anders, Merrill Lynch: Hey Brad or Bill, you’ll be at 700 tables, what day will that be for Sands Macao?
Brad Stone, Executive Vice President: Our current projected opening date is the 23rd of August.
David Anders, Merrill Lynch: And so you’ll be at 700 and then you’ll kind of run there for the next year or so?
Brad Stone, Executive Vice President: We don’t see that necessarily changing. We will be adding hotel products in Sands Macao, approximately 180 mini-suites; that construction will start shortly and be opened sometime next summer to support the convenience, but still there’s some overnight market there.
David Anders, Merrill Lynch: Have you tried to cross on that as well or not really?
Brad Stone, Executive Vice President: We still have to do a cross somewhere between $80 and $90 million.
David Anders, Merrill Lynch: And now just to be clear on this full whole percentage, you played unlucky in Vegas, you played lucky in Macao, and net-net at all counts was out at the corporate level?
Brad Stone, Executive Vice President: Well, marginally lucky I guess in Macao, within our ranges. Certainly, we’ve been enjoying an excess of a 22% whole percentage for the last year or two and Las Vegas to fall down to 17.5% is quite a difference for us. So, it’s a bit unusual for us to go down that low.
David Anders, Merrill Lynch: Well, I thought you said it was 3% in Macao and you normally run 2.5% to 2.8%, are those the right numbers?
Brad Stone, Executive Vice President: Yeah, that’s two-tenths of a percent against the upper part of the range.
David Anders, Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Jay Cogan with Banc of America, please proceed.
Jeremy Cogan, Banc of America Securities: Hi, good afternoon. I’ve got a few quickies her for you. First, as it relates to the retail in Macao, has there been any change, Bill, meaningful in regards to the average price per foot that you’re getting those indications or you’re starting to write those leases at? As it relates to the vacation suites in Cotia, I was just wondering if there was any update as to the 2.4 million square feet and the expected rates you were hoping to achieve there, and then I have a couple of quick followups.
William Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay, let’s say it one at a time. Now the rates that we’re booking the mall, as far as the lease rates are somewhere accordingly to our table, I guess you could say the lease rates that we’ve talked to you all about. The question of what the blended rate is depends on the space leased during the time period, that’s all. There is time space that commands a premium to let’s say mezzanine space, but our expectation of average is where we were in the past.
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: The overall budget could be entire Grand Canal shop, we’re ahead of that budget.
Jeremy Cogan, Banc of America Securities: Okay, and as it relates to the vacation suites, number of square feet, has that moved at all in terms of more or less units, and what price you hope to achieve on those?
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: All the square footage has stayed the same.
Jeremy Cogan, Banc of America Securities: Okay, then as it relates just to the broader CapEx in Macao, the Venetian, and the Four Season sites 5, 6, 7, and 8, have the CapEx numbers for those projects moved at all one way or the other since the last fall?
Bob Rozek, our Chief Financial Officer: I’ll give you the CapEx forecast for the balance of the year.
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: Final plans for 7 and 8 haven’t been completed and we are still opening there and we are still out to bid on 5 and 6, but we think that our estimates are within range.
Jeremy Cogan, Banc of America Securities: Got it, just wanted to make sure, and then as it relates to the healthcare…
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: We have a lot of experience building 10.5 million square feet now with the Venetian and we have a better idea as to exactly what it costs us and how to plug in numbers for different elements of construction.
Jeremy Cogan, Banc of America Securities: Understood, it’s just that there have been a few changes during this running season, so I just wanted to make sure as we look at the models we’re still looking at the right numbers.
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: I think it’s fair to say there are no significant changes.
Jeremy Cogan, Banc of America Securities: Then, on the healthcare cost in the self-insurance issues that you had in the quarter, if you can help quantify maybe what the impact there was kind of year over year, because I would image that some of that probably just goes away right away, so is there anyway to quantify that at all that healthcare and self-insurance issue in the quarter?
Bob Rozek, our Chief Financial Officer: For the quarter if you look at all payroll related it was roughly significantly $7 million year over year, which had a big impact on our margins. Healthcare insurance itself was up just under $4 million of that. So, that’s a pretty significant number that we need to attack and work on. We need to find a balance between making sure we have outstanding benefits for our team members and making sure that those costs are controlled adequately, and this is a big number we’re going to delve in. There’s no quick or easy solution for this. It’s certainly a trend that people are saying nationwide I think we’re being impacted perhaps more than we should be and I think there’s opportunity for us to bring these costs down.
Jeremy Cogan, Banc of America Securities: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next and final question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with JP Morgan Chase, please proceed.
Harry Curtis, JP Morgan: Hi guys, going back to Singapore for a moment, could you talk about the convention market in Singapore today and your sense of what that demand is going to look like once you open in perhaps 2009?
William Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer: The convention market in Singapore is probably, at least in Asia, the top most popular place to hold a convention. It may be among the top three in the world with places like Las Vegas and Vienna as far as holding conferences, perhaps not as much trade shows but certainly conferences. And the interesting thing I think about Singapore is we look at the Singapore market and it has very little modern good meeting space. I think the demand for Singapore exceeds the supply of space there and we believe that once we put good modern flexible space in the market place we could capture a lot more share of world conference revenues that Singapore currently captures. So, we’re very confident that the convention and eventually the trade show market development there can be very robust. So, we got more encouraged as we actually dug into the detail.
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: We’re building a significant convention facility there like we have here in Las Vegas. We’ll build somewhere about 250 meeting rooms that will hold 52,000 people simultaneously, and that compares with the equivalent of 34,000 people capacity in the top 50 hotels in Singapore. So, rather than any group having to use multiple hotels for meeting rooms, they’ll be able to use one facility and that will be very, very effective with a lot of groups that would go to Singapore.
Harry Curtis, JP Morgan: Do you think it takes a longer or shorter period of time for the demand to ramp?
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: Well, I’ve got a meeting on the 14th there with a chairman of a very well known company, it’s huge, probably one of the top 20 companies in the country; we talked about a 16,000 person group and all night. So, the ramp up there, there’s a lot of interest, there’s quality. There’s an IMF meeting occurring either currently or in the next month or so in Singapore and it’s recognized as a very high quality meeting place, but it will be even more because when they’ll be able to hold all their plenaries, hold all their banquets, and hold all their breakup room sessions under one roof it’s a highly effective configuration for them.
Harry Curtis, JP Morgan: That’s great, thank you.
Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman: We see nothing but the convention upside in the Macao is going very good.
William Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer: It’s just bringing our model that’s been so successful here to another place that has infrastructure support, so I think it’s a perfect combination.
Harry Curtis, JP Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Bill Weidner.
William Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to talking with you again in the future. We spent a lot of time on a lot of different issues and I appreciate your patience and your focus, and we’ll look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Thanks again and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-05-04 21:45:00) =====
Executives: William Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman Brad Stone, Executive Vice President Scott Henry, Chief Financial Officer  Rob Goldstein, President of the Venetian Las Vegas
Analysts: David Anders - Merrill Lynch Lawrence Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company Bill Lerner - Prudential Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley Robin Farley - UBS Jay Cogan - Banc of America Securities
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Las Vegas Sands Corporation First Quarter 2006 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Onika and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question and answer session towards the end of this conference. If at any time you need assistance during the call, please press star zero and a coordinator will be happy to assist you. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. William Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer. Please proceed, sir. 
William Weidner: Thank you, Onika, and good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. With me today are Mr. Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman of our company; Mr. Brad Stone, Executive Vice President; Mr. Scott Henry, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Rob Goldstein, President of the Venetian Las Vegas.  Before we begin I need to once again remind you that today’s conference call contains forward-looking statements that we are making under the Safe Harbor provisions of federal securities laws. I would also like to caution you that the company’s actual results could differ materially from the anticipated results of those forward-looking statements. Please see today’s press release under the caption, “forward-looking statements” for the discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition, we may discuss adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDAR, which are non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of those measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measure is included in the press release. Please note that this presentation is also being recorded.  Those of you that follow the Sands Corporation know that 2005 was a very important, highly successful year for the company. Our financial performance reached record levels and our development activities produced an exceptional pipeline of growth opportunities.  I am pleased to report that we have maintained that momentum on all fronts in our first quarter of 2006, from financial, operational, development and executive perspectives, we have made substantial progress.  Some of those highlights include:  Turning to our quarterly results, we started year 2006 with a record first quarter, reflecting strong growth across the board at both our Las Vegas and our Macao properties.  In Las Vegas, we delivered strong results in each component of our business -- hotel, casino, convention, and food and beverage. At Las Vegas, EBITDAR came in at just over $101 million. Table games volume was up 17.6% over the same quarter last year, while hold came in within our expected range at 22.1% versus last year’s first quarter hold of 23.8%.  We had the best first quarter in the history of the property in the hotel and food and beverage side of the business. The recent expansion of our meeting facilities continues to provide us with both greater capacity to book group business and increased booking flexibility.  Increased group business led the way to delivering a first quarter REVPAR increase of 4.6%, driven by an all-time high occupancy rate of 99.9%, and an ADR that also increased to $249. Catering revenues are added to room revenues and divided by available rooms, the rooms and catering REVPAR grew from $304 in the first quarter of 2005 to $330 in the first quarter of 2006, an increase of nearly 10%.  This result highlights the value of the sustained competitive advantage of our original convention based business plan, and bodes well for our ability to foster continued same-store REVPAR growth in the years ahead, and for the opening of the Pallazo in the third quarter of 2007, which allow us an expansion and extension of that strategy to a significantly larger asset base.  Later we will touch on our plans to add over 1 million square feet of additional meeting and convention space to further drive business for our Venetian and Pallazo complex.  Targeted capital improvements at the Venetian continue to bear fruit. The opening of the Paiza Club and the renovation of our high-end suites have played an important role in our ability to attract more premium customers and grow our high-end business in Las Vegas.  Given the success of our Paiza Club, we continue to invest in high-end suite capacity, and we are in the process of renovating or three presidential suites and establishing our 34th, 35th, and 36th floors here at the Venetian as an identifiable VIP enclave.  As we’ve noted in the past, an important component of our high-end strategy is our cross-marketing efforts with the Sands Macao and at its Paiza Club, particularly as we establish relationships with an increasing number of VIP players in that region, and as we increase our Paiza Club capacity in Macao.  Our strong Las Vegas Baccara business growth reflects the success of that strategy, with Baccara drop increasing over 40% this quarter compared to first quarter last year.  Turning to our entertainment offering, we are very pleased at the response to Tao and Blue Man Group, both opening last Fall. Tao and Blue man are generating significant traffic and clearly represent an additional dimension in terms of overall ambience and appeal of the property, particularly to a younger market demographic.  In April, we opened our new 39 table state-of-the-art poker room, further broadening our offering to this market segment while generating incremental traffic.  As we look out at the remainder of 2006 and into the year 2007, we have initiated projects designed to further strengthen and re-merchandise the Venetian, both in terms of its general appeal and its ability to produce incremental cash flow.  The new 1800 seat Phantom Theatre, hosting Phantom of the Opera, the Las Vegas Spectacular, remains on track for a June opening. Advanced ticket sales for the production, Phantom Las Vegas Spectacular, are extremely brisk.  Construction continues on a third theatre, adding 800 more entertainment seats to our offering. The theatre is expected to open in August with a show by the celebrated comedian and entertainer, Gordie Brown.  Mario Batali, the award-winning chef, will open a new restaurant at the Venetian later this year. The restaurant will be modeled on his highly successful New York creation, Babbo and Lupa. Phase II of our pool deck renovation, which concludes the completion of upgrades to the balance of the pool area, the addition of more luxury cabanas and the creation of our new Tao Beach area, an elegant and sophisticated European style pool deck area, will be completed by this summer.  In terms of our room product, we are in the midst of the planning process to complete the renovation of all of our suite rooms in the Venetian tower. It is likely to commence later on this year. The renovation process will update, improve and contemporize our Venetian rooms while minimizing disruptions to our current business.  These initiatives illustrate one of the advantages building a large, all suite building with a timeless Venetian theme. We can reconfigure, reinvent and re-merchandise the property from a base that does not limit repositioning.  For example, our large, all suite rooms can be continually renovated and contemporized. No one has yet come up with the ability to make a 400 square foot room larger. No one has invented yet a wall structure to accomplish that. So having the timelessly themed base building, originally designed as an all suite produce, with a strong retail presence, restaurants, and entertainment offerings, that can continually be refreshed and re-merchandised, which also happens to be interconnected to millions of square feet of meeting and exhibition space, provides a distinct, competitive advantage for sustaining long-term, market-leading positioning.  Construction of the Pallazo all suites resort remains on schedule for a third quarter 2007 opening. Our retail leasing activity at the plaza mall is also going well, led by our agreement with leading retailer Barney’s of New York, to provide an anchor to that mall process.  Finally, we are currently in the process of working through the county approval process to add a new 1.1 million square foot convention facility to complement our existing Sands Expo and Convention Center. Assuming the approval process continues to progress on a timely basis, completion is expected in Spring of 2008.  This expansion, along with the Pallazo opening in third quarter 2007, will allow us to book more larger groups, creating incremental group demand for our rooms, and creating the expectation of a positive impact on room rates and REVPAR at the Venetian and at our new Pallazo, again opening in third quarter of ’07.  Turning now to our performance activities in Asia, our Sands Macao property turned in another record quarter, generating adjusted EBITDAR of $103 million, up over 50% from the same quarter last year and, more importantly, in the traditionally seasonally soft first quarter.  We are particularly pleased with the momentum in our mass casino business. despite significant increases in mass table and slot capacity in the Macao market, the total number of tables have increased by 40% in that market place year on year, and slot capacity has increased by 60%.  The addition of tables and slots at our own Sands Macao, we have added 80 tables and 90 slots on a year on year basis.  Despite those additions to capacity, the win per table per day and win per machine per day actually increased. That is a remarkable performance, particularly in the traditionally weaker first quarter.  At the Sands Macao, mass table drop reached $11.7 million per day in the quarter. That is up from $9.5 million per day in the first quarter of 2005, reflecting both the success of our promotional programs and our expanded capacity. We actually opened our level that we call the fortune gaming area, adding 28 additional tables in January, and added another 52 tables by reconfiguring the main floor over the same period.  Slot handle grew 78%, reaching $247 million. Our win per table per day, our win per slot unit per day growth, despite larger increases in capacity, support our belief that we will continue to see outstanding growth in both our mass table and slot business over the longer term, despite the addition of new capacity to the market place.  This is particularly gratifying news to us, providing further validation of our innovative approach to the Macao market. When we developed our strategy for Macao back in 2001, we communicated to the markets our view that the mass market in Macao will grow dramatically as the right type of product was introduced into the market place.  The lynchpin of our strategy in entering the Macao market was our belief that the principal driver for Macao’s future growth would be the growing Chinese economy, the rapid rise of Chinese disposable income, and emerging consumerism. We said we would focus on that growing mass market first and then follow on with developing the VIP market. The success of our Sands Macao validates the efficacy of that initial part of our strategy and supports the rationale for our broader strategic direction in Macao.  In the next step of that strategy, we said we will build a Venetian Macao as Asia’s first true Las Vegas mega-resort, complete with thousands of all suite rooms, major themed, grand canal retail space, large convention facilities, Vegas style showrooms and MGM Grand garden style arena, hundreds of thousands of square feet of casino space and thousands of slot machines to appeal directly to that new emerging market -- the mass Chinese consumer. Addressing that market with a full, Las Vegas style product, something entirely new and compelling to the market place.  We also said the development of Asia’s Las Vegas strip would maximize the opportunity created by that growing Chinese economy, the policy directives of Central Government of China, and in the longer term, increasing the consumer’s Chinese middle class.  So how are things turning out five years later? Well, I have to say pretty well so far. The statistics concerning the increase in Macao visitation from Mainland China is up 19.8% in the first quarter 2006, compared to first quarter 2005. The rapid growth of the mass gaming market of Macao up over 40% this quarter compared to the quarter one year ago. The continuing support of policy directive of the Central Government, with respect to the special administrative regions of Macao and Hong Kong, all continue to support and validate that original strategy.  In addition, the expansion of the individual business scheme, the IBS scheme, with 19 more cities being added just this week, the increases in the amount of Chinese currency that may be converted to our currency by Chinese visitors, and the continuance of retail goods taxing policies favoring Hong Kong and Macao’s retail and tourism sectors, all bode well for the future growth of Macao market and the strategy we put in place to capitalize on that growth.  We believe these continuing positive trends validate our original strategy to maximize emerging opportunity. The multiple expansion of the Sands, the creation of the Venetian Macao, the development of the Cotai Strip with its convention, mall, hotel and entertainment attractions, and the pursuit of Hengqin Island, a 1600 acre summer land style vacation home development in Mainland China next to the Cotai Strip, are all pieces of that broader strategy.  Returning to the quarter results at the Sands Macao in the VIP market side, rolling chip volume came in at $3.7 billion in quarter 1, compared to $885 million in the first quarter of 2005. We are pleased to report that we remain capacity constrained as we ramp up on the VIP side of the business, particularly during peak playing times, and look forward to the opening of our Paiza Club expansion alter this month. That expansion will add 16 VIP tables, an incremental capacity increase of 30% to the Paiza Club, to accommodate the needs of additional junket reps and sales agents that will contribute to our high-end sales network. That will add strength to our Paiza marketing activities in Asia to directly support Macao and indirectly support Las Vegas.  Another trend that we recognized early continues to evolve. Increasingly affluent mainlanders earning hard currency due to their exporting activities, and additional favorable policy directives from the Chinese Government. For example, as of May 1st, mainland Chinese may now convert 160,000 RNB, the equivalent of $20,000 U.S. annually to hard currency to be used for investment outside of Mainland China. This is an indication of a future direction toward a more freely tradable currency, which portends great growth for Macao, particularly for the VIP room revenues.  Our strategy for growth and expansion in the burgeoning Asia market remains clear. At the Sands Macao, as I mentioned a moment ago, we will open our Paiza Club VIP market expansion later this month, the balance of our podium expansion, which will add over 250 mass tables, and nearly 300 slot machines to our current capacity, remains on track for an August opening.  Upon completion of the program, we expect to have a total capacity of between 700 and 750 tables, and 1200 slot machines, over three times the initial capacity of the Wynn Resort opening in September -- capacity to meet the increasing importance of the mass market we identified and targeted as early as 2001.  Construction of the Venetian Macao which will anchor the Cotai Strip remains on schedule for summer 2007 opening. We have now reached floor 35 of 39 total floors, and will be topping the building off by the end of this quarter.  On the remainder of the Cotai Strip, we will continue to make significant progress in all aspects of development. As we’ve related before, we have entered into non-binding letters of intent with Four Seasons, Hilton, Conrad, and Starwood Sheraton, St. Regis brands. We expect to sign definitive agreements this summer. We have already signed definitive agreements with Shangri La, covering the Shangri La and Traders brand. Agreements with additional operators for the remaining sites on the Cotai Strip are under negotiation.  On the retail side, we continue to make incremental progress in leasing malls on the Cotai Strip. At our last update one month ago, we announced that we had reached commercial terms with more than 115 premium retailers on almost 400,000 square feet of retail space. Today, 30 days later, we have continued to make steady progress and I am pleased to report we have reached commercial terms with additional parties, and now have come to terms with more than 135 retailers, who will rent over 500,000 square feet of retail space, with base rents averaging well in excess of $130 a square foot, and percentage rents ranging from 10% to 18%.  That represents over 40% of the approximately 1.2 million square feet available space in the Grand Canal spots and the adjoining mall at the Four Seasons in Macao. We are negotiating the definitive leasing documents with these retailers at this time. We are also pleased with the enthusiasm of our retail customers on the Cotai Strip, a number of whom have expressed an interest in leasing additional space from us in the malls we plan to construct in conjunction with the remainder of the strip itself. This additional Cotai development will add another 2 million square feet of retail space.  As we have related in earlier discussions of our mall leasing activities in Macao, we believe that the steadily increasing sales per square foot results reported by retailers in Hong Kong, fueled largely by mainland Chinese shoppers drawn by the approximate 30% tax advantage of purchasing luxury goods in China’s special administrative regions of Hong Kong and Macao, continue to validate our strategy of developing valuable, non-core assets to both attract patrons to our properties and maximize returns on investment.  Turning now to the development of our Macao convention business, we will report formally next week that we have secured binding commitments from a number of trade show organizers, including Reed Elsevier, for a multi-year agreement on multiple shows with the world’s largest trade show organizer, and the AAPEX, the Asian Automotive After-market Products Expo. The Asian version of a large, important trade show that we hosted here in Las Vegas for 14 years, as well as a number of other shows.  In addition, we received dozens of additional expressions of interest from other trade shows to be produced at our Venetian Macao convention and meeting facility.  Turning to our entertainment offerings on the Cotai Strip, we announced earlier this week that we have reached an agreement with Cirque Du Soleil, for a permanent home here, their first in Asia in our Cirque Du Soleil theatre at the Venetian Macao on the Cotai Strip. My French is a little wanting here.  An additional benefit of the extension of our strategy to develop integrative retail convention, tradeshow, and entertainment offerings for our Venetian Macao in the Cotai Strip is the growing realization that both in Macao and Mainland China, that our activities demonstrate our confidence in and commitment to making Macao a world-class, multi-faceted destination, which is not solely dependent on gaming, just as Las Vegas Strip has become. This advantages us politically both in Macao and Mainland China. To that end, we are looking just a few hundred yards away from our Cotai Strip towers at 1600 acres of land on Hengqin Island in the People’s Republic of China, which would provide us with a tremendous opportunity to leverage our presence in Macao and realize both the derivative real estate value of the Cotai Strip and the ability to fuel the strip occupying second homes only several hundred yards away. Think of it as a housing expansion of the Cotai Strip, a Cotai West, if you will.  We are making great progress with our master planning work. We continue to discuss the approval process with the Government of the PRC. We remain enthused about the level of interest we are finding in terms of branded amenities, partnership interests, and government support. The Hengqin Island development continues to be subject to receipt of the necessary government approvals, but we are working diligently toward that end.  As most of you know, we are in the process of closing a $2.5 billion senior secured credit facility to fund our near-term growth plans at Macao. That includes the Sands podium expansion, the Venetian Macao, and the Four Seasons, as well as funds to start construction on two additional complexes for site 5 and 6, and pre-development activities on sites 3, 7, and 8. We expect that facility to close shortly.  In terms of other development activities worldwide, we are continuing to pursue many promising opportunities. In Singapore, we have filed our proposal for a spectacular project in the Marina Bay site, to be called the Marina Bay Sands. The Marina Bay Sands proposal includes plans for an integrated resort with 2500 hotel rooms, 1.2 million square feet of flexible meeting incentive, convention and exhibition space for the so-called mass market business. Our additional 1 million square feet of retail space, three large entertainment venues, and 160,000 square feet of gaming space, which will include our high-end Paiza Club brand.  As is the case with an emerging China driving an expanding North Asian economy, the growing Chinese economic engine, along with that of India, will bode well for the economies of South Asia, particularly Singapore. We believe that we are the beginning of the Asian [inaudible] and look to use our huge footprint in Macao in North Asia, with millions of square feet of meeting and convention facilities, thousands of mass and VIP gaming tables, thousands of sleeping rooms, and millions of square feet of retail space to build relationship with Asian meeting organizers, junket high roller sales agent, tour group organizations from China, Japan, Korea and elsewhere, and with international retail brands.  We will use these relationships in Singapore, Las Vegas, and elsewhere to bring real value to the jurisdictions that we operate in, to expand our integrated convention resort business model, as other nations seek to adopt casino-based developments to augment their tourism economies.  Specific to the Singapore bid, we believe our large footprint in North Asia differentiates us from our competitors there, and singles us out as the only bidder who can underpin claims for the maximum success of a Singapore integrated resort, with both real-world results on the ground and unrivalled breadth of relationships with partners and customers in North Asia.  By way of illustration, according to the World Travel Organization forecast, North Asia will be the source of almost 300 million exit travelers annually by the year 2020, tripling from today’s count, with China alone expected to grow from about 30 million in 2005 to over 100 million visitors out of North Asia in just that 15-year period.  When we look at additional ways to take advantage of the valuable footprint we are developing in North Asia, we do not limit ourselves to Singapore. There are many intriguing opportunities around the globe, particularly in Europe, that we are constantly evaluating based on their potential opportunity. You might expect to hear from us about that in the very near future.  On the domestic front, we have filed our application with the State of Pennsylvania for our proposed development of the abandoned and subsequently acquired by us, Bethlehem Steelworks in downtown Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, the closest casino to New York City, less than an hour’s drive away from the affluent northern New Jersey suburbs of New York. We expect to hear by the end of the year whether we will be granted that license or not.  I know this all sounds like a mouthful, but we remain focused on executing our step-by-step plan. At the same time, we continue to develop a pipeline of extraordinary opportunity to propel our growth strategy forward.  As I mentioned earlier, we have added two senior executives to our team. Mark Brown, formerly the COO, President and CEO of the Trump Organization, has joined our Macao operating management team, and Michael Schindler, former Senior Vice President of Development for the Hyatt organization, has joined our development team. We are finding the attraction of our growth platform to be compelling factor in recruiting highly talented executives interested in professional growth and a share of the future value to be built by the execution of our plan.  It is gratifying to see our strategic vision being realized, and it is clearly an exciting and energizing time, both for our company and for its management team. With that, I will now turn the program over to the Operator to begin the Q&A session. 
Operator: Thank you.  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of David Anders with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed. 
 David Anders - Merrill Lynch : Thank you. Maybe you could give us a little more on the timeline and what is required for Hengqin Island as far as -- I know there were certain levels of government you had to go through. Could you bring us up to speed on where we are and what is left and if there is anything we should be monitoring to kind of keep track of the progress?
William Weidner: As in any development involving applications to the Central Government of Mainland China, it is always extraordinarily difficult to figure out a timeline. All we can say is that our local authorities that we interface with at three different levels, at the Zhuhai City planning level, at the provincial level in Guangdong Province, and at the regional level, and the nine plus two all are telling us how to step forward and the time frames that we need to make our submissions within. They have indicated to us that of course the next steps are to Beijing. They package up all the information we provided to them, their endorsement, and we have received endorsements from each of those three levels. We now make the submission to Beijing. I think I mentioned last time we were going to be making that submission right around now, and we have already made that communication. Now really it is up to the central government to determine whether our project fits with their overall strategic plans and the strategic plans for the Pearl River delta region.  We believe we have touched all the bases. We think this is a picture postcard example of the kind of development that they want for the expansion of the tourism business there. We are confident from that regard, but no one can be 100% confident in Central Government’s decision. I look at it from the standpoint of its ultimate decision, or the time that it takes to make that decision, so all we can do is provide you the best information that we have and keep our fingers crossed, quite frankly.  I am not sure there is anything that would publicly help validate because these things tend to be done quietly, because of Asian face issues and the government itself wanted to make sure that it goes through it goes through its process. All we can do is try to provide you the best information we can from our perspective as we move along. 
 David Anders - Merrill Lynch : Just as a follow-up, Scott, maybe you could comment on this. Development expense, how should we think about that going forward? It is a lumpy line item. 
 Scott Henry : Development expense in terms of the rollout and how it is spent, David?
 David Anders - Merrill Lynch : It is just absolute dollars, because the $9 million was a fairly large number, and I am wondering, is it going to stay at that rate for the next several quarters, or drop back to that $5 million rate?
 Scott Henry : Singapore represented a little more than 100% of the increase over last year in this quarter. You are right. It is going to be lumpy, David, and because we are chasing after things, that seems to make a lot of sense to us. Different things heat up at different times. I think the number is a big larger than you could probably expect it to be on a recurring basis every quarter, but again, it is going to be lumpy. 
 David Anders - Merrill Lynch : Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lawrence Klatzkin with Jefferies. Please proceed. 
 Lawrence Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company : Thank you. A couple of questions here. I’m looking, in a sense, to compare your option expense, it seems on the low side. I know you are ramping up and you are getting a lot of new, good people. Can we expect that as people get compensated, that the option expense should go up?
Unknown Speaker: Our option expense is lower than others in our sites, and as we add people, the mix of senior executives, when you expect to see the options expense going up. That is the question. 
Unknown Speaker 2: Well, if the new employees are so happy to be with us, they are willing to take pure… -- Laughter By the way, Larry, how come you were not first on the Q&A?
 Lawrence Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company : David needs his time. 
William Weidner: Larry, I think it is safe to say you would see increasing options expense as we attract more people to the organization to be able to actually exercise this. I am not sure what the average is among our peers. I know it is much larger than what our option expense is now because we are a newer company, but I think you would expect to see a gross grow in option expense, but I do not think you would see it approach that of our close competitors. 
 Lawrence Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company : As far as timing of CapEx over the next year, and by quarter, if you could give us an indication of how it is bouncing up and down?
 Scott Henry : You always ask that question, Larry. I enjoy it because I always answer it the same way.  The balance of the year, we are not going to break it out by quarter, but for the balance of the year, we forecast capital expenditures of $1.8 billion to $2 billion. $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion of that amount we expect to spend in Macao on a combination of the Venetian, the Sands podium expansion, and some additional development work on sites 5 and 6, and site 2, predominantly. As well as a fair amount of site work, design work and other pre-construction on sites 7 and 8.  The balance we expect to spend in Las Vegas, the lion’s share of that on the Pallazo. 
 Lawrence Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company : Seasonality, do we see seasonality on any particular quarter at Macao? What should we be expecting, as you guys have been in there for a little while. 
William Weidner: I think Brad has a good handle on that. 
 Brad Stone : I think we are staring to get a sense of it. It is a little challenging as always, because the rules are always changing about how many people are let in, as Bill said. Just this week, more people were allowed on the IBS, but certainly as we mentioned in conference calls, the first quarter is probably going to be our weakest quarter overall. Believe it or not, that is because predominantly Chinese New Year. Chinese New Year over there, while it is successful in Las Vegas, part of the reason it is successful in Las Vegas is why it is not as successful in Macao.  A lot of the higher-end, wealthier people travel during that time period, and a lot of the gamblers quite frankly enjoy the time to come to Las Vegas. On the math side, Chinese New Year is kind of an interesting holiday where it runs for about 10 days, but the first five days are family days, and frankly, the five days leading up to the initial start of Chinese New Year, are probably the five weakest days of our year, given the fact it also has less days in the quarter.  I think we will continue to see the third quarter be a strong quarter. It’s a similar vacation period in China. The mass business is very strong. I think we will have a little bit of disproportionate amount of mass versus high-end during that time period. Obviously that is higher margin business for us, so that should be both a good volume quarter as well as a good margin quarter.  And then the two periods which I think will be very similar are the second quarter and fourth quarter, with good, solid business. not as strong mass business as during the third, but perhaps better quality, high-end business during the shorter periods between the first and the third, and between the third and the first quarter. 
 Lawrence Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company : Okay. You said more money is being allowed to come out of China for individuals. Could you give us exactly what we are talking about here?
William Weidner: What I mentioned when I talked about that, that is a brand new policy that was just adopted last week, or announced last week. The illustration I was making there is that Central Government has said it’s okay for Chinese to cash their soft currency for hard currency to make investments directly outside of China. All it is is another policy direction.  I think the key thing I was trying to point out is the Central Government of China is a little like an oil tanker. You can’t turn it on a dime. When you see incremental decisions being made out of central government, and they support an overall direction, I think you can be confident that oil tanker will continue in its direction. It can’t and won’t turn on a dime.  So while over the last couple of years we’ve seen direct benefit of Chinese being allowed to bring more and more soft currency turn it to hard currency and come gamble with it, another announcement by Central Government of another way of converting soft currency to hard currency, even though they talked about investment, it is jut another data point to follow. I think it is pretty clear that eventually, over some time on the horizon, the Central Government will in fact go to an open currency policy. If they go to an open currency policy, that is a huge development for us, particularly as it relates to the VIP business.  Right now, we deal with a lot of middle-men between the owner of currency and the gambler at the table. If the currency is opened altogether, then that changes the game altogether. So it is a big, big, development for us. We see that over some time on the horizon over the ensuring years as being another huge jump in the ability of that market to generate more income.  I only used it as an example of a data point. Currently though, the individual visitor coming, I think the daily amount that they can actually convert I think is in the area of $6,000 U.S., and that is on a 24-hour basis. They can wait 24 hours, hit the ATM machine, and draw down another $6,000. 
 Brad Stone : That is up $2500 from when we opened the Sands, so it has more than doubled. 
William Weidner: So that directly goes to the mass market, and we think that policy will continue on the high end, as more and more people are allowed to bring large amounts of money out, that helps the VIP market. So I was only pointing that out by way of illustration. 
 Lawrence Klatzkin - Jefferies & Company : Okay, Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Lerner with Prudential. Please proceed. 
 Bill Lerner - Prudential : Thank you. My sense is the strength of the IBS scheme probably becomes even more obvious as infrastructure moves along. Can you give us a sense of this in general? Maybe it provides an additional level of comfort as competitive supply comes online in the near term. So for example, what is the update on the capacity increasing the load and so forth, and then I just have a quick follow-up. 
William Weidner: I do not think it as much driven by capacity as it is driven by product. I mean, the Mainland Chinese put up with a lot to move from one place to another. I mean, it’s 300 million people move from one city in China to another city in China during their holiday breaks, they are putting up a lot of lines, a lot of difficult ways of getting from one place to another.  The more compelling the product, not that infrastructure isn’t a part of the equation, the more compelling the product in Macao, the more penetration there will be in the IBS scheme.  I think the last statistic we looked at was only about 1.5% or 2% of the total people who are allowed to come to Macao under the IBS scheme have actually done it. What it means is that the more compelling the product is as a destination in Macao, a higher penetration will be made.  I think in the U.S., it was about 11% or something?
Unknown Speaker: Right. Las Vegas was about 14% of the U.S. population, Atlantic City is like 70% of its market. 
William Weidner: So we would expect to have a very high penetration in the Guangdong market in terms of multiple visits. It should be more like Atlantic City, and as Macao becomes a legitimate multi-purpose, multi-faceted destination market place, I think we go from 1% or 2% to something close to what Las Vegas is, so that is the huge value or the upside of that IBS scheme. 
 Bill Lerner - Prudential : That’s helpful, Bill. Just as a follow-up, if you do get Marina Bay, would it be your strategy to sell that million square feet of retail space like you have, obviously, in three cases in Vegas and like you are in Cotai, or is it something that would preclude you from doing that in that market?
William Weidner: Well, the answer is there is something that precludes us from doing it. We would love to be able to do it, but we can’t. There is a ten-year moratorium on selling the mall space. But we think it is a terrific asset. We think that asset then helps drive our yields out of Singapore. We think it is part of the overall program. 
 Brad Stone : We are looking for ways to achieve this, but right now the government says we cannot do it, so we can’t do it. 
 Bill Lerner - Prudential : Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Celeste Brown with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed. 
 Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley : Just in terms of the convention business that you mentioned, how does that relate to the announcement you made I think at some point last year, also relating to conventions. I think it was maybe relationships at that point, and this is direct trade shows themselves. 
William Weidner: Well, we talked in terms of the letters of interest or commitment or whatever you call it from the individuals. As I said, next week it looks like we will have a more definitive update, and so what we are doing is we are turning those letters of interest now into definitive agreements, as I mentioned. I know I only mentioned two of the shows that we will be talking about next week in a more formal press release, but we also added more expressions of interest, so the pipeline in converting 20 to a number to shows will then be refilled by letters of intent that then get turned into actual contracts. So it will probably be better next week when we actually announce those commitments and signed agreements that are either in the mail or on the desk of certain people to get a better sense of it. I just wanted to provide a glimpse of where we are in the convention process there, and give the markets a sense that we do have momentum on that side. 
 Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley : Great. In terms of the high-end business, you are new to the business, I guess, in the market. Do you anticipate moving some of your business to the Venetian when it opens, or do you think the high-end business at the Venetian will be incremental to what you are getting at the Sands Macao today?
 Brad Stone : I think it is going to be, certainly the people that are enjoying the Sands Macao are going to want to see and be involved and we’ll have a lot of cross-marketing between the two properties, but I think the Venetian is such a huge asset in terms of its infrastructure. We have an excellent infrastructure on a limited basis in our current facility at the Sands. We will multiply that by 10 in terms of what we will be able to deliver through the Venetian product, both in terms of spas, and suites, products, restaurant options, entertainment options, as well as a very significant Paiza Club with the same type of services and in some cases, because of the fact we have physical room, even superior services. So I think the answer is we are going to generate and see a lot of new market that as product in Macao becomes better, more room product is available for people to stay overnight, I think that was mentioned yesterday on the Wynn call. We believe similarly that as product gets better, we are going to expand and be a more acceptable gaming product to not only the mass market but the very high-end market as well, and the Venetian will definitely deliver on that. 
William Weidner: From a strategic perspective, what we did is if you think of The Sands on peninsular Macao, and most of you have been there and seen where it is positioned. It is positioned next to the ferry terminal, next to where the helicopters land from Hong Kong. As we look at this thing strategically and said there will always be a day trip market to Macao, so I’m not sure they’re going to go away.  So The Sands is aimed at that day trip market, both on the high-end, for a convenience situation with the helicopters, and on the mass end in terms of people going down Avenue [Amazad] as they progress on their visit from Hong Kong. So strategically, The Sands was always positioned against that convenience-buy on the high-end. The strategy on the Venetian Macao was the multi-day stay. So there will be a little bit of difference, because longer-term stay people also come to a little bit of overlap, I guess you would say, also come right now to The Sands Macao, but we see them as being a very safe marketplace. We think the Venetian is largely incremental.
Sheldon G. Adelson: Celeste, you said at the beginning that we had moved to the high end market, I would just like to correct that. We have not moved to the high end of the market. The only hesitancy we had going into that market was the limit of the bet when we first opened in 1999 here at the Venetian. But before the end of the first year, we were up to par in terms of the maximum allowable bet with our competition. In Macao, we certainly are very aggressive on the high-end market. 
William Weidner: Our hesitation at Macao was simply to make sure we wouldn't lose our license in Las Vegas. The initial months we were trying to put the procedures in place, money laundering, other kinds of things to make sure that we were fully prepared to move into the more sophisticated, I guess you would say, high-end market there in Macau.
 Celeste Brown - Morgan Stanley : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley, UBS.
Robin Farley - UBS: Can you talk about the timing for pre-selling your new residential space in Macao?
Sheldon G. Adelson: We are in the process of improving the sales organization, sales and marketing organization at this time. We intend to build our preview apartments in both Macao and in Hong Kong. We are on the move. We are starting that process now, but the first thing we had to focus on was the retail in terms of real estate marketing efforts. Because the lead time to get those sold and designed and up was much longer than ordinary apartments. We prefer to call them vacation suites. So the vacation suites have been designed and that’s it. I mean, we don't have to wait until they get every interior design and built before we can sell them, like the retail side. We will be very aggressive on that. Our first project is 600,000. We said 600 apartments, about 900,000 to 1 million square feet in the standalone building on the Four Seasons property that we call The Residences at Four Seasons. It is larger than the average size, so instead of 600 I think they will be more like 400, of a larger average size, but we hope and expect to get the number that we are looking for. 
William Weidner: I think the important thing to point out is the strategy for the vacation suites is similar to the strategy for our mall. By developing a non-core asset and then monetizing that asset, and then reutilizing that asset as an attractor for incremental business. So if we are successful in selling vacation suites to wealthy Chinese, they either put it in a pool or they come visit it themselves, and not only do we create real estate value but we create additional reasons for wealthy Chinese to come and visit.  So it is much like the mall. Once the mall was developed, and whether it is monetized or not, it continues to be an attractor of mass market because it is a good place to come, just like here in Las Vegas. It is a similar strategy there, exercised both in the mall market as well as in what we call these apartments. We don't want them to be perceived as places where people live, because they are not intended as places for people to live. They are places for people to come and visit the Cotai Strip for longer periods of stay than simply a single room. Nevertheless, they are aimed at a market that would turn over. In other words, come and visit periodically and spend a week or more.
Sheldon G. Adelson: We are intending to open the Four Seasons in December of '07, and the apartments will be occupied at least we are targeting now at April '08. But if we do the kind of job we think we can do, the apartments will be sold long before we open.
Robin Farley - UBS: Will you start selling before the end of this year?
Sheldon G. Adelson: Yes, I believe we will.
Robin Farley - UBS: Great, and then two Las Vegas questions. One is, I think this is the first quarter you didn't break out the convention center cash flows separately. What is that number?
William Weidner: That is because it is now an integral part of our business, and so just like if you look at Mandalay Bay, that would be; well, should Mandalay Bay break out its meeting facilities? We thought it was more reflective of what the market does.
Sheldon G. Adelson: It is a marketing tool for the property, and there is no reason why they should be broken out. We continue to do what we have been experiencing since we opened here, so in the last couple of quarters we have broke it out separately, but there is no necessity and there is no market necessity and there is no marketing or operational reason why we should continue that.
Robin Farley - UBS: Last question is, in your introductory comments you made a reference to Venetian room remodel. Can you just give a little color on the timing of that and how many rooms out of service, over what period of time?
Rob Goldstein: Robin, we are working through that right now. The timing of it would probably be towards the very end of this year, simply as we go through the planning process, the selection process. We will be building a number of model rooms and selecting furniture, so that timing of selection and then the actual ordering and fabrication probably means the project will start towards the latter part of this year. Our goal is to have a reasonable amount of the Venetian remodeled. Again, this is the Venetian Tower, so it is 3,000 rooms, not the full 4,000 rooms. Again, our goal would be to have a significant amount of that opened by the time we open the Plaza in late third quarter. The timing is such, we are working through it, as obviously the design is going to drive the amount of time these rooms are out of order, but we are being very sensitive to really limiting -- while the room will be totally redone, we won't be touching things like marble and electrical and plumbing and sinks. So most of the work is what I will call more cosmetic -- new carpet, new colorations, all new furnishings. The disruption is not what I would call an architectural disruption, it is more of an FF&E disruption. We are probably trying to find times when we can take large chunks of rooms out. For example, in December, trying to get a reasonable amount done during the week before Christmas and all. While it will have some financial impact, I don't think it is on par of perhaps some other renovations you have seen in town where the rooms have been dramatically changed. We will give you some more update probably by the next quarter when we've got a firmer grasp on the program of that.
Sheldon G. Adelson: As to what we think is probably an unprecedented record-setting occupancy of the first quarter at 99.9%, it should be obvious that -- Bill mistakenly said we had 19%. Bill and I just went to Singapore and back in about 66 hours, so he suffers from jetlag. I don't.
Robin Farley - UBS: All right, thank you.
Sheldon G. Adelson : He is suffering for me.
William Weidner: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Jay Cogan, with Banc of America Securities. Please proceed.
Jay Cogan - Banc of America Securities: Thank you. Good afternoon. A few quickies on Macao and then one on Vegas. I understand the seasonality issue with respect to 1Q versus 4Q as you've explained. I was just wondering, when you open the Paiza expansion here in the second quarter, do you expect your VIP volumes to rise as much as 30%? Are you that capacity-constrained on a run-rate basis? I was also wondering if you could tell me if you thought the VIP market broadly in Macao, if the volumes were up? I see the revenues, I was just curious if the volumes were up.
William Weidner: I don't think I fully understand the question, but I don't think we would necessarily provide that kind of lead information. I would point out that what we did say was that it is particularly useful during those periods when we are at peak demand. I don't know that you straightline an increase in capacity to an increase in volume. We certainly expect it to add to our volume.
Jay Cogan - Banc of America Securities: That's fair. I was just trying to get a sense as to how much it might, if you were that capacity-constrained that you would suddenly be at the point of 30%, as we are looking at our models over the next few quarters.
William Weidner: It is not even that. Even if we had no capacity increase, it is not as though we wouldn't increase volume anyway, just that it is increasing rapidly as we get better at it. As we broaden our network and as we separate wheat from chaff, and as we tell certain junket operators, sayonara because you are not bringing high enough quality customers. So there is going to be a constant weeding process and a constant upgrade process. Capacity is really only one piece of that.
Jay Cogan - Banc of America Securities: Sure. With regard to the margin, sequentially, the revenues were up about $10 million, EBITDA was up 1 -- are you doing some things from a marketing standpoint right now? Are you doing anything from a cost standpoint that would have had that slight impact in the quarter? I am just curious if you are getting ready for more competition, if you are starting to expand the marketing to a broader base of customers, as you talked about doing before? Can you give us any sense of that, or is it just the way the numbers go?
Scott Henry: Just so we know, are you talking about Macao?
Jay Cogan - Banc of America Securities: Yes.
Sheldon G. Adelson: We are up over 50% from last year. I don't understand. It is in a seasonally weak quarter.
Scott Henry: Let me address the question. We had a margin of 37% in the fourth quarter, 36.1% in the first quarter, I believe that's the number. I think what it is reflecting is continued growth in the mix of the business on the VIP side. There is nothing that has changed dramatically. Obviously we are staffing up and we had some inefficiencies as we opened the new 28 games up on the table, and that is going to occur from time to time as we bring staff on and train them. It hits our operating statement before we are able to generate revenues.  So I don't think the nine-tenths of 1% change in margin could be a timing of a booking issue, or anything like that. I don't think it is material or any way reflective of any necessary trend or pattern.
Jay Cogan - Banc of America Securities: That's fair. Last question on Macao, in regard to conventions, maybe you will give us an update when you give the more formal update coming up. I was just wondering, if it is available to talk about, can you give us a sense as to where you'll be from an occupancy standpoint with conventions for '07, '08, et cetera? What should we expect that ramp to be for the Venetian and your convention facilities?
Sheldon G. Adelson: It is too premature to tell you at this time.
Jay Cogan - Banc of America Securities: Thank you.
William Weidner: I think it is safe to say in the initial time, we open in the summer. We have September, October, November, December -- those are going to be experimental times. We are hopeful that we shovel all of those holes in, but it is going to be one of those start-up periods. We do have shows already laid into some of those dates, but I think it will be a little lumpy at the beginning. As we progress further, I think it will ramp up pretty quickly.
Jay Cogan - Banc of America Securities: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: At this time, there are no questions in the queue. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. William Weidner for closing remarks.
William Weidner: Thank you for your time and attention today, and we appreciate your joining us for our conference call. We look forward to further updates in subsequent quarters. Once again, we thank you for your time and attention. As I mentioned, we are all energized and ready, and we are happy to share our thoughts, our projections -- well, not necessarily numerical projections, but activity projections with you for the future. Thanks again, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the conference. You may now disconnect. Thank you and have a good day.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-02-18 09:45:00) =====
Executives: William P. Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer   Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman   Bradley H. Stone, Executive. Vice President   Scott Henry, Chief Financials Officer   Robert G. Goldstein, Senior Vice President
Analysts: Larry Glaskin, Jeffries and Company   Jay Cogan, Banc of America Securities.   David Andrew, Merrill Lynch.   Steven Kent, Goldman Sachs.   Celeste Brown, Morgan Stanley   Kenneth Parker, Private Investor   Dennis Forst, Keybanc Capital Markets.   Felicia Hendricks, Lehman Brothers
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen thank you for your patience and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full year 2005 Las Vegas Sands Corp. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Fab, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question and answer session towards the end of this conference. If at anytime during the call if you require assistance please key the “*” followed by “0” and the coordinator will be happy to assist you. As reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Will Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer. Sir you may proceed.
William P. Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you Fab and good afternoon everyone and thanks for joining us today. With me today our Sheldon G. Adelson, Chairman, Las Vegas Sands Corp, Bradley Stone, our Executive. Vice President, Scott Henry, Chief Financials Officer and Rob Goldstein the president of "The Venetian" here in Las Vegas. Before we begin, I need to remind you that today’s conference call contains forward-looking statements that we are making under the safe harbor provisions of the Federal Security Laws. I would also like to caution you that the Company’s actual results could differ materially from that of the anticipated results in these forward-looking statements, please see today’s press release under the caption "Forward-Looking Statements" for the discussion of risks that may affect our results. In addition we may discuss adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDAR, which are non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of those measures for the most comparable GAAP financial measure is included in the press release and as I mentioned please note that, this conference is being recorded. You already now that 2005, is been a very important and highly successful year for the Company. Our financial performance reached record levels and our opportunities for growth have never been more compelling. There are number of accomplishments that we are very proud of from both an operational and financial perspectives and I will provide you some of those highlights today. Full year adjusted EBITDAR came in a $665 million, that is 40% increase over 2004 and marks a record for the Company. We have record years and both of our properties generating adjusted EBITDAR of $306 million at The Venetian in Las Vegas and adjusted EBITDAR of $342 million at the Sands Macao. We completed a series of targeted capital improvements that are operations in Las Vegas and Macao, which had not only enhanced our competitiveness but also improved the bottom line. We made important advancement in our strategic plans to develop a Cotai Strip in Macao, which I will talk about later in little greater detail. We have also taken a leadership role of master planning and developing a leisure and convention destination on Hengqin Island in the Peoples Republic of China. Less than a mile from and connected via a bridge to our Cotai Strip. This represents a key part of our strategy to capture a maximum value from the derivative demand that will inevitably be created by the development of the Cotail Strip. In addition we have taken steps to enhance our financial positions ensuring both capital and flexibility to fund our growth initiatives and pursue new opportunities going forward. We wrapped the year with the record fourth quarter, reflecting strong growth across the board of both our Las Vegas and Macao properties. At the Venetian, we delivered a record fourth quarter EBITDAR of $84 million that is up 55% from the prior year, reflecting our combination of strong hotel and gaming metrics as well as higher food and beverage revenues. Table games volumes was up 17.6%, while hold came in above the norm 26.4%. On hotel side the recent expansion of our leading facilities already proving us with greater capacity to book group business, particularly traditionally slower period. Increased in booking flexibility also. This helped us to deliver one of the best fourth quarter in the history of the property on the hotel and food and beverage side of the business and positioned us well for the seasonally strong first quarter. During the fourth quarter REVPAR was up 3.4% driven primarily by an increase of 3.3% on occupancy to 96.5%. These gains as well as a 45% increase in food and beverage revenues, are direct results our emphasis on the group business during the quarter. In fact the catering revenues are added to room revenues and divided by available rooms, the rooms in catering REVPAR grew from $237 in the fourth quarter of 2004 to $269 in the fourth quarter of ’05, an increase of over 13%. When looking forward 12 months bookings in 2005, are 45% ahead of 2004 space. Other targeted capital improvements at the Venetian are also bearing fruit. The opening of our Paiza Club and renovation of our high-end suites have played a critical role our ability to attract the more premium customers and grow our high-end business in Las Vegas. This is reflected in our table game drop, which was done significantly every quarter reducing the full year increase of 15.8% versus 2004. Given the success for our Paiza Club we recently expanded its' private gaming capacity from 3 to 6 tables and we are in the process of renovating our presidential suites, establishing our 34, 35 and 36 floors as identifiable VIP On Play. As we noted in the past an important component of high-end strategy is our cross marketing efforts with the Sands Macao and it's Paiza Club particularly as we established relationships with an increasing number of VIP players in that region. In the fourth quarter for example Baccarat drop increased 43% year-over-year. Turning to the recent addition of our entertainment offering, we are very pleased with our response to Tao and Blue Man Group which both opened last fall. As expected Tao was generating significant traffic and brings tremendous cash aid to the property. The Blue Man Group production is ramping well, generating incremental traffic and is also added an important dimension in terms of overall ambience and appeal especially in the evenings with the property. As we look out 2006 and 2007, there is a visible pipeline of new initiatives designed to further strengthen the Venetian both in terms of its appeal and the ability generate incremental cash flow. The new Phantom theatre, the house Phantom of the Opera is on track for June opening. Construction is under way for third theatre, an 800 seat showroom which is expected open in late this summer. Mario Batali the award winning New York chef will be opening two restaurants at The Venetian, both are to emulate Mr. Batali number one rated New York restaurants fab and is slated to open later this year. The Venetian will offer it's 39 table state of the art, poker room this spring, and we are finalizing a broadcast and ongoing presence of the world best poker players in the form of the professional pokerie. Phase II of our pool deck renovation is also underway, it is slated for completion by this by this spring renovation includes the resurfacing and articulation of the balance of the pool area, the addition of more luxury cabañas and a new Tao beach area and elegant European star private pool area which would accessible directly from Tao. In terms of room products we are in the initial planning phase for renovations of the Venetian Tower, which will likely commence in the second half of the 2006. We are in the process of forming our plan which will update, improve and contemporize our Venetian rooms and ensure minimum disruption to our business. Construction of the Palazzo which will add another 3025 all suite rooms 150,000 sq. ft of gaming space, 400,000 sq. ft of retail space all interconnected to the Venetian remains on schedule for third quarter 2007 opening. And finally we filed for permits to expand our convention facilities, assuming the time the approval process completion is expected in early 2008 and will add approximately 1.1 million additional sq.ft to our current capacity. Shifting now to our performance and activities in Asia our Sands Macao property turned in another spectacular quarter generating the adjusted EBITDAR of $103 million. This record performance reflects continued strengthen of mass play and evidences continuing ramp up of the VIP play. Ramp up in rolling chip volume which measure VIP plays as been dramatics since we formerly launched our VIP play in March of 2005. Rolling volume came in a $1.99 billion in the second quarter increasing to $3.19 billion in the third quarter and increasing again in the fourth quarter, to almost 4 billion, actually 3.93 billion of rolling chip players for a quarter. We continue to grow our business on the mass side with table drop reaching a 11.3 million per day, that is up a 11.1 million per day in the third quarter 10.1 million per day in the second quarter and 9.5 million per day in the first quarter, reflecting expanded capacity and introduction of promotional programs aimed at this segment. Slot volume in the fourth quarter grew an impresses 73% to 224 million which continues to support our belief in the potential of the Slot market in the Macao. Very important for us as we expand the 1000s of slot machines as we open our Venetian in Macao. And vision to our renovation, product improvement and Palazzo expansion constructions in Las Vegas, we have an exciting road map for growth and expansion in Asia as well. At Sands Macao, phase I of our podium expansion opened in late January and plan for new year or Chinese new year. The new 10000 sq. ft level of fortune gaming area includes in addition of 28 tables and 67 slots. This May we will add 16 VIP tables, increasing Paiza Club capacity by 30% and upon completion of the balance of our program in August we expect to add an additional 200 slot machines, 200 table games to take the total table capacity to 630 table and slot machines to 1100. At the same time we also add more Asian fast food to service the mass customers as we increase capacity. Construction of the Venetian in Macao which will anchor the Cotai Strip remains on schedule for summer 2007 opening, to that end we will continue to make significant progress at all aspects of the development of the Cotai. Most recently we entered into the non-binding "letter of Intent" with Four Seasons and Parcel 2 and expect to have to signed definitive agreement shortly. Agreements with the other brands or either a "letter of Intent" documentation are in the final negotiations pages. We continue to make progress on a lease malls on the Cotai Strip. In our last update on November 9, 2005 on our Investor Day, we revealed that we had signed offers representing about 10% of our Grand Canal Shops in Macao. As of today we have commitments from 85 stores representing over 30% of the space on our Grand Canal level in the mall at lease rates exceeding our expectations. We will be providing a full update on mall leasing activities in the next few weeks. Looking just one mile away the development of Hengqin Island provides us with the tremendous opportunity to leverage our presence in Macao and realize the derivative real estate value development on the Cotai Strip. We are in the midst our master planning work as we progress approvals from the PRC government, and we are finding a level of interest in terms of branded amenities, partnership interest and government support truly exciting. As most of you know, we are in the process of obtaining $2.5 billion senior secure credit facility to fund our near term growth plans in Asia that includes the Sands podium expansion, the Venetian Macao, the Four Seasons, The Shangri-La, as well as funds to start construction additional complexes on our site 5, 6 and additional Cotai projects. We finalized documentation as we speak and expect the facility to close this spring. These developments are being put in place to take full advantage of continuing improvement of the economy of mainland China, the growing wealth and consumerism of the Chinese people and the economic recovery of the entire region driven largely by mainland China. In that regard, the gross domestic product of the PRC increased 9.9% in 2005, foreign direct investments exceeded 60 billion, foreign trade increased 26% and the Chinese currency the RMB increased 3% against the US dollar, since July. The US business council even more importantly talked about the instrument and mechanism being put in place in to float RMB. That change of a free new floating RMB would be huge for our VIP player. Increasing the amount of what analyst call legitimate VIP play, play that would be compete four. It will also increase the amount of money mass players can bring across the border to play. Chinese private savings reached $1.75 trillion in Chinese bank accounts, and the newly wealthy Chinese love to travel and spend, the Chinese made 1.21 billion domestic trips in 2005 an increase of about 10%. They made 31 million foreign visits, the world travel organization says China will be the worlds biggest destination by 2019 and according to published reports Chinese are the biggest traveling spenders. They buying luxury condos, yatchs and things like that as well as retail items. That demand is driving visitation to Hong Kong with over 23 million visitors an increase of about 12% driving hotel occupancy and REVPAR, despite the rooms capacity increased in Hong Kong was 12.1%. REVPAR increased 19.8% last year. At Hong Kong retail sales touched 2.4 billion in 2005. In Macao for 2005 visitation increased 12% to 18.7 million visitors, mass games realized an increased 44.5% while VIP Play, was down about 3%. After a crack down of the PRC central government on legal games during the second half of third quarter year. The Sands Macao rolling chip drop volume however was up a 155% from the first to the second half in the face of that crack down. That supports our contention of the legitimate VIP business was not only affected but is growing much more rapidly than the other type of VIP business done in Macao. New developments in the quarter will affect Macao future, 24 million more mainlanders will be eligible for the individual visit scheme come May 2006. That IVS scheme allows mainlanders to visit Hong Kong and Macao without waiting for a visa. It will bring back program from 225 million mainland Chinese with 250 million by May. Macao will double airport capacity by the end of 2007, it is these kinds of metrics and these kinds of developments that continue to support our bullish outlook for Macao, and justify our aggressive investment pasture there. In terms of other development activities worldwide we are continuing to pursue many promising opportunities, in Singapore we are finalizing our response to the ROP for a spectacular project at the Marina base site which is due at the end of March, on the domestic front we filed our application with the state of Pennsylvania for our proposed development at Bethlehem, a short 90 minute drive from New York City. I would say that before we open our call for question and answers, I would like to ask that you refrain from asking any question related to the registration statement that was filed today, I am sure you will all appreciate that we are restricted from discussing any and all aspects of that matter. I would like to thank you in advance for your understanding and I would like to ask the operator to begin and open the call for question and answer session. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen if you would like to ask a question please press "*" "1" on your touchtone telephone, if your question has been answered or you wish to withdraw your question, press "*" "2". The questions will be taken in the order received. Please press "*" "1" to begin. And you first question comes from the line of Larry Glaskin of Jeffries and Company.
Q – Larry Glaskin: Hey guys, congratulations great earnings. One quick housekeeping option expense, I assume you are going to be probably $0.08 to $0.010 per share per year right below your competitors, is that a, what kind of, are we talking in dollars, and how much per share?
A - Scott Henry: It is more in the range of $0.02 to $0.03 a share. That number you quoted was a little too big. And it is probably going to be in the range of $11 and $12 million in a year. That is our current calculation on that.
Q – Larry Glaskin: Over a $12 million a year, good, that is, you guys have more okay. Hengqin Island, you know what kind of potential could we be seeing from that, what kind of magnitude you guys thinking as far as, we are talking 1000 units, 2000 units, and what kind of potential could there be.
A - Scott Henry: I want to qualify comments on Hengqin Island is that we are in the process, that is protracted process of getting through the approvals on mainland China. The impact statements and things like that are, they do not easily give to what I call WOFEs, Wholly Owned Ford Enterprises, large chunks of mainland China. So it is an unusual and difficult transaction so I want to qualify that, but based on with the Zhuhai planning institute right now, we are talking about an FAR ratio on the approximately 6.2 square kilometers that would allow us to build between 40 and 50 million square feet of things. Those things could be anything from hotels, to second home apartments, to club houses to commercial facilities, we have built some convention, and some exhibition space there also, but it, we would be allowed to develop a few sort of massive project there.
Q – Larry Glaskin: Okay. That is great. Second, another question would be just discounts and commissions on table games in the fourth quarter, in Macao.
A - Scott Henry: Pardon me.
Q – Larry Glaskin: The dollar amount of discounts and commissions on table games in the fourth quarter?
A - Scott Henry: That would be Larry, in the area of 1% of a roll, or 40%, you can the roll in program constant 1% that is the amount would be actually commission from discounts. They don't really have this out there is primarily commissioned based on rolling chip program.
Q – Larry Glaskin: So 1% of rolling chip program. Okay. As far as sites 7 and 8, some of your competitors have said that it, those may not be yours, can you just respond for that?
A - William Weidner: We met with the chief executive about 4 weeks ago approximately to discuss our development plans, divulged to him where we were, on the process of our brand development. He assured us that, that site 7 and 8 are ours, to develop. In the meantime, we have been permission to actually access sites 5 and 6 to being the site work. And we were notified that we will be granted a license on those site II development. So we are moving forward on the pre development of 7 and 8, and the actual physical development of 5 and 6.
Q – Larry Glaskin: Okay. And the last question, was the Chinese government, you have the deadline of June '06 and 12 '06 for casino and convention where you, I mean we expect to get the extension of what is going with that?
A - William Weidner: As part of the loan documentations we are working with the Chinese government, sort of Tao government rather, we have formerly requested the extension of the deadline, several of us were around the table to catch conversation with representatives of the government who told us that the extensions will be granted, as part of loan documentation.
Q – Larry Glaskin: Okay. Well thank you guys.
A - William Weidner: Thanks Larry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Cogan with Banc of America Securities.
Q – Jay Cogan: Yeah. Hi, good afternoon I got a few question on Macao as well, may be following up on Larry, just asked about Hengqin Island. Will, can you just go may be go a little bit more detail about exactly what you have do from a process standpoint to be able to move forward, break ground and on Hengqin Island, how long are we talking, you said some relatively significant undertaking, we understand that tier was mean over there?
A - William Weidner: The next benchmark dates will be mid to late April, to give you an idea of the process we have been working on this for just about two years, we started with the Zhuhai level of government which is city government across the border from Macao. We worked our way from Zhuhai level to the what is called the 9+2 regional level, which is the nine southern provinces of China and Hong Kong and Macao which were made into a economic cooperative area. From there we got the approval last October November from the mayor of Guangdong province. So that is provincial level, and now we are working with Zhuhai planning institute who are working with the folks of 9+2, to develop the four master plan for the island. Our next presentation with our six master planners, will be to the Zhuhai planning institute at mid April. We present environmental impact statements, we present FAR ratios, we present the outline plan for the development in terms of the number of units, of the area of components and aspects, so it is a process that is a very detailed one, we would expect to be allowed to actually get on the site, to do some real work on the ground works by sometime this summer. And would expect hopefully by the end of the year to have some form of assurance from the government that we can move forward.
Q – Jay Cogan: Okay. Everything worked out perfect from here, when do you think something may be 40 to 50 million square feet, was that, that may be that comes on space, and then how should we think about, just sections opening up or greater visibility, is actually what do you do?
A - William Weidner: There would be, from there we would be, we have proposebly developed in three phases, and a couple of sub phases. To be able to take one bite at a time, and our approximate amount of expenditure in the first phase is somewhere near $300 million number and we are working on just for simply for planning purpose, the combination of infrastructure work, the first golf course, a number of housing units, the marina area, and some units and yatch slits and things like that, that would relate the marina.
Q – Jay Cogan: Yeah. And If I can may be actually couple of Macao related questions. In regards to the mall when you mentioned, as he said, we are going to get some more information next couple of weeks, but you said you guys ahead of your expectations from a rental standpoint. Was that ahead of what your apparent expressing of the November, analyst say we are from prior budget, I just want to make sure I understand that.
A - William Weidner: November, I think we had a range, and then a mid point of range, that we were talking about, there, we are so far happy with what is coming on.
Q – Jay Cogan: And when you said, Grand Canal shops, is that at the Venetian part of the 1.6 million square feet, or is that the entire 1.6 million?
A - William Weidner: That is the Venetian part, and the Four Seasons part will be part of our next announcement here are the actual formal announcements that would be developing, that communication over the next couple or three weeks.
Q – Jay Cogan: And then one last one if I can, I didn't see the Sheraton brand anywhere in the release, in your comments you had mentioned another Asian related hotel brand, is there something changed with respect to that site?
A - William Weidner: No, we just haven't specifically talked about it, I think because things will be, will come along fairly clear over the next few days, few weeks.
Q – Jay Cogan: Okay. Perfect. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Andrew with Merrill Lynch.
Q – David Andrew: Great. Couple of question, hey Will, I missed the progression of the table count at the Sands, Macao, if you could walk me through that, again, I then I got two additional follow-ups.
A - William Weidner: Okay. We opened what we called the Torchin (phonetic) casino, as I mentioned here for Chinese New Year. And that was the addition of some I think 67 slot machines and 28 table games. By May we will add another 17 Paiza Club games which will be at a 30% increase to the Paiza Club, actually expanding Paiza Club into what was our Shanghai Restaurants, maintaining the kitchens so we could improve our food and beverage services there and add 30% to capacity and improve the quality of the Paiza Club overall. And then by August, we plan on adding another 200 table games and another 200 slot machines to take the total table count to 630 tables and about 1100 slot machines counts.
Q – David Andrew: Okay. Now the follow up, Sheldon may be you could talk a little bit about monetizing the real estate, I know you guys wanted to everything opened before you thought about selling it. Is that still the plan and then Scott may be if you could comment on the hold percentages, looks like you played a little lucky in Vegas and on the massive tables. I calculated probably help revenue about $30 million and I am note sure what kind of margin you want to put on that, may be you could quantify the earnings of that?
A – Sheldon Adelson: David this is Sheldon. We haven't changed our strategy, our strategy is to still sell non-core assets and provide the benefit that the non-core assets is established from the first place. So nothing is changed, we expect to move forward with Macao.
Q – David Andrew: Okay.
A - Bradley Stone: Hi, David this Bradley Stone, I will respond to the whole percentage situation. We did, we held a 26.4% in Las Vegas, and that was driven heavily by Baccarat, and you know in normal times, we say that about 5%, 5.5% higher than we would traditionally expect to experience. I think, one thing that is happening here, is at Venetian as you know a significant growth, in Baccarat, as this mix of business, the talent I believe, if you look at the historical numbers, Baccarat in Las Vegas totaled in the 25% 26% range, so obviously as Baccarat becomes a higher mix to your business you would expect your whole developed not obviously to 26%. But higher than perhaps we have communicating in the past, you know idea in 2003, 2004, Baccarat drop represented roughly, I believe the number was about 33%, of our total draw. But moved up to about 60%, I am sorry 36% in the year 2005, 2004, and in our most current year Baccarat drop revenue was about 44% of our drop. So it is seen as a steady increase as we built asset to attract higher end business, which is predominantly Baccarat, Asian business, with our range, and so I guess the long and short of it, there, is that we are getting to here, is that we believe we are going to start seeing a whole percentage probably increased of above the typical 20.5% to 21%. That we have been saying will be normalized in the past. For the quarter again we held a very healthy 26.4% and you know depending on what you want to sight it as a premium, it could be 25 to 30 million additional.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Steven Kent with Goldman Sachs.
Q – Steven Kent: Hi. I am not sure if you can talk about this today, but cold you just give us a sense as on the retail leasing program whether these are US based, retailers or Chinese or Hong Kong based and then if you could talk about the deal structures on these on these, or you going to do that in a couple of weeks, and then also I am not sure if I caught this, in your opening comments Chinese New Yea in Macao did it follow a similar pattern to last year, where business was slow, the first few days, and then ramped back up.
A - William Weidner: Yes. Okay. Two answer s there, one the, I would say that the retail brands, the 85 stores that we talked about are basically the international global usual suspects that anyone would recognize anything from Mont Blanc and Dunhill, (indiscernible), I mean it would be in our, they are the premium retail brands that you will see anywhere in the world. And the announcement were articulated more but I think you will see that is pretty well everything that you would expect and more. As far as Chinese New Year, the pattern was similar this year to last year, when the Chinese are close to home, the first few days of Chinese new year are very family oriented so they don't necessarily come out to the casino, although our visitation numbers were up about 10% in the period before Chinese new year, It increased about 10% through the reminder of the second week of Chinese new year here in Macao. But the pattern is very similar and I hear it to be different pattern because when they come away from because they are away from, they don't, they may bring the family but usually they don’t. So you get a longer more protracted Chinese new year here than you get actually in Asia. Actually in Macao itself. The pattern is very similar but our volume was up in terms of foot traffic. And volume up in terms of table game activities.
Q – Steven Kent: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Celeste Brown with Morgan Stanley.
Q – Celeste Brown: Hey guys, couple of questions, back to the mall, are you, can you describe the sort of discounts to, what you are seeing for the smaller boutiques that you would expect for an anchor, would you expect the, or would you expect an anchor to pay sort of similar level of rent?
A - William Weidner: Similar to here in Las Vegas, the anchor is the strip and the brooms themselves, so almost all the space we are selling are small space. There will be a couple of column large space users, but that will be because of, if there is a codec configuration in deep space, where you have a little larger user but I don't think there would not be a significant difference in the income per square foot. The thing we are seeing over there is not only are the base rents, much stronger than in Las Vegas, similar to those in Hong Kong, but the percentage of rents are double digit. I mean the lower end of the percentage rents, are 12%, 13%. And the high end of the percentage rents are 18%. So it is a much stronger base, I guess you would say of developing revenues there than here.
A - Sheldon Adelson: The largest what you might call anchor brands are only about 15,000 square feet. There may be anchor brands but they are anchored per say as we know that we never made a mistakes. There are, in future phases here, we are looking at large format electronic type stores and things like that, the broader variety of shopping there on the strip, what we are doing is we are developing essentially a monopoly for retail, if you take, the scale of Hong Kong, Hong Kong has brands repeated several times all over the place, we are organizing this strip of a couple of million square feet of retail space that will essentially control. So once we have the critical mass in place, it will fuel itself, because it will be the dominant retail mall experience in Macao for a long time, so anybody who built more rooms just built more bodies to frequent the mall. So we are very excited about the overall opportunity there.
Q – Celeste Brown: Okay. Great. And then can you also give an update on your views on sort of infrastructure developments, to depend some article out of Hong Kong and China to discuss the potentially the bridge now being built, such as the reaction on therefore on the precious part.
A - William Weidner: I don't know if you, I heard today and I think, better to understand you did about the tunnel that, I think mainland Chinese are talking about developing between Shenzhen and Zhuhai. You know, there is talk of a second bridge also in that area. I just think it is good news. I mean the more connection there is in the southern part of the triangle with the northern part of the triangle the more activity there will be. Whether it is very good tunnel, it matters not to us, as long as Shenzhen and Hong Kong could more conveniently get to Zhuhai and Macao. And it doesn't matter which one. There has been a lot of development and support for the bridge overall, I am not sure that the people are reacting more quickly than they have to, anytime that is ruled out, you know people think in terms of what kind of profitability can my bridge get if i now have a tunnel competing with me. But not to mind, one way or another this will mean a lot more connections between the west side and east side of the delta in the ensuing years.
Q – Celeste Brown: Great. And then just finally one another, just from a housekeeping question, can you give us the table breakdown between the Paiza club and the Mass in Macao?
A - Bradley Stone:
Q – Celeste Brown: Yeah number of tables sorry.
A - Bradley Stone: The current configuration, the final configuration?
Q – Celeste Brown: The current and final.
A – Bradley Stone: Current one is right now we have 55 tables in the private club, and we have about 385 Mass games, the final configuration again right now would be you know atleast the way we are going, 630 would breakdown into about 70, 75, Paiza Club games and the balance would be Mass , however you know we are always looking at and preplanning the ability to expand the Paiza Club if necessary, we have other real estate who can do that in, and as that market grows and as the need for VIP rooms for our Junket run network demands, we will find space for them. It is a very lucrative business for us, and the capital crosses minimal compared to the return we can made by expanding that facility.
Q – Celeste Brown: Alright. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Kenneth Parker, a private investor.
Q – Kenneth Parker: Good afternoon gentleman, I got most of my questions answered, I just do have one question concerning your potential operations and development in the United Kingdom, is it appropriate to ask any of those questions and what is your next stage of operation would be in England?
A - William Weidner: I mean like everyone our interest, everyone interested in the larger casino, they call them super casinos, we call them mini casinos. But our interest is in the what they call, super casinos with the maximum of 1250 slot machines, we have consistently communicated our interest in forming, making presentations, and forming ventures to be able to develop what they call, super casinos, currently the government only allows one in the legislation, there has been a lot of push now to expand that number, I think 44 different municipalities and the interest they have approached government about our interest in developing a super casino. We think it is likely that the number of super casinos expand from one to some larger number but we are not going to know that until much later this year, in terms of the how the government which has to go back an reproach parliament to get it approved. But our government is going to propose the number of those larger casinos expand. We are in place over there with several different ventures, we are interest in developing a number of those larger casinos and we are awaiting government tell us whether they want to expand them to some number beyond one.
Q – Kenneth Parker: Pleased your answer, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is a follow –up from Larry Glaskin of Jeffries and Company.
Q – Larry Glaskin: hey guys, just some housekeeping, corporate expense going forward, you know we had the corporate cabling line, but you had $5million development, should we be looking for combined $15 to $17 million going forward a quarter. Also CapEx timing, what would you look for the next quarter Scott and may be for the rest of the year.
A - Scott Henry: Straight in the note, Larry. Let me start with CapEx, CapEx going forward for 2006, we are not going to give you to you on a quarterly basis, but we will give you for the year. It's currently projection, between 1.6 and 1.8 billion combined between, the US or between the Las Vegas and Macao. The break out for that is about $950 million to $1.1 billion in Macao and in Vegas it is about $675 million and $750 million. On the corporate expense, Brade you want to tackle that one.
A - Bradley Stone: I'll let you tackle it.
A - Scott Henry: So, you know, you have all said to us many times, we are a growing business and I think the business development line is the line that you are going to continue to see on a fairly consistent basis. As far as corporate I think at this point of time, we are now fully ramped up to where we are going to be within a close range, Larry, now that we have fully made this transition from a one property company to a multi-property company with a parent, public parent too on top of that.
Q – Larry Glaskin: Alright, then we should keep it where we have it now. Okay. And then I guess the last question is, there was press release out of Singapore saying they have finalized the law and revised a little bit more, could you, is that something new, that actually a little better for applicants?
A - William Weidner: A little better, I mean, it's at the margin it doesn't mean a lot, you know, there was a very cumbersome suggestion about how floor configuration, you see the floor configuration should be handled, they were mimicking the New Jersey model, that we have, if you want a table or slot machine you have to make an application of the change in floor to government before they allowed you to do it. They have dropped that, you know we would expect Singapore to be strict in terms of how it deals with it's gaming, we would expect it to be a little more of the New Jersey model, let us than the Macao model, I guess you would say, and we do believe that Singapore is an interesting place to be, and that they will evolve as other venues and jurisdiction evolve. And I think there was a bit of single saying we will look at our rules and within reason be flexible.
Q – Larry Glaskin: Okay. Great guys, and also tax rates going forward as far as on the US assets?
A - Bradley Stone: On the US asset, 35% effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was about 16.74%. And that is going to fluctuate from quarter to quarter, it is again depending upon the mix of business, Larry. Obviously you know in Macao, we enjoy a income tax holiday, certainly on profits from gaming operations till the end of 2008.
Q – Larry Glaskin: Alright. Well thank you guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Dennis Forst with Keybanc Capital Markets.
Q – Dennis Forst: Okay. Good afternoon. I wanted to ask Brade if you could finish the answer to a question, I think it was David Andrews was asking about hold percentages when you were cut off, and then I wanted to follow up on that with another question about the hold.
A - Bradley Stone: Again, I am not sure where I cut off, because I was in the call. When you have a cellphone and you think you are talking to somebody, but it seems there is nobody there.
Q – Dennis Forst: I think you got around to, said '05 Baccarat hold made up about 44% of the or the drop that was, it was 44% of the table drop?
A - Bradley Stone: I think the point we are trying to make here is simply that, typically we have communicated that out, we believe are normalized hold will be 20.5% to 21%. And I just think, as we specially with our emphasis on Baccarat and the Asia business, because of our presence in Macao and the assets that we put in play Las Vegas at the Venetian. And the assets were developing in the Palazzo project here. I think we are going to have to look at what we consider to be normalized hold percentage. Obviously as the mix of the higher hold percentage business increases, so should whole percentage. So we are just seeing a ramping up, and what i was articulating is, in 2002 , 2003 time frame 34% of our drop is Baccarat, then it went to 36% of our drop in 2004 and for 2005 it was 44% so, as our mix of business changes I think we would anticipate perhaps the whole percentage what we consider normal could go up, then I think part of it will staying here now. We certainly benefited from the great hold percentage in the fourth quarter, but again the delta between what is normal and what we did, is shrinking as we increase our mix with Baccarat play.
Q – Dennis Forst: Okay. Then just a follow up on that, the state puts out their monthly numbers, and they typically have somewhere around a 10% to 12%, hold percentage on Baccarat, that includes Rim credit, is that in variance from the way you calculate your Baccarat hold?
A - Bradley Stone: There is two ways to the catch, that hold is calculated, we as the more traditional gaming model, the state also, I believe does have in it's report, and I guess, the two confuses, one called historical and one called statistical and what we look at is what is norm for what we use in our industry and again my recollection last time I look at, was that the state is in the 24% 25%, 26% range and now with that statistic you are looking at is a different way in which they calculated, and I am sorry, but I can't articulate exactly what that formula is, but that is not the hold that we as casinos here in Las Vegas, operators, that is not how we calculate it, and that is not the typical nomenclature when the gaming companies report, we talked to analyst that we utilized. Not a chance, you need you need statistics.
Q – Dennis Forst: Okay. But they do have a statistic that reconciles with yours?
A - Bradley Stone: Yes. I believe that again there is two, they call the game chord board, one is called historical, one is called statistical.
A - Sheldon Adelson: Even just realizing this state reports that $72 million, rather it was negative, the other smaller house and they don't have the kind of volumes that we have, blocks your endurance, which dropped the class hold percentage amount.
Q – Dennis Forst: Okay. Thank you.
A - Sheldon Adelson: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question is a follow up from Jay Cogan with Banc of America Securities.
Q – Jay Cogan: Yeah. Hi, just couple of more quickies on couch. Since you got a couple of issue on the convention side, if you could just provide us a little bit more detail, you said you had significant expressions of interest or something like that in the release on the call, I was wondering if you could just, maybe you can flush that out, a little bit more for us, in regards to what we might expect to see in 2007 and 2008 and how that may effect you know, occupancies and you know the merchant Cotai strip. And then also on site 7 and 8 obviously those has been work in progress, I was wondering if you could just give us any kind of update as to where it stands today, as your best guess, about that development may shaping up.
A -William Weidner: First, the, as far as the group business, the expressions of interest had now been turned into, contracts, several have been sent out, and a couple have been signed. And we will be bringing more information forward as we have a critical mass of those put together so you can get a much better sense where we stand there. '07 '08 are shaping up pretty well, particularly fall of '07 surprising you are not going to get, it will be out in the next few weeks, the more wholesome report on that, the actually activities and results, the results of the activities. Secondly, i , what was the second question about? It was about, 7 and 8 are being designed as we speak, they are, each of the parcel is approximately the same size, so the way that we are handling the design of those is to call them, the space itself being similar, but the actual design of the buildings themselves, being very different, been very differently. And you mentioned earlier, one of the brands that we have been talking with, we will continue to talk to with that particular brand, and others and we think over the next few weeks we will get all of the brands finalized, and then we will be finishing the design on 7 and 8.
Q – Jay Cogan: From a financial standpoint do you expect still to do, with kind of the mind, with how do you in the first sourcing deal on site 3, where, what is about highly likelihood as you brought up I think at the analyst day, that you might have additional interest possibly even, hold earnings, those sites, just kind of curious, how you see that might flush out.
A -William Weidner: Well, I think we are going to exercise more control over the sights, the interesting thing is when we began this idea, everybody thought that, the Cotai strip of that area of Macao was in the Boon Docks, now suddenly everybody wants to invest there, I think part of it is because, there is progress not only in Macao but people see the actual physical building of the Venetian as an anchor. And it is our contention that those properties pieces are very valuable and so we look at how structure what we do out there, to be able to make sure we have captured, and maximized the value of that is available there. We have several people interest in partnerships, in developing these different sites and the question is whether we really want to give up the value to partners, as I said, keep evaluating that, overall. So we are going forward with the design and development anyway, we are going to control that anyway, there maybe a possibility bringing additional partners in. Or may develop those ourselves.
Q – Jay Cogan: Got it. And then last question, Thomas, first quarter data points, that I think Scott has provided some between the past on Macao for example I think in the past you provided this first month of DIP drop and/or the mass market on the per day basis, volumes and in Vegas if you any comments on first quarter 2006 expectations.
A -William Weidner: Traditionally, we have done that since we were kind of in our first cycle, we didn't really have a year-on-year, comparison, now we do, so I think we are going to get away from that particular practice. Certainly in Las Vegas, we are much more mature property now and so we, periodically we would give that time to communications when we were younger I guess you would say the process, or let us say when we added the Venetian tower, we did that to say, look there is huge increase of, you know 25% to 30% in capacity. I gave some indication of that apple. We are normalized now, so and we are now laughing ourselves in Macao, so we won't be giving out that kind of information.
Q – Jay Cogan: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you and your last question comes from the line of Felicia Hendricks with Lehman Brothers.
Q – Felicia Hendricks: Hi guys. Squeezed right in there, at the end. So just to touch back on it, quickly, Brade when you were cut off with the prior question on hold was when you said you could add 25 to 30 million additional revenues and then you got cut off. I am trying to figure out what kind of margin we might want to apply to that, if you were discussing that?
A - Bradley Stone: Well, I think that number, when I saw that 25 to 30 million bucks was for the year, I think I was talking about the year end, and you know that typically I mean, it is hard to ever associate a direct margin, but we usually say about 50%, excuse me, in that business we don't have a delta like that, it is not because you beat, you know a bunch of $5 blackjack players, you beat some big players and of course we have the associated discounts, the gaming packs. The forms for the guest, things like that so typically we would say that you know we hold, may be 50% margin on that business.
Q – Felicia Hendricks: Okay. And then Sheldon, when we met in the past, you have discussed kind of what are your offers for Cap raise was trending on the retail in Macao, I was just wondering if you could update us there.
A - Sheldon Adelson: There is no real update, except that we have been approached, we continually our approach by different, let us call them leads for real estate investment companies. To pre-sell the mall, we are not interested in doing so, at this time, if we don't see anything that should happen that would change that, we might get closer to or alter, before we seriously entertain any offers. None of our expectations have changed.
Q – Felicia Hendricks: Right. But the offers are still coming in, in the low single digits?
A - Sheldon Adelson: What?
Q – Felicia Hendricks: The offers are still coming in, in the low single digits?
A - Sheldon Adelson: Yes.
Q – Felicia Hendricks: Okay. Thank you.
A - Sheldon Adelson: Not all offers, I can't say they are offers, just conversations that people call up and say you now we can consider X cap way if you guys want to sell it to us. But I would call it just into a state at this point.
Q – Felicia Hendricks: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions in the queue. I would now like to turn the back over to Mr. Weidner for closing remarks.
William P. Weidner, President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you very much. And thank you for your attention today. We had a very very good quarter, very very good year, we have a lot of things on our plate and it is a wonderful thing to have those kinds of opportunities just on your plate, while we are busy, it is certainly is exciting and stimulating. And with that, I thank you for joining us today, for our conference call and we look forward to talking to you again in the very near future. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.
