===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Audra and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mastercard Incorporated Q1 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you, Mr. Devin Corr, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Devin Corr: Thank you, Audra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2025 earnings call. With me today are Michael Miebach, our Chief Executive Officer; and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Michael and Sachin, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I'd like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I will now turn the call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Michael Miebach.
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Devin. Good morning, everyone. Before I dive into the specifics from the quarter, a few things stand out for me. First, we delivered a fantastic first quarter. Net revenues were up 17% and adjusted net income up 13% versus a year ago. As always, on a non-GAAP currency neutral basis. Second, we are successfully executing against a significant secular opportunity in payments. It's a core part of our growth algorithm and an opportunity in any economic environment. Third, we are at the forefront of digital transformation, delivering a diverse set of solutions that address the evolving needs of our customers. Capabilities that make payments simple, smart and more secure and services that go beyond our rails and beyond payments. Now let's get into the details. We're operating in an uncertain environment. Consumer and business sentiment has weakened primarily due to concerns surrounding the impact from tariffs and geopolitical tensions. On the other hand, so far this year the fundamentals that support consumer spending have been solid and our drivers are generally stable. No matter what, it remains clear that we have intentionally embedded resiliency. We have a well-diversified business, both from a geographic and product perspective as well as across a wide range of discretionary and non-discretionary span categories. We closely manage our expenses and have levers to pull, if needed. And we remain focused on executing against our short, medium and long-term objectives. There's a substantial opportunity for us to drive sustainable growth across consumer payments, commercial new payment flows and value-added services and solutions. That's what I will focus on today. Starting with consumer payments, our innovations including contactless capabilities and tokenization have become a foundation for payments in today's digital economy. Today 73% of all in-person switch transactions are contactless and approximately 35% of all our switch transactions are tokenized. These technologies will continue to play an important role as we move forward into the next phase of digital commerce, such as Agentic AI. We announced Mastercard Agent Pay that leverages our agentic tokens as well as franchise rules, fraud and cybersecurity solutions combined. These will help partners like Microsoft, facilitate safe, frictionless and programmable transactions across AI platforms. We will also work with companies like OpenAI to deliver smarter, more secure and more personalized agentic payments. The launch of Agent Pay is an important step in redefining commerce in the AI era. We are thrilled with these collaborations as we work together to scale and build trust in agentic commerce. We also continue to advance crypto payments with an end-to-end approach. We're collaborating with cryptocurrency platforms to allow consumers to spend their cryptocurrencies, including stablecoins, at more than 150 million Mastercard acceptance locations worldwide. Kraken, OKX and Bleap are among our newest card issuance partners helping to connect the crypto economy to everyday spending. And behind the scenes we have enabled stablecoin settlement on the Mastercard network itself. We're working with FinTech acquire Newway to enable the option to settle payments in stablecoins for their merchants. And we help make these payments secure with Crypto Secure, now actively monitoring risks for hundreds of issuers globally. This is in addition to our work on blockchain technology to unlock faster and more transparent cross-border B2B payments with our multi-token network which we discussed last quarter. Our consumer payment technologies also enable us to further capture the significant secular opportunity and expand into new markets. China, for example. As we approach the one-year anniversary of the first locally switched transaction, we launched domestic on-soil tokenization capabilities. These were developed through our joint venture to make online transactions more safe and secure. Additionally, we're working to scale commercial as well as consumer payments. Over the last year we have launched 10 new small business programs. We also continue to win and renew partnerships around the globe to drive growth in consumer payments. CIMB Niaga, Indonesia's second largest private bank, has chosen to transition their international branded consumer card portfolio to Mastercard. We have embarked on this long-term partnership to help enhance customer acquisition and experiences through analytics and technology. We're also expanding our partnership with one of the leading regional financial groups in Latin America, Grupo Promerica, across eight countries. In addition to incremental card issuance, they will utilize our consulting and data analytic capabilities to drive growth. Such strategic partnerships also play an important role unlocking cash and new consumers. There's tremendous secular opportunity in Africa. One way we unlock it is by partnering with mobile network operators across the continent. For example, we're partnering with MTN Mobile Money in Uganda to give their subscribers the option to pay using card credentials without the need for a physical card or a bank account. And in the UAE, we're partnering with Al Etihad Payments to launch co-batch, debit, and prepaid cards with the domestic scheme Jaywan. This gives us access to a new set of consumers and flows in this large, high-growth market. Travel remains an important vertical and one where we are seeing continued success. Our acceptance footprint and robust service offerings are key to capturing this category of spend. This quarter, we launched a new debit co-brand card with Wyndham Rewards, and we renewed our credit co-brand partnership with Spirit Airlines with an additional agreement to launch a new debit program with them in the future. Putting it all together, we are partnering in creative ways to win share and capture the secular shift. Our decades-long innovation in payments has placed us at the forefront of today's digital commerce. And now we're positioned to lead tomorrow's advancements, such as Agentic AI in crypto, as I mentioned earlier. Commercial new payment flows represent another large addressable market opportunity. This quarter, we launched two commercial point-of-sale solutions. Each combine our product capabilities in a modular way to meet the specific needs of varied businesses. Our business builder product combines commercial cards and tools to help entrepreneurial clients launch and scale their ventures. b1Bank will be among the first issuers to offer the program. We developed Mid-Market Accelerator to address the critical needs of the largest and fastest-growing commercial segment, mid-market. It combines our digital payment technology rewards and security solutions with custom-selected features like cash flow and expense management tools. We're working with citizens to bring this to market in the United States with plans to scale globally. Beyond commercial point-of-sale solutions, we are working to unlock the substantial invoice payment opportunity by enhancing our capabilities. We entered into a new partnership with Corpay to enhance our current corporate cross-border payment solutions with industry-leading currency risk management and integrated large ticket capabilities. This will give our financial institution partners a simple connection to a comprehensive suite of cross-border payment offerings, regardless of ticket size and geography. At the same time, the partnership expands the distribution reach of Mastercard Move. And this goes to a broader set of small and mid-sized businesses, including the existing Corpay customers. Finally, we extended our agreement for Corpay to exclusively offer Mastercard virtual card programs to its customers. Furthermore, we're extending our leadership in virtual cards by making them easier for businesses to access and deploy. We launched B2B Rate Manager to equip Mastercard virtual card issuers with a faster and more scalable way to implement and use flexible interchange rates. We're also streamlining the onboarding process for issuers to deliver embedded virtual card technology into partner platforms that end corporates use every day, such as HRS and CVent. To further scale, we continue to embed our virtual card technology into widely used platforms. ERP software company Odoo, in collaboration with Stripe, will exclusively issue Mastercard corporate cards integrated into Odoo's Expend module, available for their users in more than 20 countries. We're also seeing strong demand for our Mastercard Move capabilities, with transaction growth up more than 35% year-over-year this quarter. This solution has extensive reach and broad applicability to meet the ever-growing needs of customers and businesses. Let's look at some of the most interesting use cases here. In the person-to-person space, we now facilitate domestic transfers by simply tapping your phone, partnering with Samsung, to power their new wallet P2P offering. And we support near real-time person-to-person cross-border remittances, adding partners like MoneyGram, Instapay Technologies, and Curfex this quarter. Mastercard Move also enables disbursements like gig economy wage payouts to offer more flexibility and speed to businesses and individuals. Checkout.com is using Mastercard Move to help enable disbursement and payment use cases for the gig economy, as well as for insurance and healthcare merchants. And our technology can also speed up purchase return payments within minutes rather than days or weeks, which is clearly something we can all benefit from. Worldpay is now using this with multiple UK merchants to deliver faster refunds. Across commercial point of sale, invoice payments, and Mastercard Move, we are expanding across use cases while making it easier and more attractive to use our solutions. The third pillar of our strategy is services and solutions. We've made targeted investments in diversified solutions and high-growth areas. As we said at the Investor Day last year, approximately 85% of our value-added services and solutions revenues are recurring in nature, providing a stable baseline for growth. And we are well-positioned for future growth as we continue to scale by further penetrating existing customers and targeting new buying centers and new services. We are leveraging one-to-many distribution with global technology partners who can embed our services as part of their value proposition. Galileo will enable ethical alerts for most of their card portfolios and integrate our open banking powered capabilities onto their platform. Global cybersecurity company VikingCloud will distribute our risk scoring and cyber security remediation capabilities to further enable their small business clients to protect against cybercrime. And financial crime prevention company Feedzai is extending their use of Mastercard's consumer fraud risk solution. It's already live in the UK with 14 major banks and this partnership streamlines our ability to scale account-to-account fraud solutions to new markets globally. To further penetrate existing customers we bring differentiated solutions that drive impact throughout their value chain. This can be across consumer onboarding, activation, and usage, all the while making payments safe and secure. Our services help balance a positive frictionless consumer onboarding experience with ensuring consumers are who they say they are. Tangerine Bank in Canada is using our account opening identity solutions to do just that. And bringing our identity attributes and open banking solutions together we have helped experience enhance their digital checking account offerings with inexperienced smart money. Once those customers are onboarded, our assets can support their ongoing engagement and loyalty resulting in improved customer satisfaction. For example we help power Sam's Club's loyalty rewards program. We're working with First Abu Dhabi Bank to develop an AI-powered concierge integrated into the bank's Mastercard offers platform. This innovative solution will help customers discover and access card offers and benefits in a contextual manner. Additionally our business and market insight services help our customers with portfolio optimization. We've combined our consulting expertise analytics insights to help customers like Intesa Sanpaolo to optimize the program performance. We also provide tools to protect our customers and the ecosystem more broadly. Last year, we enhanced our AI-powered decision intelligence to supercharge our fraud scoring and detection rates and it's working. Detecting more than 40% more fraud versus quarter one last year. On the cyber security front Recorded Future just unveiled malware intelligence. It's a new capability enabling proactive threat prevention for any business using real-time AI-powered intelligence insights. These are just two examples how we deploy AI. Taking a step back AI is deeply ingrained in our business. We have access to an enormous amount of data and this uniquely positions us to enhance our AI's performance resulting in greater accuracy and reliability. And we're deploying AI to enable many solutions in market today. In fact in 2024 AI enabled approximately one in three of our products within value-added services and solutions. Simply put, our services are focused on areas that truly matter to our customers both in payments and beyond and we're intentionally investing in areas like AI-powered threat intelligence that are ripe with opportunities for growth. Today, I've shared numerous wins, new partnerships and new product innovations. The execution is evident and our momentum continues. So I want to wrap up with some key takeaways for you. We delivered another quarter of very strong results. We're monitoring the macroenvironment and prepared to adjust as needed. We have a broad set of solutions that drive value for our customers. We have a strong, resilient and diversified business model and most importantly we are focused on delivering our strategy and growth for the long term. Sachin over to you.
Sachin Mehra : Thanks Michael. Turning to page 3 which shows our financial performance for the first quarter on a currency neutral basis excluding where applicable special items and the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments. Net revenue was up 17% reflecting continued growth in our payment network and our value-added services and solutions. Acquisitions contributed one ppt to this growth. Operating expenses increased 14% including a 4 ppt increase from acquisitions and operating income was up 19% which includes a 1 ppt headwind from acquisitions. Net income and EPS increased 13% and 16% respectively driven primarily by the strong operating income growth partially offset by a higher effective tax rate due to the impact of the global minimum tax rules commencing in the current period. EPS was $3.73, which includes an $0.08 contribution from share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased $2.5 billion worth of stock and an additional $884 million through April 28, 2025. Now turning to page 4, let's first look at some of our key volume drivers for the first quarter on a local currency basis. Worldwide, gross dollar volume, or GDV, increased by 9% year-over-year. In the U.S., GDV increased by 7%, with credit growth of 6% and debit growth of 8%. This growth was impacted by the lapping of the Citizens Debit Portfolio migration to Mastercard, which commenced in Q1, 2024. Outside of the U.S., volume increased 10%, with credit growth of 9% and debit growth of 12%. Overall, cross-border volume increased 15% globally for the quarter, in line with expectations and reflecting continued growth in both travel and non-travel related cross-border spending. Turning now to page 5, let's talk about switch transactions, which grew 9% year-over-year in Q1. Both card-present and card-not-present growth rates remained strong. Card-present growth was aided in part by an increase in contactless penetration, as contactless now represents approximately 73% of all in-person switch purchase transactions. In addition, card growth was 6%. Globally, there are 3.5 billion Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards issued. Turning to slide 6, for a look into our net revenue growth rates for the first quarter, discussed on a currency-neutral basis. Payment network net revenue increased 16%, primarily driven by domestic and cross-border transaction and volume growth. It also includes growth in rebates and incentives. Value-added services and solutions net revenue increased 18%. This includes a 4 percentage point increase from acquisitions. The remaining 15% increase was driven primarily by the scaling of our security and digital and authentication solutions, as well as demand for our consumer acquisition and engagement services. It was also driven by growth in our underlying drivers and price-set. Now, let's turn to page 7 to discuss key metrics related to the payment network. Again, all growth rates are described on a currency-neutral basis, unless otherwise noted. Looking quickly at each key metric, domestic assessments were up 12%, while worldwide GDV grew 9%. The 2 ppt difference is primarily driven by mix and pricing. Cross-border assessments increased 18%, while cross-border volumes increased 15%. The 3ppt difference is primarily driven by pricing in international markets. Transaction processing assessments were up 17%, while switch transactions grew 9%. The 7 ppt difference is primarily due to revenue related to FX volatility, favorable cross-border mix, and pricing. Other network assessments were $231 million this quarter. As a reminder, these assessments primarily relate to licensing, implementation, and other franchise fees, and may fluctuate from period to period. Moving on to page 8, you can see that on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, excluding special items, total adjusted operating expenses increased 14%, which includes a 4 ppt impact from acquisitions. This growth was primarily driven by increased spending to support the continued execution of our strategic initiatives. Total adjusted operating expenses were lower than expected this quarter, primarily due to the cadence of expenses between the first quarter and the remainder of the year. Turning now to page 9, let me comment on the operating metric trends for the first quarter and the first four weeks of April. Starting with Q1, we saw healthy consumer and business spending. Our operating metrics remained generally stable after adjusting for the following three items. First, the leap year in Q1 2024, which reduced Q1 2025 growth by over 1 ppt across switch volumes, switch transactions, and cross-border volumes. Second, the timing of Easter and other holidays. Easter occurred in April this year, as compared to the end of Q1 in 2024. And finally, as it relates to cross-border travel, we saw a pull-forward of spend into Q4 2024 from Q1 2025, as we mentioned on our last earnings call. Now, turning to the first four weeks of April, sequentially, switch volumes, switch transactions, and cross-border volumes also remained generally stable after adjusting for the points I just mentioned. Let me double-click on cross-border for a minute. Cross-border travel growth broadly remained strong, but we are seeing some moderation in select markets in the Middle East and Africa as they come off recent periods of extremely high growth. Cross-border, card-not-present, ex-travel growth continue to be very strong. Summing it up, total cross-border continue to grow at a healthy clip with 16% growth year-to-date through April 28th on a local currency basis. Turning now to page 10, I wanted to share our thoughts for the remainder of the year. The headline is that our business remains strong and consumer spending remains healthy. On the macroeconomic front, the fundamentals that support consumer and business spending have been solid to date. Specifically, unemployment rates remain low, and for the most part, wage growth continues to outpace the rate of inflation. At the same time, increased economic and geopolitical uncertainty has weakened sentiment and creates risks. But remember, our business is diversified, and that is true across products and services, discretionary and non-discretionary spend categories, domestic and cross-border spend, and countries and corridors. For example, when looking at cross-border corridor pairs, meaning the inbound and outbound flows between two countries, no cross-border corridor pair represented more than 3% of our total cross-border volume in 2024. This diversification brings resilience, as does our disciplined approach to capital allocation. We will continue to monitor the external environment and have expense levers to adjust, if necessary. Now turning to our expectations for the full year 2025, our base case assumes consumer spending remains healthy. We continue to expect net revenue to grow at the high end of a low double digits to low teens range on a currency neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. Acquisitions are expected to add 1 to 1.5 ppt to this growth rate for the year. Given recent currency fluctuations, we now estimate a minimal impact from foreign exchange. From an operating expense standpoint, we continue to expect growth to be at the low end of a low double digits range versus a year ago on a currency neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. Acquisitions are forecasted to increase the OpEx growth rate for the year by approximately 5 ppt, while we expect a minimal impact from foreign exchange. Now turning to the second quarter of 2025, year-over-year net revenue growth is expected to be at the low teens range on a currency neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. Acquisitions are forecasted to have a 1 to 1.5 ppt impact to this growth rate, while we expect a minimal impact from foreign exchange for the quarter. From an operating expense standpoint, we expect Q2 growth to be at the low end of a low double digits range versus a year ago, again on a currency neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. Acquisitions are forecasted to have a 4 to 5 ppt impact to this OpEx growth, while we expect a minimal impact from foreign exchange for the quarter. Other items to keep in mind. On other income and expenses, in Q2, we expect an expense of approximately $135 million, given the prevailing interest rates and debt levels. This excludes gains and losses on our equity investments, which are excluded from our non-GAAP metrics. This expense is higher than the first quarter, primarily due to three factors. First, Q1 benefited from a one-time interest income impact related to a tax matter. Second, we expect interest income to decrease in the second quarter due to an expected lower average cash balance. And third, we expect incremental interest expense in Q2 related to our recent debt issuance. Finally, we expect our non-GAAP tax rate to be at the 20% to 20.5% range for both Q2 and the full year, based on the current geographic mix of our business. As a reminder, the Q1 tax rate was lowered due to discrete tax benefits related to share-based payments in the first quarter. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Devin.
Devin Corr : Thank you, Sachin. Thank you, Michael. Audra, you may now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Harshita Rawat at Bernstein.
Harshita Rawat: Sachin, can you give us more color on the composition of a cross-border business? I know you said no cross-border corridor is more than 3% of volume. Is it fair to say that travel is about two-thirds e-commerce remainder, and within e-commerce is the bulk of it e-retails? I'm just trying to get a sense of like U.S. inbound overall on travel and income. Thank you.
Sachin Mehra : Sure, Harshita. So, just a little bit of color. One of the reasons why we wanted to kind of share that statistic, which I did, which was around the fact that no cross-border corridor pair is greater than 3% of total cross-border volume in 2024 was essentially to share with you that we have a very diversified portfolio. There is no over-dependence on any one corridor pair, which actually is going to influence our numbers one way or the other. So, that's kind of point number one. The second thing I'll mention to you is I think we had shared some statistics back a few years ago as it relates to what our mix of cross-border travel is vis-à-vis cross-border -- travel, and this was back, I think it was during the COVID timeframe, where we had mentioned that card-not present and card present cross-border was roughly half and a half, and one-third of the card not present was travel-related. So, we've kind of given you some general sense on that, and you should assume with a business of our size that things generally tend not to move around big time over the course of a couple of years as it relates to the mix. So, that's generally what we kind of shared with you there. As it relates to the card not present X travel component, you can see some really solid growth there. You can see that in the metrics that we've got here. And look, I mean, when COVID happened, COVID changed a lot of things, right? I mean, the world went more digital, merchants went more omnichannel, more people were shopping online, and this was true both in the domestic environment as well as in the cross-border environment, and you've kind of seen that sustained growth come through even now. So, net-net, what I tell you is I feel pretty good about how our portfolio is positioned. We continue to stay very focused in growing our portfolio, which is cross-border focused, for all the right reasons. Not every portfolio is going to be the ones we'll go after, but the ones we do go after, we see good, promise for growth, and you're seeing that come through in the metrics which we've shared with you.
Operator: We'll move next to Andrew Jeffery at Truist Securities.
Andrew Jeffrey: Hi. William Blair these days, fortunately. Thanks for taking the question. I appreciate it. I wonder if I could dig in a little bit on the economics of your tokenized offerings. Michael, I think you said they're 35%, I guess, I'm assuming, card not present transactions have token, are now tokenized. Can you just speak to where you think that number can go and what that means economically for Mastercard over the next several years?
Michael Miebach: Right. First of all, this is our approach around tokenization, very important technology, drives more security, makes a user experience, and we wanted to scale this. I gave you a stat earlier that 35% of our switch transactions are now tokenized. So initially the strategy was put it out there and get a base level offering across the world. And we said, okay, let's start to build solutions on top of our tokenization platform, and we put in life cycle management and the likes, and we started to price for that because that is additional value that we put out and we've seen the benefit of three quarters of that pricing from our international market. So that is where we are today and we're going to continue to monitor that as great demand and tokenization. I gave you an update that even in China, we built a locally-based developed solution to drive the same kind of impact in China for us. When you start to think about where we are going, as we were talking about Agentic commerce, where, again, token technology is at the center of that, you can start to see there's a lot of value created and you know how our pricing strategies, we always strive to recoup some of our investments and share in the value that we create for our customers, so that's the broad direction.
Operator: We'll go next to Tien-tsin Huang at JPMorgan.
Tien Huang: Hey, good morning, Michael, Sachin, and Devin. I want great results, of course, especially on the growth side. I just want to dig into the operating expenses and the cadence there. Sachin, I think you said slow start to some spending. I just want to understand the cadence a little bit more and what's discretionary versus non-discretionary growth versus maintenance, and I think there's some one-timers for Recorded Future integration, so I just want to better understand that given it's running double digits overall. Thanks.
Sachin Mehra : Sure, Tien-tsin. So on OpEx, like I mentioned, operating expense in the first quarter came in slightly lower than what we had originally anticipated, primarily due to the cadence point that you're mentioning out here, which is specifically as it relates to there's several areas in which we were expecting to actually incur expense in the first quarter. For example, in A&M, we were expecting -- A&M being advertising and marketing, which I know you know, was expected to be higher. It came in slightly lower. Again, it's not because we're not going to do the spend, it's just a question of timing based on when sponsorships take place, when we have to activate around those sponsorships, when we do the media around those sponsorships. So, that's kind of one area. But in addition to that, right, we do expect from a cadence standpoint that as the year continues, that you will see, particularly in the second half, an increase in operating expenses which will take place because we do have plans to make investments and there are several areas which we will make investments on, such as investing in the great secular opportunity that Michael was talking about, right? I mean, we've got this opportunity in front of us. We believe it's there in several markets across the globe. We do plan to invest in frontline resources to actually happen to that opportunity and that will be one area. The second area I would tell you is around hardening of infrastructure, right? This is something as a payment network which is really important. It's important that we continue to invest in our infrastructure in order to deliver to our customers what our customers expect from us. So, that'll be another area where we focus from an expense standpoint. And finally, I'll mention that we continue to see good growth from a services standpoint and we'll continue to invest in areas from a services standpoint, from a product development and capabilities perspective. So, several areas. The cadence is, like you said, it was a little lower in the first quarter. We expect it to ramp up as we go through the remainder of the year. We've given you guidance on operating expenses for the second quarter. So, I think you can back into what we expect in the second half based on what I've given you in full year guidance and what you kind of now have visibility for the first half of the year. On your question on Recorded Future, again, we've shared with you what we think the impact of two acquisitions would be which is Recorded Future and Minna. And Recorded Future being the larger of the two. And just as a reference point, at the last earnings call we had shared with you on these acquisitions that roughly 2.5 percentage points of the growth we are talking about from acquisitions is run rate expenses. That is the expense to run the business. Approximately 1% relates to the amortization of intangibles and the remaining relates to one-time integration costs and other expenses which we have to incur in a one-time nature standpoint. And nothing's changed from what we shared with you three months ago.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Sanjay Sakhrani at KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thank you, good morning. Michael, Sachin, this might be a question for both of you. I know you're seeing resilience on the part of the consumer but I'm just curious if you just peel back the onion a little bit. Is there anything that you're seeing that concerns you in terms of the health and the consumer and spending habits, especially with tariffs and such? I know like this quarter seemed to come in a little bit stronger than expected but you're not revising the outlook. Just want to make sure that there's nothing. Is that just prudence or something you're seeing? Thanks.
Michael Miebach: Let me start off and then Sachin always has plenty of detail to deep dive in. So overall, I mean, first of all, we have a very unique lens on consumer spending. This is across the world. So we have regional data to look at and I'll give you some highlights around that. The second thing is for us, we obviously look for trends and see what matters to consumers. And some of the fundamental truths that we put out into our 2025 economic outlook that we issued through the Mastercard Economics Institute was that we expect the consumer to remain engaged, that we expect the consumer to appreciate experiences and spend experiences. And the one thing that's to be said about an engaged consumer, it also means it's a consumer that is leveraging all the tools that the digital economy offers the consumer in terms of finding what's the best deal, looking for the best deal. So it's not so much about spending up and down but it's also the choices. I don't think we're connected. So the engaged consumer is using all the tools of the digital economy to make expense decisions and decide between discretionary and non-discretionary spending. So that's overall, none of this has changed. In our data, we don't really see significant upfront, upfronting of spending. So that's not a trend that came through. That was a specific angle of your question. If I look across the board, this hasn't shown in any of the regions. In the US, we see generally stable spending. Europe, a bit more of a challenging environment but also generally spending. In Asia, if you look at another big region there, China came in a little bit ahead of what they said, what they initially had projected on their economic growth. And here we see tremendous spending coming through our data but it's really driven by share gain which is also something always to distinguish. So overall, nothing particularly concerning at this point in time. The headline of our trends has generally remained stable is very much spot on.
Sachin Mehra : Yes, Sanjay, I'll just add a couple of points here. You basically kind of talked about the beat in Q1. So a couple of things which I wanted to share with you. The beat in Q1 was primarily driven by two factors. One was higher levels of FX volatility and lower rebates and incentives than what our expectations were. And so when I kind of think about that and I think about the implications of the full year, I perfectly will expect that rebates and incentives because it's a timing issue as far as I'm concerned will actually occur as the year goes along. We continue to remain very active in the market. We're going to continue to do the deals we need to do as part of that process. And as you and I both know, the FX volatility is super hard to predict. So you had the tailwind from FX volatility in Q1 and that's what we've got. Other point I'll mention to you is you asked about what is the impact in addition to what Michael just mentioned. What we are seeing is inbound into the U.S. and in terms of cross-border travel, you are seeing some level of moderation take place there, no question about it. And this has been particularly true in the latter half of Q1 and going into the first four weeks of April. That being said, what you are seeing is what is not coming into the U.S. is going into other regions. So this is where the beauty of the diversified business model comes into play. So you are seeing actually better trends in terms of cross-border, for example, in Europe, for example, in the Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific. And so again, that's why when you look at the numbers in the macro, it shows you stability, but there are puts and takes which take place as part of the process. And as I mentioned, right, our concentration to any one currency quarter is less than 3% as it was in 2024. So I feel pretty good about the diversified nature of the business. Time will tell where the world takes us. I mean, obviously there's a level of uncertainty and risk which is out there, which we stand ready to actually not only monitor, but act on as appropriate.
Michael Miebach: So we will monitor the tariff side of the equation, but we will continue to monitor job creation. We will monitor employment rates and we will monitor wage growth, which are on the other side of the coin. So that's the approach. Stay close and see where it goes and have the right solutions for our customers.
Operator: We'll move next to Adam Frisch at Evercore ISI.
Adam Frisch: Hey guys, good to be back with you. Two questions I had for you this morning. One, the potential impact of a Cap One Discover deal. Trying to quantify the potential, let's just take the worst case scenario to get that off the table. If their debit portfolio were to leave you guys, how should we think about that impact to your financials? And then the second question, and that was the worst case scenario. And then the second question is, how does China factor into being a contributor to your revenue projections in the near term? Is that still relatively small and not a major source or is it growing in importance in your future near term projections? Thank you.
Sachin Mehra : Hey Adam, welcome back. So on your question around Cap One and Discover, look, I mean, like I mentioned in last earnings call, right, the guide we've given you as it relates to our full year numbers contemplate our best estimate of what we think the impact of that transaction will be. I think Capital One has been fairly clear about their desire to migrate the debit portfolio over to the Discover network. And that's very much contemplated in what we're thinking about in terms of our outlook for the year. Again, there's a level of uncertainty associated with the timing. And the reason I say that is because the transaction's been approved, it still needs to go through a period of getting into activity to actually make stuff happen there. So we'll keep you updated if there's any meaningful change relative to our expectations as we built into our portfolio guide on the Capital One Discover transaction.
Michael Miebach: On your question, so just one point. So the relationship with Capital One has been a strong one for a number of years. We've grown together in the market. There are areas now in this setup where we'll continue to have a strong relationship. You have both organizations talk about that. At the same time, there might be areas where we compete going forward. But that is not unique. We have many examples. You look in the acquiring space, for example, where we have great strategic partnerships on one hand, and there will be certain aspects of our business where we compete. So we continue to expect a strong relationship with Discover.
Sachin Mehra : Sorry, actually with Capital One. And then on your question, about China, look, I mean, I think we've shared previously what our exposure to China was as it relates to both inbound and outbound from a cross-border revenue standpoint. The lion's share of our revenue exposure to China is around cross-border. We do generate some amount of assessment revenue on our domestic volumes, which are there. So net-net, what I would tell you is the impact on revenues of the joint venture is still pretty small. I mean, it's still in ramp mode. It's still in invest mode, I would say, where we're investing in building out the programs Michael talked about and the acceptance infrastructure, so on and so forth. But then as it relates to the business we've always had as it relates to China, around cross-border and on domestic, it's been fairly small. Again, going back to the diversification team we've been talking about. We continue to do what we need to do in terms of driving that business. Just one data point I'd share with you as it relates to cross-border inbound and outbound from China, because this is something which people can attract. And we follow this closely as well. Cross-border travel volume inbound into China is now north of 100% of pre-COVID levels, slightly north of 100%. And then outbound, the same metric outbound from China is running in the mid-80s, close to approximately 85% of pre-COVID levels. So just in case you're interested in understanding what the recovery path might look like when we're going forward with this.
Michael Miebach: Now finally, to add, we now have the full tool set there. I mentioned tokenization capabilities. Obviously, the force to participate in contactless and online transactions there. Now earlier there was a question about your external environment. We've obviously closely monitored US-China relationships and all of this.
Operator: We'll move next to Trevor Williams at Jefferies.
Trevor Williams: Great, thanks very much. I just wanted to follow up on the full year guide. Sachin, if you could talk to, directionally at least, what you're building in for the rest of the year across switch volume and cross-border. You've talked about lapping citizens and how that's a dynamic to keep in mind, but if there's any other underlying deceleration assumed relative to the current run rates when we kind of normalize for the holiday timing in March and April, and then just any comment on kind of what you're assuming for FX volatility. Thanks very much.
Sachin Mehra : Sure, Trevor. So a few thoughts for you on that. One, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we continue to assume our base case is that there's a strong consumer which continues to persist, right. I mean, that's what the fact and the data show us so far. And while there's a level of uncertainty, which we talked about, but that's what the current data is. So the base case is that the strength in consumer spending continues. In terms of items which are unique to this year as we kind of go through the year, one is the fact which you mentioned, which is the lapping of the wins we had last year, which is going to start to come through as the year progresses. It started in Q1, it'll continue at a more accelerated pace in Q2, and then it'll go on for the quarters to come, just because that's kind of, that's the good news. Because you want portfolios, you've got the revenue associated with that, but it does actually take down growth rate on a year-over-year basis. The other thing which you'll see is the lapping of certain amounts of pricing which was put in place last year. So that'll also start to come through as the year progresses. And the last point I'd make is around, I mentioned earlier about R&I and about how we had lower R&I in the first quarter, and that we expect for that to be something which will play out as the year progresses, because we can view that more as timing than anything else. So that should be very much part of how you're thinking about what we factored into the guide. And the last point I'd mention is around FX volatility. On FX volatility, you will remember that last year in Q4, there were pretty high levels of FX volatility. So there's a tougher comp this year. I have no idea what FX volatility is going to look like. We do our best estimate in terms of what we think will happen, but again, I am proven wrong every day by my team about where that is going to actually show up, both to the upside and the downside. So we do our best estimates around that, we put that into our guide, and again, our guide's a range, right? So that's why we give you a range. And so you should actually think about it in that manner.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Darrin Peller at Wolfe Research.
Darrin Peller: Hey guys, thanks. Can we just touch for a minute on pricing? I know you talked about tough comps into the second half on pricing, given some moves you made last year around, I think it was cross-border into organization. But when we think about the opportunities you have now into the second half, maybe just give us a sense of the level. Is it something that you see instituting new price opportunities that could be somewhat similar to what you did over the second half last year as the year progresses, even if it's not timed exactly? And then maybe just more holistically, what areas are you providing the value at that you think you can take more price from that you're most excited about on that front? Maybe in the backdrop of what the competitive dynamics look like these days. Thanks again, guys.
Michael Miebach: All right, Darren. So pricing. The first thing to put out there is it's obviously a competitive market. And we generally price to market, more importantly, we price the value that we provide. And I believe we provide value across the whole range of our offerings. That's on the payment solutions, as well as on the value-added services and solutions range of products that we put out there. So we will all continuously look for ways to recoup some of the investments and price for the value due. On the price, on the payment side generally, the expectation should be as payments become more efficient and perform better, that is an indicator of where the value is generated. On the value-added solutions and services, the approach really is to say, let's say on safety and security, what is the reduction in fraud that a customer can expect? And those are some of the indicators that we use to actually, when we sell these products, to talk to our customers, well, here's the value you can expect. And then the same is for the customer engagement and insights tools, where again, we say, you can engage your customer so much better, therefore the ROI on your marketing spend is going to be improved. And that is what we do. So to your question, Darren, it's across the board. We will continue to look for those opportunity as a matter of course, as we run our business. There is no specific spikes or events planned into our outlook on that.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Timothy Chiodo at UBS.
Timothy Chiodo: Great, thank you. I want to talk a little bit about wins and migration in general, as it relates to unit economics and some of the incentives timing, just because it's topical, given some of the lapping and conversions and whatnot. On the beginning of a contract, so we understand on the beginning, and there's sort of a fixed component of R&I that hits before the portfolio fully ramps. And then on the end of a contract, when something is about to be converted away or migrated away, like in the case of Capital One, we understand that sometimes the incentives can be either turned off or diminished during that time period. I was just hoping you could talk a little bit about the beginning and the end of those contracts in terms of incentives, the fix, the variable component, and add any context there.
Sachin Mehra : Sure, so I think you got it right, as it relates to, when we get into a contract, and every contract's different, but when we get into a contract, we typically are incentivizing our customers to bring volume onto the system, right? That's kind of the starting point. And that could be a combination of fixed incentives or variable incentives, or both. And more often than not, it's both. And there's rebates as well, and rebates are just a component of, when I say incentives, just think about it as rebates and incentives in totality. The way it works is the variable component varies with volume. It's as simple as that, right? As volumes occur, you pay the related rebates and incentives, there are adjustments which take place to that, because you have to make projections as to what you think your volume outlook is going to be, and you actually accrue your incentives on that basis. On the fixed component, the amortization of fixed incentives commences when programs launch. That's kind of when it starts, and they're typically straight-lined over the life of the contract, right? The second part of your question is, at the end of the contract, what happens? And the answer to that is, it depends on the customer, and it depends on the dialogue we're having with the customer. And the reason I bring that up is, to the extent there's an opportunity, let's say there's a contract which is expiring, and we don't end up renewing it. But if there are, let's say, three other opportunities which we could have with that customer, you might actually end up in a situation where you're having a negotiation around, we're not going to get what we had in the past, so we're only going to get a portion of what we had in the past, but we're going to get three other things as part of the deal. And so, you actually will have a brand new negotiation which will take into consideration not only the incentives you're going to pay on the new volume you get, but also leverage a portion of what might be coming off in the nature of incentives you don't have to pay on the contract which you're sending. So, I'll give you an example. Back in, I think it was the middle of, sometime in 2014, 2015, right, when we started to migrate volume off of our network as it relates to Chase. At that point in time, there was a period of time when we went back to rack rates. In other words, we weren't paying incentives on the volumes there, right? There have been other instances where we've lost portfolios on one side, but won other portfolios, where you kind of leverage your dialogue with the customer to have the benefit of being able to have a continuity which is there. So, you're not always going to see the ramp-up take place in terms of going to rack rates. It also depends, by the way, on the timing, right? Depending on what level of readiness the customer has got from a migration standpoint. So, the customer, at the end of the contract needs, call it a year, a year and a half, two years, right? You might have an opportunity to actually work with the customer to try and see if there are opportunities there as well to either win new portfolios and or potentially go to rack rates. So, I know I'm not giving you the kind of answer you're looking for, which is give me an answer as to whether it's one or the other. It depends, right?
Michael Miebach: And when you look at our relationships, earlier I was referencing in my prepared remarks the term of strategic partnerships and that's exactly how we look at it. It's not just a relationship. So, if we grew with somebody in consumer payments, you know we have a real big focus on commercial new payment flows and this is how we toggle that. It's a long-term view in all cases. And the one other thing I would say is just remind everybody about the virtuous cycle of growth. More the payment volume. It's always in focus for us. It's going to power more data and more data allows us to drive more services. So, that is the other lens that we take when we look at all of this.
Operator: We'll move next to Craig Moore at FT Partners.
Unidentified Analyst : Yes, hi, thanks for taking the questions. Wanted to ask as we look to help investors think about assets that can outperform in a slowing environment, I wanted to ask you guys what you thought were the idiosyncratic pieces of your business that might allow you to perform better than peers or competitors as things slow. What are the unique assets you have that could perform better in a slowing environment versus others? Thanks.
Michael Miebach: Right, great question. And I want to anchor it on the nature of our highly diversified business. And that is an answer that I would have given you even if you had asked after growth areas in fast-growing environments and not only in slow-growing environments because the diversification helps us both ways. And I think that's important. Clearly, the economic picture isn't always even across the world. So, we keep both of that in mind. Now, another important aspect about our business is having payments and having a secular trend where payments move from cash and checks into digital is an underlying powerful secular trend that continues. And in ups and downs, economic ups and downs, this will continue. In fact, if you look into the commercial space, more and more firms are right now going and pushing digitized payments and particularly card payments because they provide them more data. So, they can use that data to better serve their customers, optimize their processes or improve their working capital usage. So, here's an underlying powerful trend that survives the up and down of the overall economic picture at any given moment as a medium to long-term trend. And there's other such trends that we have very specifically targeted for our services solutions. Take cybersecurity. We're in a world where the fraudsters, the scammers, the phishers are using artificial intelligence as much as we do. And this is a constant battle. And our customers are seeing that, financial institutions are seeing that, governments are seeing that. So, if anything, the rise of cybersecurity, the need for cybersecurity measures has increased. So, powerful underlying trend. And then the last thing I should say is all of the, pretty much all of our solutions do one thing for our customers. They provide more data for them to run their business better and make better decisions. Now, in a world of up and down cycles, you understand your customer better. You want to understand how you put possibly different solutions out there than you otherwise have. You want to understand how you perform against your competitor with even more rigor than before. And that is where we can help. That's another powerful trend. Cybersecurity, data insights, and the underlying secular opportunity. Those are, in addition to the fact that we are across discretionary, non-discretionary spend, that we are across literally every part of the world, makes this a very, very well-diversified business in challenging economic times, but also in fast-growing times.
Operator: We'll go next to Bryan Keane at Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane: Yes, good morning. Sachin, I wanted to ask high level, we were at net revenue growth of 16% in the fourth quarter, and we actually increased a point to 17% in the first quarter, despite a little bit of a volume slowdown. Part of that is due to leap years, you said. But the net revenue growth maintained at that high level. And it looks like transaction processing yields in particular jumped a little bit higher. How much, can you help us explain despite volumes going down to make sure we understand the growth that was maintained, or even up-ticked a point into the first quarter? And it doesn't sound like FX vol would be all of it. And then just thinking about going forward into the second quarter, if some of those benefits, volume to revenue and yields will continue. Thanks.
Sachin Mehra : Sure. So, I think you kind of touched upon the answer to the question right there, which is the lift you saw in Q1 was driven by two factors. One is the FX volatility point, which you just raised. I mean, it was volatility levels were actually really high in the first quarter, and that certainly contributed. And then the second was the point I made earlier in the call around our rebates and incentives came in lower than expected in the first quarter, which we expect will happen later in the year, but that's what we kind of saw come through. The second part of your question as to and remember also that 17% number actually has the impact of acquisitions in there. So you have to actually do it like kind from Q4 to Q1, with and without acquisitions. Then as it relates to your question about Q1 versus Q2, the things to keep in mind out there are, there is a ramp up of the lapping of various wins we had last year, which again, I spoke about. There's lapping of pricing, which is taking place. And the reality is FX vols are really hard to predict, right? I'll tell you in the early part of April you had decently high FX vols. We factored that into our thinking, which we've shared with you. And then they started to taper off. Now, I don't know if they're going to go up again or come down again. We put our best estimates together and that's how we think about it.
Devin Corr : It's time for one more question, Audra.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take that question from Paul Golding at Macquarie.
Paul Golding: Thanks so much. It seems based on the commentary that there's been added focus on crypto and enabling crypto tools. Just wanted to ask how you're thinking about the economics of incorporating those crypto partnerships. If you're seeing acceleration there and how that may or may not be impacting your relationship with traditional issuers as stable coin has become a bigger part of the story here in the last couple of quarters. Thanks so much.
Michael Miebach: All right. So this, it's a very interesting space. And you heard us talk about digital assets and blockchain-based technology for years. We've been investing, but it's also true that it hasn't been a tremendously big part of our business. We've seen the on-ramp and off-ramp part of facilitating investments into crypto assets and selling those investments for some time now. That was a fast-growing business, but the fundamental technology to put to work to optimize payments, for example, is something that's still relatively nascent. Stablecoins is also relatively nascent. Why is that? Because there isn't yet sufficient regulatory clarity. Now in the United States, we know there's two bills that are being discussed around this space. In Europe, lawmaking is going on around this space, so we feel the ecosystem is ready. We have been engaging with partners in the financial institution side, to your question, to put out some pilots, particularly in the wholesale space. There are private sector initiatives on stablecoins. One thing that's for sure true is if you look at the role that we play today in the traditional card payment space is we establish safety and security standards. We provide interoperability. You think about a world of stablecoins, so you can start to see there's a natural role emerging, yet again, for somebody like us, who can provide trusted interoperability solutions, safety and security standards, and the need for our services across identity questions, AML, KYC, you name it, across the board. So it's a space that's still emerging at this point in time. We mentioned our multi-token network. How will the economic model look like at this point in time? Early to say. It has to settle. We have to see how it grows once we have the regulatory clarity. Personally, I'm quite excited about it. Payment innovation is something that the U.S. government has in focus, and many others do as well, and we're a trusted partner in that space.
Devin Corr : The closing comments, Michael?
Michael Miebach: The closing comment is I'm delighted that Sachin and I are together in one room in New York again. We haven't had that for a long time, so that's fantastic. And of course, I do want to thank everybody at Mastercard for all the hard work that you do to produce such a strong quarter. We're looking into the new year with optimism, into the rest of the year with optimism. I'm going to push on and speak to you in a quarter from now. Thank you very much.
Devin Corr : Thank you very much.
Sachin Mehra : Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Julianne and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the MasterCard Incorporated Q4 and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you, Mr. Devon Kaur, head of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Devin Corr: Thank you, Julianne. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2024 earnings call. With me today are Michael Miebach, our Chief Executive Officer; and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Michael and Sachin, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I'd like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I will now turn the call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Michael Miebach.
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Devin. Good morning, everyone. We finished the year strong. Fourth quarter net revenues were up 16% and adjusted net income up 19% versus a year ago on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis. Our diverse capabilities in payments and services and solutions, including the acquisition of Recorded Future this quarter set us apart. They also position us well for long-term growth, as we outlined at our Investor Day. And this is what you will see and the new and expand the partnerships we will discuss this morning. The macroeconomic environment continues to perform well, and it is underpinned by healthy consumer spending as we've seen in today's news. The labor market is strong with low unemployment and continued wage growth. Inflation has moderated, but to varying degrees across categories and countries. Consumers remain engaged. Affluent consumers have benefited from the wealth effect, while the mass segment remains supported by the labor market. Our e-commerce institute expects a year of global economic expansion in 2025, defined by shifts in monetary and fiscal policy, or by geopolitical concerns remain. Overall, we remain positive about our growth outlook. We will continue to monitor the external environment and stand ready to adjust if needed. We remain hyper focused on successfully executing on what we can control. Our strategic priorities, which fuel our growth algorithm. We laid out in detail at our Investor Day, those three strategic priority areas include consumer payments, commercial and new payment flows and services and solutions. A clear proof point on how we're executing is our steady drumbeat of share wins across products and geographies. Now I often highlight our larger wins on these calls with you, but it's important to note that our local teams are competing for and winning deals of all sizes based on the differentiated value that we provide. Having a diverse portfolio with customers of all types is essential. It allows us to further expand our customer base and enables us to bake into new areas where we can partner and grow together. In 2024, we flipped or expanded hundreds of relationships globally. Let's first focus on the U.S. where we have won several large flips over the last few years. That momentum continued this quarter. ICBA payments, which serves thousands of community banks will significantly expand its partnership with Mastercard. This includes card issuance across their partner banks spreaded and debit portfolios. In Mid-Florida, a large credit union will migrate their credit and debit portfolios to us. Both partners highlighted our differentiated product suite, analytics capabilities and the expertise of our people as a key in their decision to expand their relationship with Mastercard. In the public sector space, we renewed our long-standing relationship supporting the Direct Express program, one of the largest social benefit card programs in the world. Direct Express disperses benefits, including social security, veterans and disability on to Mastercards held by over 3 million Americans. And the momentum also continues into travel and retail verticals. Porter Airlines and Bank of Montreal, will launch a new co-brand program with us in Canada. In the U.S., we renewed our consumer and small business co-brand credit card partnership with IHG and Chase. They will leverage our data analytics and loyalty assets to enhance their value proposition. And we renewed our co-brand partnership with Sam's Club, we will continue to leverage our products and services. Our success extends across all regions with several significant renewals and expansions. We secured long-term exclusivity on debit with Saudi National Bank. We renewed and strengthened our partnership with Nubank. We've extended our relationship with Banco Santander in the U.K., and we successfully renewed our global premier credit card agreement with HSBC in over 20 countries. All these wins are a result of the successful execution of the strategic priorities we discussed at Investor Day. I will share a few highlights on each area, starting with consumer payments. Now these flows represent a long runway of opportunity for sustained growth. Today, there's over $11 trillion and 1.5 trillion transactions and cash and check around the world. We are capitalizing on the significant secular opportunity by expanding acceptance, reimagining checkout, opening closed-loop systems and enabling new verticals. First up, we're positioned to be the most accepted payments network in the world with around 150 million acceptance locations globally today. Second, we are reimagining checkout. And that with our 2030 global plan to phase out manual card and password entry online in favor of smiles and fingerprints. Not only is that a better experience, but it's also more secure and is fully aligned with our data privacy principles. And the online space needs that. Fraud rates are 7 times higher online and in store. And approximately 25% of online shopping cards are abandoned because checkout is just too slow. Our tokenization biometric capabilities sit at the heart of these solutions. Need proof? Well, in 2024, we tokenized about 4 billion transactions per month, which is up 40 times over the past 6 years. As we have said in the past, there are many use cases for tokens. Take, for example, the next click of our multi-option payment solutions. We're rolling out the Mastercard 1 credential, which allows consumers the flexibility and control to set their payment preferences in their banking app for each transaction, if they so choose to, be it credit, debit, prepaid or buy now pay later, all behind one credential one token. And the merchant the merchant accepts that through the same simple and secure digital connections as always, no added work. Tokens provide tremendous value, and we offer a set of services on and around those tokens such as life cycle management and authentication, which enhance that value. Now while the growth of token makes the ecosystem safer and more secure, we also benefit on the natural tailwind associated with the growth of token usage. Shifting gears. We're also driving incremental volume and transactions on our network by opening up closed-loop systems. Beyond the transit opportunities we talked about many times, we're also partnering with local wallet providers to create greater simplicity and access for the end consumer. In Sweden, we're working with Swish so that users can tap to pay and store both domestically and abroad by adding their Mastercard to the Swiss app. In Latin America, we collaborated with Davivienda to co-create a digital-first debit product aimed at driving financial inclusion. We signed an exclusive partnership with them to launch the product on the DaviPlata digital app. And our pay local service seamlessly connects with local digital wallets, enabling consumers who use Mastercard to make card payments across a broader set of local merchants. At the same time, merchants benefit from access to more consumers and the protections we provide. The solution supports local tourism, that market that we travel to where we couldn't pay, provides a seamless consumer experience and helps drive cross-border volumes. Building on partnerships with leading wallet providers like Alipay and GrabPay, several additional players in Asia Pacific will now open their wallets to cards. This include Dana in Indonesia, Touch & Go in Malaysia, Bakong in Cambodia and Lanka Pay in Sri Lanka. We're also capturing new verticals like consumer bill payments. This quarter, we partnered with Bemobi in Brazil. Bemobi will integrate Click to Pay into their bill payment platform, enabling fast and secure payments for recurring services like telecoms and utilities. Now as a network company, we're focused on enabling the broader ecosystem, and that's exactly what we have been doing in the crypto sector. We have a well-planned, balanced strategy that serves financial institution, crypto players and, of course, consumers to drive growth and provide choice in this space. We're partnering with a wide range of crypto players to enable consumers to buy cryptocurrencies on card and spend their crypto balances anywhere that Mastercard is accepted. I'm very excited about new partnerships with Crypto.com and Metamask. Just a few of the many new players we have added in 2024. And we're enthusiastic about the future of block chain technology, but to reach its full potential, we believe there's a need for sound governance interoperability and real-world use cases. All this is a core competency of ours built over decades. To meet these needs, we develop the multi token network, MTN. This quarter, we partnered with Conexus by JPMorgan, the firm's block chain base unit to integrate MTN as a payment settlement solution. By bringing together the power and connectivity of Mastercard's MTN with Conexus digital payments, we aim to unlock greater speed, transparency and faster settlement capabilities for cross-border B2B payments. And while it's early days, we're excited about the opportunities, which digital assets can bring to the world of payments as the space evolves, complementing our existing solutions. Now while consumer payments offer a significant runway for growth, commercial flows represent an even larger $80 trillion serviceable addressable market. Only about $3 trillion is carted today. In 2024, our commercial credit and debit volumes represented 13% of our total GDV and grew at 11% year-over-year on a local currency basis, just to give you the latest stats. On top of that, disbursements and remittances represent an additional $20 trillion in addressable market. We're pursuing that opportunity with Mastercard Move, where transactions were up over 40% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. But let's dig into commercial. First, we're expanding our global leadership in virtual cards by expanding across use cases, geographies and verticals. For example, partnering with Net Narest [ph] to distribute our new mobile VCN to U.K. companies and their employees. We're deploying virtual cards with Citi in Argentina, the first deployment of ECN in that market. And then in the travel vertical we established new partnerships with Worldpay and Emirates NBD to offer virtual cards to their customers. We're also leaning into our success in travel and applying into new high-potential verticals. For example, trade and logistics. Building on our previous announcement of Dubai First World, we're driving continued growth in this sector. Global Fintech invoice Bazar will distribute new co-branded Mastercards to help digitize payments across the trade ecosystem. And similar in consumer packaged goods, we partner with Dean [ph] Finance and Prime Dash to enable small business in the Middle East to automate payments to Coca-Cola distributors. This builds on partnerships with leading beverage distributors in Latin America that I spoke about in previous calls. They have good momentum on connecting small business in this space. We're also driving small business growth through expanded issuer partnerships. We signed an exclusive commercial deal with DNA, the state-owned bank in Argentina, AMP Bank in Australia will launch Mastercard debit cards for the new digital SME and consumer bank and ANT International's World first will expand our partnership to now issue virtual cards for SMEs and new markets, including Singapore and Australia. Now let me turn to our third strategic priority, Services and Solutions. As we outlined at our Investor Day, services represent a serviceable addressable market of at least $165 billion. We delivered almost $11 billion in services and solutions revenue in 2024, $11 billion. That's exciting. But it's equally exciting that we're less than 7% penetrated. That's a significant runway for growth. We have a clear plan to execute against it. First, we're developing and launching differentiated products. This quarter, we launched new services to support customer acquisition, provide unique market insights, manage subscriptions and identify threats. This includes closing on the acquisitions of both Minna Technology and Recorded Future. Let's stay right there. Cyber criminals have been around for decades, but attacks and fraud attempts are increasing at high levels as commerce increasingly move online and as AI becomes more prevalent. Our investments, both organic and inorganic, are key to fighting fraud and protecting the ecosystem. They also drive revenue growth. And add Recorded Future to this list. It is now part of Mastercard. Recorded Future is the world's largest threat intelligence company with more than 1,900 customers across 75 countries. Customers include over 50% of the Fortune 100 and government agencies in 45 countries, including more than half of the G20. We've been deploying AI at scale for well over a decade, so has Recorded Future. They leverage AI-powered insights to analyze threat data from every corner of the Internet and customers gain real-time visibility and actionable insights to proactively reduce risks. We now have an even more robust set of powerful intelligence, identity, dispute, fraud and scan prevention solutions. Together, these uniquely differentiated technologies will enable us to create smarter models, distribute these capabilities more broadly and help our customers anticipate threats before cyber-attacks can take place. That means better protection for governments, businesses, banks, consumers the entire ecosystem and well beyond the payment transactions. We're also leveraging our distribution at scale to deepen market penetration of our services and solutions. For example, we provide a fraud solution that facilitates real-time information sharing between merchants, issuers and consumers to streamline disputes and reduce chargebacks. This quarter, we announced a new partnership with Stripe who will offer these capabilities to their millions of users. In Latin America, Itaú Unibanco will make them available across its digital channels to suborn millions of cardholders. In Loyalty, we partnered with Nordea to consolidate their loyalty offerings with Mastercard and launch new cashback offers across Norway and Sweden. And we're also selling into new buying centers with traditional customers, opening up a larger share of wallet. For example, you partner with the CISO at Webster Bank to deploy RiskRecon and Cyber Quant solutions. And finally, we're seeing strong demand for our services and solutions across a more diverse customer base, including online delivery services, gaming companies and travel partners. For example, we expanded our partnership with DoorDash, who will use our insights and analytics to optimize business performance globally. Sony PlayStation. We leverage our capabilities to showcase digital receipt to cardholders and banking apps and provide purchase information to bank's call center agents. In currency we’ll incorporate our open banking capabilities to support Hilton's new debit co-brand offering. Services and Solutions are a large and growing revenue opportunity. They are essential, powerful virtuous cycle with our payments. We're laser-focused on executing capitalized on the significant runway in services in front of us. So in summary, we delivered another strong quarter, closed out another strong year. There is significant opportunity ahead. The fundamentals of our business are strong, so I'm very optimistic about the future for us, for us here at Mastercard. Our proven growth algorithm and differentiated solutions position us to deliver and to win as we've demonstrated time and time again. And with that, I'm going to hand it over to Sachin.
Sachin Mehra: Well, great. Thanks, Michael. Turning to Page 3, which shows our financial performance for the fourth quarter on a currency-neutral basis, excluding where applicable special items, and the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments. Net revenue was up 16%, reflecting continued growth in our payment network and our value-added services and solutions. Acquisitions had a minimal impact to this growth. Operating expenses increased to 15%, including a 1 ppt increase from acquisitions. And operating income was up 17%, which includes a minimal impact from acquisitions. Net income and EPS increased 19% and 22%, respectively, driven primarily by the strong operating income growth and further aided by a discrete tax benefit recognized in the fourth quarter. EPS was $3.82, which includes an $0.08 contribution from share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased $3.4 billion worth of stock and an additional $644 million through January 27, 2025. So let's turn to Page 4, where I'll speak to the growth rates of some of our key drivers for the fourth quarter on a local currency basis. Worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV, increased by 12% year-over-year. In the U.S., GDV increased by 9% with credit growth of 8% and debit growth of 11%. Credit and debit growth was aided by the conversions of the previously announced Wells Fargo Commercial Credit and Citizens debit migrations, respectively. Outside of the U.S., volume increased 13% with credit growth 11% and debit growth of 14%. Overall, cross-border volume increased 20% globally for the quarter, reflecting continued strong growth in both travel and non-travel related cross-border spending. Turning to Page 5. Switched transactions grew 11% year-over-year in Q4. Both card-present and card-not-present growth rates remained strong. Card present growth was aided in part by an increase in contactless penetration as contactless now represents approximately 72% of all in-person switched purchase transactions. In addition, card growth was 6%. Globally, there are 3.5 billion Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards issued. Turning now to Slide 6 for a look into our net revenue growth rates for the fourth quarter discussed on a currency-neutral basis. Payment Network net revenue increased 15%, primarily driven by domestic and cross-border transaction and volume growth. It also includes growth in rebates and incentives. Value-Added Services & Solutions net revenue increased 17%. Acquisitions contributed approximately half of PPT to this growth. Growth was primarily driven by growth in our underlying drivers, strong demand for our consumer acquisition and engagement and business and market inside services, the scaling of our security, digital and authentication solutions and pricing. Now let's turn to Page 7 to discuss key metrics related to the payment network. Again, all growth rates are described on a currency-neutral basis, unless otherwise noted. Looking at each key metric. Domestic assessments were up 10%, while worldwide GDV grew 12%. The difference is primarily driven by cross-border mix. Cross-border assessments increased 24%, while cross-border volumes increased 20%. The 4 ppt difference is primarily driven by pricing in international markets. Transaction processing assessments were up 15%, while switch transactions grew 11%. The 4 ppt difference is primarily due to favorable cross-border mix and pricing. Other network assessments were $239 million this quarter. As a reminder, these assessments primarily relate to licensing, implementation and other franchise fees, and they fluctuate from period to period. Moving on to Page 8. You can see that on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, excluding special items, total adjusted operating expenses increased 15%, which includes a 1 ppt impact from acquisitions. Total adjusted operating expenses were higher than anticipated, primarily due to the impact of the acquisition expenses. The acquisition of the Recorded Future closed earlier than expected in Q4 2024, versus originally expected in Q1 2025, and was therefore not part of our Q4 forecast. Excluding acquisitions, the growth in operating expenses was primarily due to increased spending to support the continued execution of our strategic initiatives. Now turning to Page 9, let me comment on the operating metric trends. Starting with Q4, our switched volume metrics were strong with sequential increases versus the prior quarter, driven by healthy consumer and commercial spending. As was the case with switched volumes, cross-border volumes also benefited from healthy spending, easier comps, as well as a pull forward of travel spend. Specific to cross-border, card not present ex travel, we saw an uptick due to the purchases of cryptocurrency in Q4. Of note, the timing of high-volume versus low-volume calendar days as well as the timing of Black Friday impacted switched volume and cross-border metrics within the quarter. Transaction growth remained flat sequentially as compared to volumes due to higher average ticket sizes in Q4. Now looking through the first 4 weeks of January, the metrics are holding up well and are generally in line with the fourth quarter. The increase in switched volume growth in the U.S. was primarily driven by an easier comp. Specifically, severe weather events across the country negatively impacted volumes this year and last year. However, the impact was more pronounced last year. As it relates to the decrease in intra-Europe cross-border volumes, this is primarily driven by the mix of calendar days and travel spend pull forward I just mentioned. Turning to Page 10. I wanted to share our thoughts on fiscal year 2025. Let me start by saying that the fundamentals of our business remain strong. And we are well positioned for the opportunities ahead, driven by a diversified business model, the significant opportunity for further secular shift to digital forms of payment in both consumer and commercial, and strong demand for our differentiated value-added services and solutions. The macro environment remains supportive of our base case, reflecting healthy consumer spending. And we remain confident in our ability to successfully execute our strategy while maintaining a disciplined capital planning approach. Overall, we are positive about the growth outlook for the short, medium and long term. As it relates to our expectations for full year 2025, we expect net revenues to grow at the high end of low double digits to low teens range on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. We estimate a headwind of approximately 2 ppt from foreign exchange, while acquisitions are expected to add 1 to 1.5 ppt to this growth rate for the year. From an operating expense standpoint, we expect growth to be at the low end of a low double digits range versus a year ago on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. We expect a tailwind of approximately 1 to 2 ppt from foreign exchange, while acquisitions are forecasted to increase the OpEx growth rate for the year by approximately 5 ppt. To be clear, this impact of acquisition-related expenses was already contemplated in the 3-year performance objectives that we shared with you last November at our Investor Community Meeting. Let's dig into the acquisition-related expenses a bit. We closed the acquisition of Recorded Future and Minna Technologies at the very end of 2024. And now we will see a full year impact in 2025. The 5 ppt impact can be broken down into three main components, slightly more than 2.5 ppt relates to the run rate expenses for operating the business. Approximately 1 ppt is from the amortization of acquired intangible assets related to the purchase price allocation, and the remaining relates to integration costs and other onetime expenses. Now let me remind you about our acquisition philosophy. As you know, our acquisitions are strategy-led. We purchased companies that are complementary to our capability suite and they add to our addressable market. These companies are primarily in earlier stages with modest revenues compared to Mastercard, albeit fast growing. At the same time, these companies are in investment mode to drive longer-term growth. Post-acquisition, we look to scale revenues, drive synergies and ultimately deliver positive operating leverage over the medium term consistent with how we run our overall business. Now turning to the first quarter of 2025. Year-over-year net revenue growth is expected to be at the low teens range on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. Acquisitions are forecasted to have a 1 to 1.5 ppt impact to this growth rate, while we expect a headwind of approximately 3 ppt from foreign exchange for the quarter. From an operating expense standpoint, we expect Q1 growth to be in the low double digits range versus a year ago, again, on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. Acquisitions are forecasted to have a 4 to 5 ppt impact to this OpEx growth while we expect a tailwind of approximately 2 ppt from foreign exchange for the quarter. Other items to keep in mind. On other income and expenses, in Q1, we expect an expense of approximately $120 million, given the prevailing interest rates and debt levels. This excludes gains and losses on our equity investments, which are excluded from our non-GAAP metrics. Finally, we expect a non-GAAP tax rate in the range of 20% to 21% for the full year and approximately 20% for Q1 based on the current geographic mix of our business. A lower forecasted tax rate for Q1 as compared to the balance of the year is consistent with prior years due to expected discrete tax benefits related to share-based payments in the first quarter. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Devin.
Devin Corr: Thank you, Sachin. Thank you, Michael. Julianne, you may now open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Schmidt from Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Schmidt: Hi, Michael, hey Sachin, thank you for taking my question this morning. Good metrics across the board here. Great to see. If I could just dig into the cross-border piece, the month-to-date trends to Jan 28. Can you talk about just the drivers of the growth there, whether was relatively similar to the fourth quarter, and then your expectations for 2025? And then if I could just sneak one more in, just thinking about 2025. We get a lot of questions on [indiscernible] discover. Maybe some thoughts about how you're thinking about that with respect to the models. Thanks so much.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. No problem, Andrew. I'll take that question. So from a cross-border volume standpoint, just at the highest level, what I'm going to remind you is the value prop we offer from a cross-border standpoint continues to be incredibly solid. Our teams are out there. They're working hard. They're winning various kinds of portfolios, some of which Michael spoke about, even today about, which is some of the co-brand programs we've got with various airlines, etcetera. Specific to your question around the metrics. Again, really good performance from a volume growth standpoint and cross-border at 20% for Q4. First of all, what you're seeing for the first 4 weeks of January is exactly that. It's the first 4 weeks of January. And what you're seeing in the nature of the 20% going down to 18% is going back exactly the comments I made in my prepared remarks, which is at the end of the day, the vast majority of that you're seeing come through intra-Europe, which is primarily being driven by two factors. One is a pull forward of travel spend into the month of December, and you can see those metrics because you'll see intra-Europe growth in December at about 23%. And then there's the calendarization of days, which I kind of mentioned to you as well. Those are the two factors. But fundamentally, the health of what we're seeing from an overall spend standpoint on cross-border continues to be excellent. We have no real reason to believe that going forward, that there's something going to change as it relates to the value prop. Obviously, the strength of cross-border as well as domestic spend is a function of how consumer health is. And right now, we're seeing the consumer to be in very good shape. We also mentioned about how commercial is actually performing well, and you know that commercial actually also lends to our cross-border metrics. So something to keep in mind are there as well.
Michael Miebach: All right. On the Cap One [ph] Andrew, let me start and then I happily hand it to Sachin for the model side of the question. But overall, the acquisition is in flight. As we know, it's going through the motions. I think it's fair to say the indications are positive that it will be approved. There's a whole range of examples where we have strategic partners will we also compete with on certain aspects of the business. Look in the acquiring space, for example. So this is not a new situation for us. Now Capital One is a tremendous part to ours. Highly strategic partner, tremendous growth that we've seen in our joint business. They have been public about shifting debit volumes to the Discover network. Now we are a competing network, and we will continue to invest in our network and ensure that we have a leading and differentiated solution out there. At the same time, we've been growing together in credit in other parts of the business. So we value this partnership. We'll continue along those lines. Fundamentally there is no surprises here to what we have said last time around. Sachin?
Sachin Mehra: Yes. And I'll just add to what Michael said. Like Michael said right now, right. I mean, they've talked about -- Capital One has talked about migrating the debit volumes over. I think you're aware about the fact that debit volume primarily on the Mastercard network. And we built in our best assumptions both from a timing and a migration pace standpoint into the full year thoughts that I've shared with you today. So again, things might move around, and they likely will just because ours is a forecast. There's no predictability. The deal has got to get approved. Migrations have to start, but we've built in our best estimates as to how that's going to roll out.
Michael Miebach: One last thing. I should add one more thing.
Sachin Mehra: I talked about it in my prepared remarks earlier. There's great momentum in debit, which we have created in the U.S. So this isn't the only part that we have and we're building out a set of partnerships.
Operator: Our next question comes from Darrin Peller from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: Hey thanks guys. Nice job. Just -- when we follow up on what we learned at your Investor Day, which was really helpful on the long-term trajectory of growth, if we could just take that and then put it into 2025, what are you expecting more specifically around your value-added services in the year ahead of us that we're in right now versus the consumer payments just to triangulate with growth? And maybe Sachin, also just as a reminder, we're exiting the year at a 16% constant currency growth. Obviously, Discover could be a factor. But what other comp compares are lapping? Just remind us how much is in the outlook for lapping are other factors that could cause a deceleration from the exit rate down to the 12% to 13% from 16%. Thanks again guys.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. No problem. So first on your question around value added Services and Solutions, look, I mean it goes back to what Michael said, Darrin, in his prepared remarks, which is we continue to invest in that space. It continued to build out excellent capabilities, which are going after what is a sizable and fast-growing addressable market. So again, we're not giving you a forecast as it relates to what we expect value-added service positions to grow in 2025. The underlying fundamentals of what we're doing there continue to be very healthy. And again, remember, we gave you a little bit of color at Investor Day as to what the composition of those revenues are, what the drivers of those revenues are, including payment network drivers, including what we're doing from an overall safety and security standpoint with consumer engagement and acquisition standpoint. So there's a lot of good stuff going on. And this is broad-based. It is not region specific. I just want to be clear. Sometimes people think about this as highly U.S. centric or maybe U.S. and Europe. The reality is across the globe. We're working hard. The teams are working incredibly hard to actually keep pushing value added solutions. You can see we're strong again there, right. I mean now again, remember, value-add service solutions is one of those things where quarter-over-quarter, you might see some level of variability. But the reality is, overall, the fundamentals of the business continue to be very strong. Then your second question was around the fact that we closed Q4 exit rates at about 16% on a local currency basis, and you're kind of doing this compared with what the thoughts for 2025 are. A few things to keep in mind. Number one, there's a few things going on. Number one, you've got basically -- the fact that -- you'll know we talked about pricing coming on, starting off Q2 2024 ramping up in Q3 and Q4. You're going to start to see some level of lapping take place on that. We've had several significant wins in 2024, the likes of Citizens, the likes of Wells Fargo. And these are -- and UniCredit. Now UniCredit will still continue to convert because it's a multiyear conversion. But some of those are going to start to lap as the year kind of progresses, right. The other thing is, as I sit back and I just think about basic fundamentals. The point really is, you've got to kind of remember that overall, the consumer remains healthy. We factored that in. The thoughts we shared for 2025 is a range which is high end of low double digits to low teens, right. So again, you got to keep that in mind. In that, we're building in assumptions around FX volatility. FX volatility picked up in Q4. You saw that come through in the exit rate you're talking about. Hard to predict what FX volatility looks like through the end of the year of 2025. We build in our best assumptions around that. But things could move around on that as well. So again, there are various factors which are actually influencing this. But that's what I'd kind of tell you more holistically as to what's going on here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Harshita Rawat from Bernstein. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Harshita Rawat: Good morning. I want to ask about stable coins. It's likely that we get some regulatory clarity in the U.S. this year. I know a vast majority of stable coins usage is in crypto-native use cases and trading. But are you seeing anything in the cross-border money movement fund? And more importantly, and Michael, I know you talked about kind of like the new settlement capabilities, and you've done a lot of work on crypto over the years. How are you positioned for the growth in the crypto ecosystem? Thank you.
Michael Miebach: Right. Thank you, Harshita. So overall, as I said in my prepared remarks, this is a space that we've been active in over a while. Your question doesn't really talk about the crypto space as crypto as an investment on-ramp. Off-ramp we've been doing it successfully. Crypto.com, is clearly an exciting addition to the set of partnerships. You were really talking more about the potential of the underlying technology and what can it do? And the cross-border use cases has been talking about for years now. Now we've started to move beyond the proof-of-concept stage. There are real transactions that took place, the first one in Hong Kong, last year. So we're in the business of stable coin transactions. We're in the business of having the MTN live. It hasn't scaled yet. That's also the reality. But we have a long belief that this is an interesting space for us, B2B cross-border payments to get into. So I see as a net addition and upside opportunity for us. There's enough push now. The crypto has gone mainstream with the ETFs. And there's clearly a push from the incoming administration here in the U.S. So we'll see more momentum, and I feel we're well prepared and our strong partnerships with players like JPMorgan and other large settlement players -- settlement bank players will help us on that front. Now this isn't the only cross-border solution that's out there. There is real-time payments, where there's initiatives to potentially connect those systems. It's important to keep in mind that we're in 12 of large RTP markets where we have a presence. So that's an interesting space for us to also watch. In the end, it fundamentally comes down to choice. Where do countries want to take this? Countries have looked at this as in potentially connecting in bilateral fashions. We've always been an advocate to saying multilateral approaches work better. That's what we've proven on the card side. So that's a topic that we engage on when it comes to RTP side of things, but also from the stable coin side, again, interoperability between different kind of stable coins also matters, which is kind of the same concept. So exciting space. Leaning in for now, we're powering on with cross-border payments on the card side, which worked really well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rayna Kumar from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Rayna Kumar: Good morning, Michael and Sachin. Thanks for taking my questions. Could you give us an update on your progress in gaining market share in Europe and whether there are any particular countries that you're seeing stronger performance from?
Michael Miebach: Right. So Europe's has been a real success story for Mastercard. If I look back over the 5 last 5, 6 years, we've seen tremendous growth on the continent. Seen tremendous growth in the U.K. In the U.K., we're market share leaders. Credit, prepaid and in debit, it's about a third of the cards, the debit cards that are now Mastercard, large conversions. I just talked earlier about extending our partnership with Santander in the U.K. So that's a growth story. On the continent, I'm particularly excited about the strategic partnership with UniCredit. That's 13 markets across continent. So there is not that many pan-European players. In fact, that is probably the most pan-European player there is. That's a fantastic partnership strategic in nature. But other breakthroughs. Deeper in Italy, Banco Popular there, that's a large win. So big momentum. I think that's the first thing to say. The second thing to say is, in these markets, it's not just about shifting share. It's also really taking advantage of the secular opportunity that still exists in Europe. If you take some of the large developed economic -- economies -- G7 economy like Italy, still significant amounts of cash to go after, and we're doing that very actively. And we're doing that very actively also deploying our services in that space. Italy has historically been one of the most significant services opportunities for us. So with all the talk that's there about Europe, concerns about Europe, Europe's competitiveness and [indiscernible] is a big theme. Really important to remember that our business in Europe is in the European economy. Overall, we're well positioned and growing parts of that economy. And this is tremendous for us. Now we've seen volumes grow in Europe at 16% level. That's a tremendous growth rate for us. So overall, I think we're pressing every button that is there to press for us to push ahead on that growth story.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tien-tsin Huang: I want to stay in Europe if you don't mind, and ask about Mastercard 2030. I think the whole One Click payments initiative to get rid of manual card entry in Europe. To me, it feels like eliminating signature, which ushered in growth in contactless. Is that a fair analogy to think about Mastercard 2030 potentially pushing tokenization? I'm curious why Europe, why not more regions and what makes Europe special for you to set this goal up from Mastercard? Thanks.
Michael Miebach: So tokenization in Europe, when I think of the evolution of the European payment markets from PSD1 to PSD2 to PSD3, the topic of security, the topic of consumer experience, the topic of a fair and level playing field have been seen throughout all of these regulations. This is a market, in our view, that's ripe for the doing away with onetime passwords and keying in card numbers, I think all -- everything that is needed to make that successful, is there in Europe. And we want to prove it. It's been a strategy of ours to have reference markets and show that an initiative works and we go where there is open arms and where we feel this is going to be successful. In Europe, we now have very relevant share position that makes us a strategic partner across markets because if you do this just in one country in Europe, then you know it's going to be problematic. So we have the regulation. We have partnerships across the board, so that's good. Now tokens are at the core of that. And as I said earlier, and biometrics, we have that technology deployed widely in Europe. And then we'll see where we take it from that. The wider use of tokens, the wider use of tokens is -- this sets us up for exactly that, and we'll be looking at other use cases and see what that can do for our company overall. But it's a tremendous opportunity. And of course, this is not about just Europe. You asked the question about Europe. This is a global goal. This is what we can go after. As I said earlier, it's a safer ecosystem that makes sense for everybody. In the world where there's government interest and payments and so forth. If we're seen as a responsible part need it drives overall payment ecosystem safety, that's a fantastic position for us as well, and I'm sure that received well globally. We'll go region by region whenever we feel is the right time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ramsey El-Assal from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi, thank you for taking my question. Michael, I wanted to get your view on potential impacts of the sort of new political environment. I'm just curious if you're expecting any, or are you seeing any tailwinds or headwinds from policy changes? And more specifically, if we do end up seeing kind of widespread tariff applied, which we may or may not, how would that impact your business?
Michael Miebach: Ramsey, this is -- it's a question that I think is top of mind in many industries. So here's how I would go about that. The new political environment, first of all, we've seen ways of political changes around the world. I think at the earlier part of last year, we were looking into 2024 more than half of the population of the world was going to go to the polls. From India to Europe and now in November in the United States. So there is a lot of changes, a lot of volatility. There is some political uncertainty. But when we sit in our boardroom and we sit in our management team, and we talk about this, is payments will continue regardless because the economic -- we power the economy and we power, in particular, the digital economy. And there is a fundamental underlying secular trend, as we discussed at our Investor Day that just keeps going on. So that's the fundamental starting point in response to your question. Now we have a new administration here in the United States. Confirmations haven't fully been done yet, but the Secretary of Treasury is confirmed and so forth. So some of the key partners that we would normally engage with. And we have an administration coming in that is touting a business-friendly approach, and that's fundamentally good for us. The conversation around tariffs and the intended -- intended use of tariffs that's been discussed. We have to see how it plays out and what will happen. It's also clear, we're not in the import export industry. So the way that we would be affected is really indirect ways and how potentially some of our customers and partners get affected by that. So that's something that we'll come to when we get. I think the point that I just made before, fundamentally underlying drive of a digitizing world. Questions like digital trade are going to be important questions. So how is the world dealing with digital trade and how digital trade policy will play out over the years, and we have been actively engaging here in the U.S., in Europe, in ASEAN and so forth. So an important topic for us to continue to watch in advance because that's good for all the economies around the world. So fundamentally, positive business outlook here from the U.S. administration. And we see a Europe that is now in active conversations with the second term of Ursula von der Leyen [ph] to drive a more growth-oriented approach in Europe as well, which with our position in Europe should be a good thing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dave Koning from Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Koning: Yes, hey guys. Thanks, good job. I guess my question, you mentioned FX volatility briefly. It got better kind of through Q4 and quite a bit better in January. I just want to refresh on that, that helps the transaction line, right in and it should help the transaction yield going forward? Should that be a nice accelerant factor to the transaction yield over the next quarter or two if it stays kind of where it is now?
Sachin Mehra: David. So yes, it's in our transaction processing assessments line. That's where it is. So you got that right. And again, volatility will be what volatility will be. But to the extent there's higher volatility, you get the impact come through in that line item, which impacts yields positively to the extent it kind of goes in the opposite direction, it has a negative impact on yield. But that's the line item where you'll see that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Bergin from TD Cowen. Please go ahead. Your line is open
Bryan Bergin: Hi, good morning. Thank you. Wanted to ask on rebates and incentives. Just how to think about the level of renewal activity here in 2025. And directionally, just any commentary you can share on how you expect R&I growth to progress versus how you finished in 2024?
Sachin Mehra: Sure. So Bryan, again, I think Michael kind of talked about this a little bit earlier. We continue to compete out in the marketplace. We are winning and we're winning the right kinds of portfolios, which is really important. We're not going to win every portfolio. We're going to hopefully -- yes, and we don't want to. And -- but we want to win the right kinds of portfolios, which is what we've been doing, and that's the plan going forward as well. From a renewal activity standpoint, nothing unusual to call out in 2025 as there isn't like a lumpiness in terms of renewals in 2025 versus prior years. So it's kind of business as usual. Our teams are out there engaged with our customers, selling on the basis of the value we deliver across payments, but also across value-added services and solutions. And that's been a key enabler help us win on the payment side. So super important for us to continue to do that. I'll tell you from an overall rebates and incentive standpoint. You can see what the metrics are for Q4. For Q1, we expect rebates and incentives as a percentage of payment network assessments to be roughly similar to what we saw in Q4. I'm not going to give you an outlook as it relates to the full year. I mean that's really subject to what kind of deal flow and deal activity we see. The most important thing to keep in mind is while we're all very focused on the level of rebates and incentives we pay, what we're even more focused on is driving an accretion in our net revenue yield. And that is really important. And that's what we'll continue to do from a strategy standpoint and an execution standpoint.
Michael Miebach: It comes back to the virtuous cycle between payments and services. We have to be -- we have to be relevant in payments. We have to be in the flow. So we can apply our payment solutions and our services solutions. That is what's always in focus and our strategic portfolios to win and less strategic portfolio is to win, but importantly across the different spectrum of different types of wins, as I talked about smaller deals earlier. The mix of all of that is always on the outcome of an attractive net revenue yield. That is the target in mind where we press all of them.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Chiodo from UBS. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Timothy Chiodo: Great. Thank you for taking the question. Just given the stronger dollar, there's been a lot of incoming questions around the hedging strategy, I just thought maybe be a good opportunity to recap some of the mechanics. I understand you've talked about doing it on a net basis, a basket of roughly 30 currencies, but not hedging some of the functional currencies. Maybe you could just recap the approach and some of the mechanics and how this all flows through to the income statement?
Sachin Mehra: Sure, no problem. So let me first define where the exposure arises from and then what the hedging strategy is. So you got to think about the exposure to foreign exchange rates coming across three primary areas. One is what we call transaction exposures, which is when the transaction currency is different than the functional currency of the business unit in question. The next is what we have in the nature of monetary assets and liabilities where the currency of those monetary assets and liabilities is different than the functional currency of the business unit in question. And the third is what we call translation exposure, which is the conversion of our overseas earnings into U.S. dollars. So for example, we are euro functional for the European entities. Those euro earnings are ultimately translated back to U.S. dollars when we do our as-reported numbers. So there are three levels over which we get this exposures. We hedge layer number one, which is transaction exposures. We hedge them. We have a philosophy around that. We have hedge ratios, which vary by currency. They're generally in that range of, call it, somewhere in that 50% to 80% range in terms of what we hedge on a net basis, net of expenses. So again, that's kind of the thinking there. There are some currencies which are not necessarily hedgeable just because the market is not liquid enough and we don't hedge those. We also don't hedge right down to the smallest currency exposure, which is there. So we exercised materiality thresholds on that. On the monetary assets and liabilities, similar to transaction exposures, we hedge those as well, right. And again, it's based on what the forecasts are. On the translation exposures, we do not hedge them. And the reason you don't hedge them is we view our hedging strategy as being one of focused on driving the right economic outcome for the company. So what we try and do is we hedge cash flow exposures where we expect cash movements to take place. In the instance of translation, there is no real cash movement taking place from a euro functional entity to a U.S. dollar functional entity. The cash movement takes place when dividends are made and then we'll hedge the dividend payment at that point in time. So that's kind of the philosophy as to how we go about hedging. Also remember, on translation exposures, which are not hedged, which is what I just spoke about right now, things move around, right? I mean we all know that there's dollar strength in the last couple of months and then the zero strength or there is BRL strength, Brazilian Real strength. So these things tend to revert to the mean. We run the business for the fundamentals of the business in terms of driving underlying value. Currencies will do what currencies do. We hedge them on an economic basis, much like I just explained.
Michael Miebach: And the one thing I would like to add to that is we love the fact that we have a geographically diversified business. So this comes with it. This is a fundamental differentiator for us. And many of these markets around the world are fast-growing markets where that is where we find the biggest secular opportunity. So the FX is the last thing that I think about. I think about the growth opportunity in those markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Trevor Williams from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Trevor Williams: Great, thanks very much. I wanted to go back to domestic assessments and the growth there relative to GDV and purchase volume. There's been a pretty consistent spread between those growth rates over the last few years. And then Sachin, you called out cross-border mix as a driver of that spread this quarter. If you could just unpack what that means. And if we should interpret as meaning if cross-border volume is outgrowing GDV that we'll kind of see that mix headwind persist? Thanks.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. So the first thing I'll mention in terms of the delta between what we see in domestic assessments and GDV is there's a rounding impact which is taking place there. So while you see the numbers as we've kind of talked about it as 10% and 12%. The reality is the 10% is rounded down number, the 12% is a rounded up number. So the delta isn't as big as it kind of seems out there. But kind of that's by the way, just FYI. On your question around the cross-border mix component, here's the reality. By its very definition, domestic assessments does not include cross-border revenue. GDV includes cross-border volumes. And so what happens effectively is if GDV -- if cross-border volumes are growing at 20%, which is what we kind of reported for the fourth quarter, you've got the impact of that coming through in the GDP number. You have no associated revenue coming through in domestic assessments. And that's what I mean by cross-border.
Operator: Our next question comes from Will Nance from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
William Nance: Hey, I appreciate you taking the questions. Michael, I wanted to ask you about your thoughts on the European market following up on the kind of mid-teens growth you've been putting up in that geography more recently. Just wanted to get your thoughts on the competitive dynamics with some of the local schemes being folded up into the European payments initiative, I think, including in your home market of Germany. Just any thoughts about how this kind of changes the landscape and just remind us kind of exceptionally how you think about the competitive dynamics in the continent? Thanks.
Michael Miebach: Right. So that's a great question. And I always love to talk about my home country. The -- I want to put a stat into your mind. Earlier on, we talked about how we're driving payments growth by shifting volumes from domestic networks and closed-loop networks. Over the years, we have driven up our switching ratio to 70%. So that's important as a backdrop into this question. So we have success and we know how to deal with domestic competitors and partners. Now on that backdrop, particularly in Europe, there has been, over the years, push to come up with local payment solutions as an alternative offer to consumers. And there's a whole range of reasons why that is contemplated in Europe, partly sovereignty, partly more control, all of that. The fundamental truth though is that in the end, the consumer is a really deciding factor here. What's a good user experience? How about availability? If you put a new app into a payment market, it has tons of choices already, it's going to be very hard to convince merchants and consumers to change. We've seen it in the U.S. with a bank-led app as well. So all in, we feel this is good for competition. It motivates us to continue to compete and invest in our proposition across channels. We talked about the token topic earlier on and how that makes checkout easier and so forth. So right now, we are looking at particularly at Vero [ph]. So Vero is currently an initiative of 3 countries. This was multi-country in previous years, and now it's down to 3. And the first transaction took in December, so there's proof-of-concept, pilot stage, and we'll see where it goes. At this point in time, we don't see it as a material concern or threat to our business. But our approach has always been one of partnership. We partnered with domestic schemes in many countries around the world, maybe on the services side, and we'll see how that goes over time. The more choice there is because it will generally bode for a level playing field on the competition side is which we like, and then we'd love to compete with our solutions.
Devin Corr: Julianne we can squeeze one more question in.
Operator: Our last question will come from Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thank you, good morning. I just wanted to go back to the volume acceleration, Sachin. I mean I know you mentioned a bunch of different things, but as we look underneath it all, is it that the consumer is really gaining strength in that sort of what's driving the acceleration? Is it shared -- part of its share gains? I'm just trying to think about the acceleration in the fourth quarter, the sustained one in -- actually a further acceleration in the United States year-to-date. Maybe you could just talk a little bit about that? Thank you.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Sanjay. So I'll speak to the fact that the metrics you're talking about for the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter is the acceleration you're kind of alluding to. I think at the highest level, we should all kind of take comfort in the fact that the consumer continues to be very healthy, and we're seeing strong consumer spending and good commercial spending as well. So those are important. As it relates to whether it's driven by share or not driven by share, frankly, quarter-over-quarter, there is very minimal impact, which is there from a share standpoint because the wins which we've talked about have been helping our volume growth in the third quarter as they have in the fourth quarter. So it's really the underlying trends of the consumer and the merchant spend, which is helping us. There's a little bit of lift, which is coming from crypto, which we kind of talked about, right, which is there. And there's a little bit in the nature of the travel spend pull forward kind of which I spoke about in my prepared remarks. But other than that, I got to tell you, I mean, look, I mean, when you do the right things in the market, you win the right portfolios and those portfolios grow at a good pace and there's a healthy consumer, you tend to see the kind of metrics you see, which is what we're kind of showing you.
Devin Corr: Thank you, Sachin. Michael, any closing remarks?
Michael Miebach: Well, I'm happy we got Sanjay in even though we're over time, so excellent. Good conversation. Thank you very much for your support as always. This is -- there was a lot going on this quarter. So it was good to overrun a little bit. I still want to do what I always do is thank the 34,000 colleagues at Mastercard for being out there with our customers every day and pushing in this business forward, and thank you to all of you for your support. We'll speak to you next quarter. Thank you very much.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is [Brianna] (ph), and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mastercard Incorporated Third Quarter 2024 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Devin Corr, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Devin Corr: Thank you, Brianna. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2024 earnings call. With me today are Michael Miebach, our Chief Executive Officer; and joining remotely is Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Michael and Sachin, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our Web site, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I'd like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our Web site for 30 days. With that, I will now turn the call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Michael Miebach.
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Devin. Good morning everyone. On Halloween, well, nothing spooky here. The headline this quarter, again, we delivered strong results across all aspects of our business. We’re adding to that momentum with the announcement of two planned acquisitions, Recorded Future and Minna Technologies. In the third quarter, net revenues were up 14%, and adjusted net income increased 13% versus a year-ago, as always, on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis. These results were underpinned by healthy consumer spending, including strong cross-border volume growth of 17% year-over-year on a local currency basis. And value-added services and solutions net revenue grew 19% year-over-year on a currency-neutral basis. The macroeconomic environment remained supportive, and continues to underpin the strength in consumer spending. The labor market remained strong, even if slightly below historically tight levels. And inflation has moderated, albeit at varied levels across categories and countries. Overall, we remain positive about our growth outlook, but we will continue to monitor the environment. We will continue to focus on the things we can control, and execute on our growth algorithm. By tapping into the sizable secular shift opportunity to electronic payments, and that across both spend and transactions. Also, by further penetrating the addressable market in commercial and new payment flows, by gaining market share, and by growing value-added services and solutions. Let’s take a look at our progress in these four areas, starting with the shift to digital. There’s still a long runway for the secular shift for person to merchant payments. Our diverse global footprint and innovative digital-first proposition enable us to maximize this opportunity. A key driver is acceptance, which we have effectively doubled over the last five years. We are increasing acceptance by digitizing untapped pools of spend in areas, like transit, to open up new transaction flows. Over the years, we have helped hundreds of transit systems around the world move to open loop. And now, our contact-less technology is making it easier for international travelers in Beijing and people in Hong Kong can now seamlessly pay for their train trips. The shift to digital means turning every device into an acceptance device. Just think about that. Tap-on-phone is now live in over 110 markets. Since the beginning of this year, the number of tap-on-phone locations almost doubled. And more than 10% are net new acceptance locations for Mastercard. You see it everywhere, at food trucks in major cities, at the farmers’ market in my town, in the air to make in-flight purchases, and at sporting events like the Major League Baseball All-Star Game. We’re adding more access through acceptance efforts. In Africa, we’re partnering to make our QR pay-by-link technology available to every merchant with a KaiOS-powered phone, that’s putting affordable ways to be paid in the hands of underserved small businesses across the whole continent. We’re investing in cutting-edge technologies, like tokenization and pass keys to make the online shopping experience better and more secure. And that’s the expectation people have when they see our brand. They know it’s convenient, fast, and frictionless. And that ease and simplicity are not sacrificed for world-class security and protection against fraud. They get all that from Mastercard in every transaction. Efforts like these are being developed by our teams across the globe, including at our newly expanded tech hub, in Pune, India, where I was earlier this month. India is where we first launched the Mastercard payment pass key service, which replaces the need for passwords or texts for one-time pass codes with biometrics; simple and seamless ways to address the high levels of fraud and the need for secure payments everywhere, no matter the channel. We’re extending and scaling that into new markets with partners like noon Payments, one of the largest PSPs in Middle East Africa. We’re also collaborating with India’s leading wearables brand, Bolt. We will work with them to enable quick, highly secured tokenized contact-less payments on their devices. The continued adoption of these capabilities positions us well to capture the large secular opportunity in consumer payments. Now, the consumer is one part of the story. There’s a sizable opportunity in unlocking new flows across commercial payments and disbursement and remittances. We’re seeing strong momentum in these spaces. In commercial, we have the right solutions, and we’re expanding into new verticals with specialized partners who offer significant reach. Last quarter, we announced the partnership with CBC to provide car distribution, acceptance and financial education to almost two million retailers. We’re now building on this momentum with a partnership with payment orchestrator, Yallo. They work with some of the largest consumer packaged goods distributors in Latin America, including Nestlé, Mondelez, and Coca-Cola. This partnership will enable three million small and medium-sized customers to use Mastercard small business cards to make purchases. And in the healthcare industry, we’re partnering with Fundbot, a fintech specializing in supply chain financing. We will work with them to capture additional B2B flows with virtual cards and address insurance payment delays that have historically posed challenged. Now shifting to disbursements and remittances, we’re also scaling with important players in that space. You saw our announcement at Mastercard Move, we’ll be integrated into Citi’s cross-border payments network. Citi customers in 65 countries can now make secure near real-time cross-border payment transfers to Mastercard debt cards in 14 receiving markets worldwide with more to come early next year. In the U.S., we have expanded our partnership with payment platform processor Astra Inc. to accelerate the adoption of Mastercard Move for push-to-card payments. In Latin America, we announced partnerships with Paysend, Leap Financial, and Felix Pago to tackle the significant U.S. and Latin America cross-border corridor opportunity. Another important element of our growth algorithm is gaining more share of the carded market. And we are, even in today’s competitive marketplace, we do this by understanding our customers’ needs and by offering differentiated service that can help them and drive value and/or choice to the end customer. For example, this quarter, in Belgium, Brussels Airlines announced that they will migrate their co-brand card and loyalty program to Mastercard. We extended our agreement with the second largest bank in Europe, BNP Paribas Group. The extension includes additional services such as launch pads to co-create new digital experiences through our dedicated innovation hub. We’re building on our partnership with one of the largest commercial banks in Qatar; Doha Bank. In addition to renewing debit and prepaid, they will migrate the majority of their credit program to Mastercard. They were also the first bank in Qatar to launch our cross-border payment services. We’re teaming up with Alibaba.com to enable their first co-branded U.S. small business credit card. And we signed an exclusive partnership with Mobitel’s mobile wallet: e-Mola, in Mozambique. To me, all these reinforce Mastercard is a valued partner to our customers. Last quarter, I highlighted the progress we’re making against the significant opportunity in Africa. Today, let’s focus on Latin America, a diverse region that embraces new technologies and represents a large untapped opportunity to convert cash and check to electronic forms of payment. External sources estimate that more than 60% of purchase transactions in Latin America are still paid in cash and check. We have been striving strong growth in the region with third quarter year-to-day GDV up 19% year-over-year on a local currency basis. And we are working locally to win share. We’re growing with two of the largest banks in Guatemala. Banco G&T Continental will migrate the majority of their debit portfolio to Mastercard. And Banco Industrial will drive new MasterCard credit and debit issuance, and use us as the network provider for their neobank. In El Salvador, Banco Agricola has agreed to migrate their debit portfolio to Mastercard and drive new credit issuance. The leading credit issuer in Uruguay, OSEA, has renewed our agreement and will convert a private label portfolio to Mastercard. We also have excellent merchant partnerships in Latin America. In Chile, we’re securing our position as the market leader with retail issuing partners. We extended our card issuing partnership with the second largest merchant in Chile, Cencosud. We renewed our exclusive card issuing partnership with Banco Ripley, the financial institution of Ripley Corp, one of the largest retail conglomerates in Chile and Peru. This snapshot of Latin America shows more examples of how we continue to win and retain customer agreements around the globe. Now, turning to value-add services and solutions. Our strong growth here is supported by strong differentiated products, transaction flows, and customer demands. And we aren’t stopping here. We are investing in new products to further expand our addressable market and address the needs of our customers. Let’s start with cybersecurity. We play a critical role advancing trust in securing a global digital ecosystem before, during, and after a transaction. Our agreement to acquire Recorded Future is expected to add threat intelligence capabilities to our leading identity solutions, real-time fraud scoring, and cybersecurity services. The company provides real-time visibility into potential threats through differentiated AI-powered solutions. This enables customers to act on and mitigate risks before they occur. We can enhance these solutions with the addition of Mastercard Insights product. This planned addition is expected to make our cybersecurity value proposition stronger, open up cross-sell opportunities with new customers, and add to our addressable market. Another trend is the growth of the subscription economy. Subscriptions are everywhere; delivery, entertainment, shopping, software, healthcare, and much more. They play a big role in people’s lives and are supported by and help grow digital payments. With that, comes an increasing demand for more transparency and control from consumers as well as regulators. That’s why we have agreed to acquire Minna Technologies. Their payment scheme agnostic services go beyond insights. It enables consumers, like those today with Capital One, to easily modify, extend, or cancel subscriptions directly within their banking applications and websites. And merchants benefit from the ability to re-engage their customers. The technology will also add to our broader set of tools like consumer clarity to enhance the overall value we deliver, including helping merchants build long-term deeper relationships with consumers through loyalty, rewards, and personalized offers. At the end of the day, it’s about creating a win-win approach for all involved; merchants, banks, and consumers. The expectation from consumers for personalized experiences also continues to grow. To meet this demand, we acquired best-in-class personalization assets in 2022 by Dynamic Yield. Since then, we have enriched the consumer-consented personalization experience with insights from our data analytics. That’s why we’ve had a lot of success scaling with around 500 retail and commerce partners, including luxury hospitality conglomerate in the Middle East, Kerzner. And now, we have introduced a new solution for issuing banks called Personalization Breeze. It combines our market-leading personalization offering with our propensity modeling to send individualized messages to cardholders. This is a fantastic example of the value we can deliver when we combine the proposition of our acquisitions, data, and other service offerings. Now, one of those offerings is open banking. It’s no surprise. People want greater choice, control, and access to financial services. And banks want faster and more efficient processes. Our open banking technology can deliver all that. We recently announced enhancements to our open banking lending program. Through our partnership with Argyle, lenders can now verify income and employment through consumer-permission payroll data. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have authorized this as a data source. And we work with them to provide asset verification, rent history, and cash flow assessment data during the mortgage underwriting process. This means a streamlined and informed lending process, especially for those with low, thin, or no credit files. We continue to add to, enhance our value-added services and solutions. We provide differentiated value at scale across a diverse set of payment-adjacent areas; cybersecurity, fraud, marketing, personalization, and insights to name a few. All with large addressable markets where we have the right to play, win, and scale, and all that while driving the positive flywheel effect where payments and services reinforce each other. Today’s call is a look at the past quarter. We have accomplished how we continue to set ourselves up for the future. We deliver it again across all facets of the business. And there’s so much opportunity ahead. We look forward to diving into this and more at our investment community meeting on November 13. Now, Sachin, over to you.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Michael. Turning to page three, which shows our financial performance for the third quarter on a currency-neutral basis, excluding where applicable special items and the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments. Net revenue was up 14%, reflecting continued growth in our payment network and our value-added services and solutions. Operating expenses increased 12%. And operating income was up 15%. Net income and EPS increased 13% and 16% respectively, primarily reflecting the strong operating income growth in the third quarter. EPS was $3.89, which includes an $0.08 contribution from share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased $2.9 billion worth of stock and an additional $983 million through October 28th, 2024. Let’s turn to page four, where I’ll speak to the growth rates of some of our key drivers for the third quarter on a local currency basis. Worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV increased by 10% year-over-year. In the U.S., GDV increased by 7% with credit growth of 6% and debit growth of 8%. Credit and debit growth was aided by the conversions of the previously announced Wells Fargo commercial credit and citizens’ debit migrations respectively. Outside of the U.S., volume increased 12% with credit growth of 10% and debit growth of 14%. Overall, cross-border volume increased 17% globally for the quarter, reflecting continued strong growth in both travel and non-travel-related cross-border spending. Turning to page five, switch transactions grew 11% year-over-year in Q3. Both card present and card not present growth rates remain strong. Card present growth was aided in part by an increase in contactless penetration, as contactless now represents approximately 70% of all in-person switched purchase transactions. In addition, card growth was 6%. Globally, there are 3.4 billion Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards issued. Turning to slide six for a look into our net revenue growth rates for the third quarter discussed on a currency-neutral basis. Payment network net revenue increased 11% primarily driven by domestic and cross-border transaction and volume growth. It also includes growth in rebates and incentives. Value-added services and solutions net revenue increased 19% primarily driven by growth in our underlying drivers, strong demand for our consulting and marketing services, the scaling of our fraud and security, and our identity and authentication solutions, and pricing. Now, let’s turn to page seven to discuss key metrics related to the payment network. Again, all growth rates are described on a currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. Looking quickly at each key metric, domestic assessments were up 10%, while worldwide GDV also grew 10%. Cross-border assessments increased 22%, while cross-border volumes increased 17%. The five-ppt difference is primarily driven by pricing in international markets and mix. Transaction processing assessments were up 14%, while switched transactions grew 11%. The three-ppt difference is primarily due to mix and pricing. Other network assessments were $227 million this quarter. As a reminder, these assessments primarily relate to licensing, implementation, and other franchisees, and may fluctuate from period to period. Moving on to page eight, you can see that on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis excluding special items, total adjusted operating expenses increased 12%. The growth in operating expenses was primarily due to increased spending to support the continued execution of our strategic initiatives, including planned increased spending in advertising and marketing, as well an increase in indirect access, as discussed on our Q4 2023 earnings call. Turning to page nine, let me comment on the operating metric trends. Our Switch metrics in Q3 and through the first four weeks of October remained generally stable sequentially, both in the U.S. and across the globe as spending remained healthy. Of note, in the U.S., a portion of the uptick in switched volumes in the first four weeks of October was related to certain events, including the mix of high-volume calendar days and the tightening of social security payments this year as compared to last year. Turning now to page 10, I wanted to share our thoughts for the remainder of the year. As Michael said, consumer spending remained healthy, and we delivered across all aspects of our business in Q3. We remain well-positioned for the opportunities ahead, driven by our diversified business model, the significant opportunity for further secular shift to digital forms of payment in both consumer and commercial, and strong demand for our value-added services and solutions. While we continue to monitor the economic headwinds and tailwinds, we remain focused on executing on our strategy. Overall, we remain positive about the growth outlook. Now, turning to Q4 2024, year-over-year net revenue growth is expected to be at the low-teens range on a currency-neutral basis excluding acquisitions. Acquisitions are forecasted to have a minimal impact on this growth rate, while we expect a zero to one PPT headwind from foreign exchange for the quarter. From an operating expense standpoint, we expect Q4 operating expense growth to be the high end of a low double-digit range versus a year ago, again on a currency-neutral basis excluding acquisitions and special items. Of note, this reflects higher spending in advertising and marketing in Q4, as compared to Q3, primarily driven by the cadence of spend related to our sponsorship activities. Acquisitions and FX are forecasted to have a minimal impact to this OpEx growth for the quarter. Other items to keep in mind, on other income and expenses, in Q4, we expect an expense of approximately $85 million. This assumes the prevailing interest rates and debt levels continue, and excludes gains and losses on our equity investments which are excluded from our non-GAAP metrics. Finally, we expect a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 17% for Q4 based on the current geographic mix of our business. A further comment on tax, there’s now more clarity on the potential impact of the Pillar Two global minimum tax rules as more countries continue to enact these rules. As disclosed in our 10-K, we have an incentive grant in Singapore. Starting in 2025, we expect the new Pillar Two global minimum tax rules will offset the benefit of this incentive brand. For reference, Q3 year-to-date 2024, this benefit had the impact of reducing our tax rate by approximately 4%. On a personal note, I’d like to thank all of you for the well-wishes I’ve received over the last several weeks. I feel good and happy to be here speaking with you today. And with that, I’ll turn the call back over to Devin.
Devin Corr: Thank you, Sachin. Brianna, you may open the call up for questions now.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. Your line is open.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thank you. Good morning, and I’m glad you’re doing well, Sachin. Just a quick question on the U.S. volume uptick, I know you mentioned some of it was related to some of those items that you mentioned. But is the rest of it just consumer picking up steam a little bit, and I’m just curious how, through your data, you’ve seen the consumer behave in a lower-rate environment, that’s rated so lower do consumers spend more?
Sachin Mehra: Hey, Sanjay, thanks for the question. Hopefully, can you hear me? Look, I mean the consumer continues to be healthy. We continue to see positive trends from a consumer health standpoint. They’re spending in a very healthy manner. So, that’s the underlying basis for what you’re seeing for our Q3 metrics, as well as what you’re seeing in the first four weeks of October. I will caution and say these are first four weeks of October, so they don’t make the quarter. But that being said, there’s no doubt in my mind that the consumer continues to show strength. But beyond that, like I mentioned, in the first four weeks, we cannot ignore the fact that there were certain one-time items such as the calendarization impact, which I mentioned, and the timing of social security payments which kind of caused that little bump that you see in U.S. metrics take place. But net-net, here’s the story, that the reality is, overall, with employment continuing to remain strong with interest rates starting to come down -- well, actually, technically, that there were reductions in the Fed-driven interest rates, but we’ve seen that the yield curve has actually gone right back up. But the reality is there continues to be confidence from a consumer standpoint. We’ve seen that come through, and it certainly came through in their spending patterns as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Tien-tsin Huang: Hey, great, thanks. And Sachin, I knew you wouldn’t miss delivering these results. I wanted to ask, for Michael, I like your discussion of acceptance, and the trends and the growth, and the benefits there, can you give us -- [technical difficulty] or maybe for tokenization, and where we are with respect to penetration, growth, benefits to the ecosystem and, of course, benefits to Mastercard’s P&L?
Sachin Mehra: Right. So, tokenization cutting-edge technology, as I call it, we’ve been investing it for years. We’re in the billions of tractions now. The benefit of tokenization is pretty clear. It helps on the security side. The tokenized transaction has -- always a more secure transaction as the data will be only available for one-time use. That drives adoption across the ecosystem on the basis of higher securities. This has been rapidly around the world. We are in a whole range of markets around the world today. And it doesn’t end at security, there’s benefit that is coming to merchants from tokenization as there are higher conversion rates, and online commerce, for example. So, disability for us is -- cannot be underestimated. So, we’re going to continue to invest in it. There is a set of base functionality around tokenization as security, as I explained. There will be other solutions that we can tag on to that, for example, toke lifecycle management, and so forth. Now, we have been investing for many years in this capability. And, of course, we see this as an opportunity for us to drive our revenue line, and charge for that, but it’s very clearly related to and direct upside that our customer see, is our merchant from higher conversion or lower fraud on the securities side.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harshita Rawat with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Harshita Rawat: Hi, good morning, and thanks for taking my question. Sachin, and I hope you’re feeling better. Michael, I wanted to ask about Mastercard value-added services, specifically in cybersecurity. You made a number of investments here, including the recent recorded future deals. If I look at your large disclosure from three years ago, cyber and intelligence with $3.7 billion in revenues for you already back then, can you talk about how it's being sold to clients? Is it an attached on a transaction or increasingly kind of like a new adjacency for Mastercard where you're studying synergy from the data on the platform and selling beyond just Mastercard transactions? Thank you.
Michael Miebach: Right. So, when I look at our value-added service portfolios, our security solutions is a very significant share of that. Why is that? Because the world is digitizing more, there's an increasing need to secure those transactions. That's a tremendous underlying secular trend for us to be involved with. It's a huge addressable market. So, we build out a set of transaction related solutions over the years before the transaction, after the transaction. One of the more recent ones that we talked about that we invested heavily in using our Brighterion acquisition from back in 2017 to use our AI capabilities is decision intelligence. We've now boosted the product with Gen AI and the outcome that we see is tremendous. This is up to a 20% lift that we see. Now, these are solutions that our customers opt into because they like those solutions and they like the lift that they get out of that. As I was saying earlier in the prepared remarks is we're not stopping here. Clearly, cybersecurity risk doesn't stop at the transaction. It goes beyond the transaction. It goes into reacting to cybersecurity risk that you see in your business that goes beyond fraud, aware of those vulnerabilities. You recall our RiskRecon acquisition from a few years ago. Again, those are services that our customers buy from us because they feel they are under threat and they want to step up their defenses. Now, recorded future, this is a subscription-based service into threat intelligence, which is the next logical step to go even further and look even further ahead and see what threat is coming my way. So, we have a natural position in here. It starts with the transaction, but we're selling these services way beyond the transaction. We've been historically on the record to say about 50% of our services are somehow related to transactions, but the other 50% are not and we're building out that portfolio with recorded future being one example. We're very excited about that. Threat intelligence, if you look at the customer set of recorded future, it's very impressive and we're looking forward to bringing those into the fold as and when the approval process ends.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rayna Kumar with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Rayna Kumar: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. We saw some volume acceleration in Europe, which is your largest geography in the quarter. What are you seeing in terms of macro in the region as well as potential for further share gains? Thank you.
Sachin Mehra: Hey, Rayna. Thanks for your question. So, look, I mean, Europe is clearly a very important region. We continue to perform well in that region. What we're seeing from a macro standpoint, and you've probably seen this in the most recent economic data, is you're starting to see positive trends come through there with momentum in France and Spain, and even in Germany. The reality is, Europe has kind of been a little bit of a tale of two cities. You've had Northern Europe, and then you have Southern Europe. Southern Europe has been actually performing well for the longest time. And now you're starting to see some momentum come through in other parts of Europe as well. So, net-net, I would tell you, the consumer confidence continues to improve, unemployment remains low. And so, from a macro standpoint you're in a good place from a European standpoint. As it relates to Mastercard's business in Europe, a couple of factors, there still remains a tremendous secular opportunity in Europe. We're tapping into that. We continue to actually be performing well on that basis, which is why you're seeing that come through in our drivers. And then, even beyond that, going back to the growth algorithm, which Michael was speaking about earlier, we continue to win share. I mean, the reality is what you're seeing come through in the nature of the drivers is the conversions of the UniCredit portfolio. You're seeing that come through in the nature of the Deutsche Bank portfolio. These are ones we've talked about in the past. You're just starting to see that come through in the metrics now. And also, we continue to be very focused on our efforts for migrating from Maestro to Debit Mastercard. And you're seeing all of that come through in the metrics. So, net-net, very important region; the economy seems to be holding up well, and in some cases showing renewed signs of improvement. And then, our business there, both from a secular and a market share standpoint that this should perform well. I noted such and that you said, even in Germany. I wouldn't miss my chance on that, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan Keane: Hi, guys. Just wanted to ask about incentives, there's a little bit of a debate going on. Is incentives rising? Is there more renewals going on currently that are going to push incentives higher? Just like to get your thoughts around that. And glad you're feeling well, Sachin.
Sachin Mehra: Thank you. Look, I mean, the reality is, from a competitive environment standpoint, the market continues to be competitive. We continue to compete in this environment. Nothing, from our perspective, is vastly different from what was there already a year ago or two years ago. The reality is we'll continue to compete here. From an incentive standpoint, you're very well aware that in order to actually win volume, you're going to have to incentivize customers, which is what we do. And then, when you win the volume, you have the ability to generate revenues from the volume in question, optimize those portfolios, grow them at a faster pace, and then deliver services, which helps us increase our net value yield. Really, the playbook is very much the same, and from a competitive environment standpoint, not much is changing on that front.
Michael Miebach: And you see us winning. If you look at some of the movements here in the United States recently on the debit side, there is, on the basis of our differentiated propositions, we keep winning, so that resonates. We keep investing in that, as I just spoke about, but it's also pretty clear in that competitive environment where we hope to have the better solution for our customers in the end consumer. There is not every deal is for us and we don't want to win every deal. There is competitive movement in different parts of the world and we are very thoughtful about that. There is financial discipline. In the end, what we keep in mind is the net revenue yield.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Chiodo. Your line is open.
Tim Chiodo: Great, thank you for taking the question. I want to dig in a little bit on Mastercard Move, so the combination of Mastercard Send and the Cross-Border Services. Two brief topics, one around mix. Across that entire capability, would you describe the cross-border mix as similar, higher, or lower than the rest of Mastercard's business? And then, in terms of the accounting for the revenues, I believe, and maybe you could correct me, that any of the domestic-related activity tends to be a little bit more card-based, so it's sitting within payment network. And some of the cross-border activity, some at least, is more account-to-account and would be within Dash net. Thanks.
Sachin Mehra: All right. So, maybe I start on that. So, these are very different and complementary businesses. I think that's the first to think about. So, obviously we have a thriving cross-border driven part of our carded business and the P2M space. We make something very complex across border, pretty simple for consumers. That's a good starting point, but there's many other use cases that are not actually happening through PODS today and as part of our one-stop strategy for payments for years, we have been investing in going after those flows and having a differentiated proposition there. So, Mastercard Move, which has domestic and cross-border type of payments, currently what we see here is this is a pretty differentiated reach that we have across 95% of the world's bank population, 180 countries, 150 currencies, that's a very different proposition. There are kind of use cases that you think about, think insurance distribution, gig workers that work remotely and develop an application for another company somewhere else around the world. So, it's a pain point for many companies how to do this effectively and at attractive price and our growth rates tell us that we're having a right proposition out there. In the third quarter, we're seeing over 40% of transaction growth in this business. So, differentiated solution and I come back to the announcement with Citi here. So, Citi is a strong player in cross-border and here this is one plus one is three as we have more endpoints and starting points for a transaction that we can bring into this partnership.
Michael Miebach: And then, on your question around the accounting, you have it right, I mean, the stuff which is on card rails, for example, domestic send, related revenues, send and payment network, and then the cross-border volumes, which flow on non-card rails are sitting in our value-added services and solutions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: Hey, guys. Thanks. Sachin, first of all, I just want to reiterate, it's great to hear you on the call again. Guys, I just want to start off first. I mean, the yield and the spread and what we're seeing in growth of transaction revenues and cross-border, continuing to outperform the KPIs, I think it just shows the value add you're bringing to your customers. Can you just touch on the expansion of that and what kind of opportunities you're seeing taken on by the customers to allow you to have those better yields relative to the volumetrics, so just basically incremental VAS or services or even pricing. And then, Sachin, just a quick follow-up on tax rate, I think you said four points, so just want to be clear, we should be expecting around 20% tax rate next year? Thanks.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. So, sure, Darrin. Thanks for your question. So, let me take the tax rate question first, and I'll come back to your question around what you're seeing in terms of yield trends. So, on the tax rate look, now we see greater clarity as it relates to the implementation of this bill of two global minimum tax. And what we thought, and you've seen this in our 10K disclosures in the past that we've had this incentive agreement with Singapore. The reality is now Singapore has actually enacted those rules. There's one final step which is left to be done in Singapore, but the reality is it's getting pretty close. So, what we wanted to do was help our investors understand the impact of Q3 year-to-date that we had experienced as a result of these incentive plans from Singapore on our tax rate. And that's that four percentage number which I kind of shared with you. I can't tell you exactly what our tax rate is going to look like on a going forward basis, but order of magnitude, right, the impact of not getting the incentive grant in Singapore this year would have had an impact about four points on our tax rate. So, I wanted to get that clarity out for the investor community on that. On the first part of your question, which is around yields, look, we're very pleased with the value we're delivering to our customers, whether it's in cross-border, whether it's in domestic, whether it's through the services we bring. And the reality is what you're seeing come through is, I think you were talking about the spread between the driver metric and the revenue metric here, look, there are a number of factors which go into this, right? So, for example, on the transaction processing side, you can see the impact of mix come through. And this is a mix from both a cross-border and domestic standpoint when you're comparing the driver trend with the revenue trend, but it's also geographical mix, depending on which geographies are going faster and which geographies are going slower. So, you've got to take those factors into consideration. We certainly do when we're running the business. We look, like Michael said, we're not looking to win every portfolio. We want to win the right portfolios in the right regions with the fastest growth opportunity, which have the best yield. Because at the end of the day, what we're trying to optimize is driving that yield up. And that's what you're seeing come through in my comments around the mixed spread, which is there both on cross-border as well as in transaction processing. The other factor I'll point out is in the third quarter, you did get a little bit of a lift come through from FX volatility. Now, that sits in our transaction processing assessments line item. That is very hard to predict. I will tell you right now, FX volatility is running at record low levels over the last few weeks. So, it's a little bit of what we can do to enable the yield, which is what we do by delivering good value, good products, good services, as well as winning the right portfolios. And then, there's a little bit of stuff which happens from a macro standpoint, such as FX yield, et cetera, et cetera, which kind of plays into that. So, hopefully, Darrin, that gives you a little bit of color as to how we're trying to optimize the mix between what we're seeing from a driver trend standpoint and what we're seeing from an overall assessment revenue standpoint.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
James Faucette: Great. Thank you very much. I wanted to dig in a little bit into B2B and commercial volumes. I think there's been good and steady progress there over the years, including this year. But at the same time, a lot of us are surprised that there hasn't been an acceleration. So, I'm just wondering kind of how you would assess that situation and what are the tools and capabilities of Mastercard? We should think about that Mastercard is bringing the market to help accelerate that market, or you think this is going to continue to be the cadence that we should expect, that it'll be steadily contributing to growth, but it just takes time? Thanks.
Michael Miebach: Thank you. Great question. One of my favorite topics to talk about commercial, earlier, I spoke about the tremendous secular opportunity we see in consumer, and then build on that and said, what is an even bigger opportunity in commercial? So we like it for those reasons. As I commented on previous calls, there were various structural issues over the years why this hasn't really unlocked in emerging markets, there were issues that we're not familiar with the risk. There wasn't technology that was available in back offices of smaller companies and so on and so on. If you pass forward to today, we're seeing a situation where this the momentum feels solid. We're seeing 11% growth in commercial. And that's good. And that's above consumer. And that's we like that. So, when I look ahead and say, what should we expect going forward? I'm not going to give you an outlook right now. Maybe you should dial into the Investor Day in a little while. But the point here is, we see our ability to put out solutions with different partners more globally into the back office systems of companies, our partnership with Oracle and SAP, for example, we see a whole new generation of treasurers that are digitally minded and businesses that are having an expectation that their digital lives in the office should be not worse than their digital lives and their personal lives. So, when we put out our mobile based T&E card proposition, then people are saying that it's cool. We like that. So, there is definitely changes happening. The most significant change that I see is really the interest of our issuing partners around the world to start to see this is a proposition to go into. I can talk to my customer about the working capital effect of a virtual card as part of their payment. That's 30 days of working capital. That is a real winning argument that everybody can understand, including our issuers getting very excited about. So, we see this as a space that's going to continue and drive growth for us. And you saw our reorganization where we align behind commercial and new payment flows because we believe it's going to be a tremendous growth driver.
Sachin Mehra: Hey, I'll just quickly jump in and clarify when Michael talked about the 11% growth rate on commercial, he was talking about the currency neutral growth rate for the third quarter of this year. Just want to be sure that we have that.
Michael Miebach: Sachin, thank you for clarifying.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Maurer with FT Partners. Your line is open.
Craig Maurer: Hi, thanks, and good to hear you, Sachin. I want -- there's a lot of discussion around VAS and it's difficult for us to really get under the covers on that too much, but wanted to ask you, Michael, if you could characterize perhaps where you think Mastercard is better than your closest competitors in VAS when you're presenting to an issuer or merchant and it allows you to win that business. Thanks.
Michael Miebach: Right. So, value-added services and solutions, it's been a true differentiator for Mastercard for the last seven years at least. And we anchored around two fundamental points. I talked about one earlier, which is in a digitizing world, keeping that digital ecosystem in a company or in a consumer context or a bank context safe. So, our security solutions have been a differentiator and I think it's a truly differentiated proposition. The second big underlying trend here is with a highly and a rapidly digitizing world, more and more data becomes available and a lot of more businesses want to make sense of that data. So, this is another powerful trend. So, the second leg of this tool was we're building out a set of data insights solutions. So, that is the general proposition. Now, if you look under the hood of that, to your point there isn't much of a hood under look under the hood that you have. Well, I think we actually did share quite a bit of that over the years. So, on the security side, it's before the transaction, during the transaction, after the transaction, that's our digital identity solutions before. Those are per click solutions where we provide data to give an identity score to somebody that wants to find out, is this the real customer? And then, all the way to our fraud scoring solutions directly linked to the payments, all of that. So, that is pretty known. And on the data insight solution here again, it is a whole set of solutions that help customers that could be a merchant, that could be a bank to engage their customers, their end consumers in a better way through campaign management solutions, test and learn through marketing services, through loyalty and so forth. They are all very different business models, some of them subscription based, some of them per transaction clicks in a very different way. So, all of it, it's a whole mix. The point of all of this is two powerful underlying trends. And within each of these solutions, you have an arc where all of these solutions build on top of each other. They are finely and clearly curated for us to provide an end-to-end solution. So, I can say to our customer, I don't have this widget and that widget for you. I have a solution that can allow you to run your business better. Our engagement is always to help our customers drive their top line. And that's what we do. This is a different proposition than maybe others have out there. We like that because that makes us a strategic partner for our customers, for our customers. Overall, we believe this is differentiated. You've seen strong growth for us for years. You've seen another set of strong numbers for this quarter. And it's been boosting the revenue of the company and our yield.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Trevor Williams with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Trevor Williams: Great. Thanks a lot. With the Q4 outlook for low teens growth, if we think about that as the stepping off point for '25, is there anything in that fourth quarter growth that we should be mindful of either working for or against you that might not carry into next year or that a reasonable baseline for us to use as we start to think about '25? Thanks very much.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. So, first of all we'll talk about '25 at the right time, but let me give you a little bit of color and things to think about between what you're seeing in 2024 and 2025, right? Obviously, you guys know about the leap year effect. And I know you're asking a few poor questions, but more broadly speaking, you've got the leap year effect taking place in 2024. You're not going to have that in 2025. The things which you've got to keep in mind are, number one, we've had significant share wins, which have started to actually roll on in 2024. So, we talked a little bit about the citizens win. We talked a little bit about the Wells Fargo win. We talked about UniCredit, Deutsche Bank. Now, these will lap and the lapping effect of this will come through four quarters after they typically come on our books. So, for example, take something like the Wells Fargo commercial credit win. That was completely migrated onto Mastercard in the second quarter, second quarter of this year, 2024. So, you'll see the lapping effect of that come through in 2025. Similarly, as it relates to citizens, the vast majority of the ramp up on citizens took place in Q2 of 2024 with a little tail effect in Q3. So, you'll see that again lap off in 2025. So, I want to kind of just make sure that you've got that as a line of sight element. The other element is around pricing, right? I mean we've talked a little bit about some of the pricing actions which we've taken for all the innovation investments that we've been doing as a company. You're going to see the lapping effect of that come through as well. So, these are a couple of things which I would keep in mind as you go in from 2024 to 2025. But we'll talk in more detail about '25 at the right time over the next few months.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Friedman with Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Jamie Friedman: Let me echo my warm wishes, Sachin. I wanted to ask about China, if I may. You obviously have high ambitions there and are well positioned and you've had some significant developments on the operating side. So, I was just wondering how you're performing relative to your expectations as you roll out in China.
Sachin Mehra: Thank you. So, you mentioned it, I think, in the July call, you said we're alive now in China. So, we're alive as of May with a whole number of issuers and we're alive in China with a very unique proposition, which is a single use card that can be used domestically as well as cross-border. We've been in China for a long time, but that was a cross-border only use case. Now, this single proposition is a card that gives full global acceptance and it gives increasing domestic acceptance through a combination of measures. One is some of the local QR wallets that you can load your card into so you can benefit from that acceptance. And then, we're busy investing in acceptance across the country. There's interest from the Chinese government to link their economy more closely to the global economy. So, they're keen on building out acceptance so that people who travel into China can use cards as they would normally anywhere else in the world. Now, we're excited about the opportunity for a number of reasons. It's a huge economy, obviously, and we want to participate. So, that is a significant secular opportunity for us as we invest in this market. And this is regardless of up and down of the overall economy in China. This is a share situation. It's a secular opportunity as a starting point. But it will take investment. It will take investment. It will take time. Coming back to the acceptance part, issuing is a little easier to solve, but without acceptance, then that's going to be hard to do. So, we will continue to focus on that. As you know, we have a joint venture there and we have our own set of activities in China through services and so forth, which we continue that we have always done in China. So, exciting opportunity, medium to long term, the fact that we are in China does make us now the most accepted payment solution in the world and that is a differentiating factor for us as we look ahead.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Fahed Kunwar with Redburn Atlantic. Your line is open.
Fahed Kunwar: Hi, thanks, and also part of my well wishes to Sachin as well. Love to get just a bit more on price and we've touched on it a few times over these questions, but you've obviously taken pricing, I think, on cross-border and elements of that. But is there more room for pricing increases? And if we were looking across your stack and suite of products, where do you see that kind of potential for pricing more for value? Thank you.
Sachin Mehra: Sorry, just want to make sure. Can you hear me, Fahed?
Fahed Kunwar: Yes.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. Okay. I'm looking at the end of the day. Yes. Yes. I just want to be sure you can hear me. Look, at the end of the day, I think the way you should think about our philosophy along both our investments as well as how we drive remuneration from those investments is unchanged. We've always been in the business of investing heavily in driving innovation. As we drive innovation, we deliver value to our customers and to our merchants and consumers. And like with every other business, when you make investments, you want to realize the value for that. And that's what we talk about in the nature of pricing. And that's what we do. So, nothing's changed philosophically. I would tell you in terms of how we're running the business there, you can see that year-over-year, we look to make investments from an OpEx standpoint for all the investments we're doing in our people to drive our strategic initiatives that comes up with value propositions, which allows us to price for them. And that's really the way we're executing on our business. I would tell you that if you think about our business, broadly speaking, you should think about it as no different than in the past, right? On the one hand, we're operating in a very competitive market where you're seeing us compete for winning important portfolios. When you do that, you pay rebates and incentives. So, we like to think about pricing in the context of net pricing, which is net of the compression we take on rebates and incentives. And we continue to still see that environment as one where we have minimal net pricing, which is the combination of what we do in the nature of investments and the reiteration we derive for it, net of what we have to do in order to stay competitive in the marketplace. So, it's a combination of both of those factors which we're balancing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Your line is open.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi, thanks for taking my question this morning. Michael, I was wondering if you could give us your reaction to the DOJ antitrust suit against Visa. Comment on whether you see a potential opportunity for Mastercard if the legal and regulatory kind of pressure faced by your competitor ends up shifting some market share around.
Michael Miebach: Right. Ramsey, thanks for the question. So, obviously, we all read the headlines, we saw that allegations have been made. Obviously, we can't comment on that. Our view always has been we have to compete in a competitive market. We're doing it exactly in the way that Sachin just laid out, investing our products and solutions. That's how we win. And that's what we believe in. We believe in choice back in 2016 when we stepped into real time payments we were clearly the first in the industry to do that in a significant way. So, all of that, I think, is true. And we see all of that being differentiated and helping us win. If I look at how we've moved, make moves here in the market, in the U.S. with citizens, how we make moves in the market in Europe with UniCredit or NatWest. So, that model isn't changing. That's exactly what we're doing. If you look back at my prepared remarks, all that we're doing on strengthening our product solutions and our acquisitions and everything there, I think is going to be the way for us to win. I see there is a tremendous opportunity for us and that it's unrelated to this particular set of headlines that are out there. And we'll see how that plays out. But we will lean in with our customers and be there with them for their needs and push on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Will Nance with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Will Nance: Hey, I appreciate you squeezing me in here. I just wanted to kind of follow up on the earlier question around the value-added services that you're attaching to kind of transactions around the world and heard the earlier context around some of the breakouts you provided historically. But I wanted, I was wondering if you could kind of talk specifically to the kind of multi-rail strategy and the embrace of new networks and just what the progress has been and where you see the most opportunity to attach your value-added services to other networks, what those conversations look like? And if there are any kind of areas in the VAS portfolio where you think that you could potentially add more capabilities over time to address some of the needs of other networks. Thanks.
Michael Miebach: Right. It’s interesting when you look at the rise of alternative payment tools, or basically the breadth of the choice that is available to consumers and businesses in terms of payments today. So, you’ve got cards obviously. Then, you have account-to-account payments. You have digital public infrastructure government-sponsored account-to-account, you have P2P systems and so forth. So, the choice is broader than ever before. But if you look at the world outside of cards and you compare it to the world of card payments, wherever cards are available in a competitive-level playing field, a lot of businesses and consumers opt for cards because they give them protections. They give them protections for fraud. They give them protections around digital identity, theft and so forth. And this is coming right back to your question. We see tremendous opportunity here in the cybersecurity space. That is where I think there is the opportunity, the foremost, first and foremost opportunity for our vast portfolio to apply to non-Mastercard transactions. We talked about MasterCard access in the past. So, we have found ways through technology to make the connection into non-Mastercard brand and transactions easier for customers. So, we’re a truly scheme-agnostic provider for a whole range of our services because everybody needs security solutions. So, that’s how we think about it. But data analytics solutions, test and learn, campaign management, what should I have on my shelves, when should I open my branches, these are a set of common questions that customers, particularly in the retail and commerce space, ask us. Again, that’s a set of services that goes way beyond the relationship that we have on the payment side. Again, that is an ability for us to continue to diversify and pull in new customers. So, for us, keeping other payment networks’ transactions safe is an opportunity. We will continue to do that wherever we can and lean in with that.
Devin Corr: Thank you. Brianna, I think we’re out of time for questions. Is there anything, Michael, you’d like to wrap with?
Michael Miebach: Well, I just want to thank everybody again for your support. We’re looking to have you all and hopefully everybody else who’s not on the call, to join us for the Investor Community Meeting on November 13. As I said earlier, this has been a bit of a look back onto the quarter, onto this year, into the fourth quarter. And then, we’re going to take a look further out when we get together in a couple of weeks from now. I’m excited about that. As always, everything that we share with you is the fruit of the work of the 34,000 people here at Mastercard. And I will never have a call where I don’t thank them for everything they do, and that goes out to everyone here at Mastercard. Thank you very much, and speak soon. Take care. Bye-bye.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Julianne, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mastercard Incorporated Q2, 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Mr. Devin Corr, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Devin Corr: Thank you, Julianne. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2024 earnings call. With me today are Michael Miebach, our Chief Executive Officer; and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Michael and Sachin, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then, that the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I'd like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I will now turn the call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Michael Miebach.
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Devin. Good morning everyone. The headline this quarter we delivered very strong results powered by broad based momentum across all aspects of our business. Second quarter net revenues were up 13% and adjusted net income up 24% versus a year ago on a non-GAAP, currency neutral basis. These results were underpinned by healthy consumer spending, including strong cross border volume growth of 17% year-over-year on a local currency basis and value added services and solutions. Net revenue grew 19% year-over-year on a currency neutral basis. The macroeconomic environment remains mixed and we continue to monitor the positives and negatives. A few to note, strength in consumer spending continues to be supported by a solid labor market and wage growth. While there are some signs of labor market growth moderating, this is off very strong levels of job creation, as in also, inflation and interest rates remain in focus. We've seen inflation cool, but to varying degrees across carded and non-carded categories. Price levels are still elevated for many goods and services. Interest rates also remain elevated, but many central banks have started to ease and economic indicators support broader rate reductions. While tailwinds and headwinds to economic growth remain on balance, we remain positive about our growth outlook, but that as a backdrop, we remain focused on executing our strategic priorities, which fuel our growth algorithm across core payments, new payment flows and services. You may remember that we recently announced organizational changes to further increase our focus on these priorities. They included the realignment of both regional operations and payments and services to support our growth algorithm. These changes were designed to accelerate growth and unlock capacity to invest in long-term business opportunities. This also helps us continue to deliver positive operating leverage over the long-term. For example, we plan to redeploy resources into growth markets with high cash levels. We will invest in opening acceptance in new verticals, and we will continue to apply technology to help us realize even more of the shift to digital across both consumer and commercial. We will also enhance and expand our value added services, such as in data analytics, fraud and cybersecurity, particularly as we further embed AI into our products and services. As a result of this organizational realignment, which positions us well for the long-term growth, we expect to incur a onetime restructuring charge in the third quarter. Now, moving on to an update on some specific elements of our growth algorithm. In payments, we're driving growth by winning and retaining deals, and we're tapping into the vast secular shift opportunity by expanding in new geographies and further digitizing the payments ecosystem. Let's start with our continued deal momentum. I'm happy to announce that Varo Bank will convert their debit and credit portfolios to Mastercard. They were the first all digital bank to receive a national charter in the United States. Varo chose Mastercard due to our differentiated data insights, merchant funded offers platform and our ability to seamlessly integrate into their technology stack. We extended our enterprise agreement with Wells Fargo and partnered to launch the Attune World Elite Mastercard. This is our first proprietary consumer credit program with the bank. We also want to renew deals this quarter with key US prepaid partners, including our H&R Block, Blackhawk network, relevate and dash solutions. In aggregate, these partnerships will drive meaningful increase in our US prepaid market share. In Canada, we extended our longstanding partnership with the National Bank of Canada across consumer credit, commercial and prepaid for the next decade. And PostaPay, who already issues millions of Mastercard cards in Italy, has expanded our collaboration to drive additional growth across debit and prepaid. Let's deep dive into a few specific verticals and geographies. Travel is, of course a key focus. It has strong growth potential and a meaningful cross border component. Travel is also a natural fit with our virtual car technology and our marketing loyalty and consulting capabilities. We executed several new travel partnerships this quarter. We signed a deal with global digital payments provider checkout.com to enable them to deploy their virtual card issuing solution to their online travel agency customers. We also announced a multi-year agreement with Wells Fargo and Expedia to launch two new co-brand cards with a range of unique travel benefits. And we executed a new co-brand deal with Dashen and Ethiopian Airlines, the largest airline in Africa.This builds on a co-brand deal with RwandAir and INM Rwanda that we initiated earlier this year. I'm sure it wasn't lost on you that these two last deals I mentioned are in Africa. The continent is a great example of the vast secular opportunity in emerging markets. External sources estimate that approximately 90% of transactions in Africa are made in cash. We are committed to the digital transformation of the regions and we're doing so by ranking up our investments, developing new partnerships and rapidly expanding our acceptance footprint. For example, Africa is the world's largest adopter of mobile money accounts. Our partnerships with large Telco's and mobile network operators like Airtel, MTN, Vodafone Egypt and others put us in a great position to accelerate inclusion and cash conversion. On the acceptance front, we've more than tripled the number of acceptance locations in Africa over the last five years. We recently signed deals with the Commercial bank of Ethiopia, the largest bank in the country, and I&M Bank in Kenya. These partnerships will enable us to increase share in both markets. In Nigeria and Ghana In Nigeria and Ghana, we partner with BlueSoft Financial, who will work with fintechs across the region to issue Mastercard cards. Also, our Mastercard move capabilities are the foundation for a new cross-border money movement solution with Access Bank Group. Together, we're enabling businesses and consumers in several African markets to send and receive international payments across over 140 countries. Now this secular opportunity is not limited to Africa, we see opportunities around the globe. Think about emerging markets in Latin America and Asia Pacific. Fully capitalizing on that secular trend requires that we continue to innovate to support the digital economy at scale, and we're doing just that. We're enhancing the checkout experience and expanding our tap-on-phone acceptance capabilities. We're scaling our contactless technology in areas like transit, and we are driving the ongoing conversion of Maestro to Debit Mastercard. Let's dig into one, online shopping. It must be simple and it must work on all devices and all channels. That's why we are leaning into a new area of one-click payments. We announced that we will phase out manual card entry for e-commerce payments in Europe by 2030 in favor of a one-click checkout button. There are three foundational components to this effort, all anchored on driving simplicity and security. First, tokenization. Tokenization replaces payment credentials with a digitally secure token. When deployed, fraud rates decrease and approval rates improve. So launching a decade ago, the technology has been broadly adopted around the world. In fact, we surpassed $22 billion tokenized transactions in the first half of 2024, up 49% versus a year ago. Second is Click to Pay. Click to Pay simplifies online guest checkout by eliminating the need to manually enter payment credentials. Guest checkout becomes as easy as remembering your e-mail address. It also makes checkout more secure using the token technology I just mentioned. We are working with our merchants and bank partners to drive adoption. Click to Pay transactions more than doubled year-over-year in the first half of 2024. And third, up payment passes. Passkeys eliminate the need for passwords or text for onetime pass cold. They allow consumers to authenticate online, purchases using a fingerprint or facial features that you use every day when opening your phone. When combined, these powerful technologies are enabling us to deliver on our promise of a simple and secure one-click online checkout experience for consumers. We also continue to enhance in-store checkout. For example, we are scaling our biometric checkout program to new regions. In Europe, we're partnering with Polish Fintech payee to allow shoppers to pay with a simple glance. And in Latin America, we are working with Ingenico, so that consumers that participate in supermarkets can pay with a wave. We're also working at pace to migrate Maestro cards to Debit Mastercard outside the United States. Shifting to Debit Mastercard is a critical element of our strategy as we see a 2x spend lift on cards once they are migrated. This is primarily due to the ability to capture both cross-border and online spend on debit Mastercard. The first half of 2024, we converted over 14 million cards, which brings us to almost 300 million cards migrated since 2016. These innovations are examples of the investments we are making to differentiate the MasterCard experience versus other payment methods like P2P or local payment schemes. We also continue to capture the large secular opportunity in targeted new payment flows. Today, I will focus on commercial, starting with accounts payable payments. We are operating from a position of strength. Our market-leading virtual card capabilities have been deployed with over 90 issuers worldwide. Additionally, we are integrating our technology into four of the top five leading global procure-to-pay solution providers, completed the integration of our virtual card technology into Oracle Cloud ERP and commenced invoice payments for the first HSBC corporate customer in US. On the supplier side, we signed several acquirers onto Mastercard receivables managers. This includes Elavon, whose customers are using our AI-powered platform to streamline the process of accepting virtual cards. We also continue to expand distribution of our virtual cards, signing new deals with Brex and ad groups world first. On commercial point of sale, we're increasing the distribution of our commercial card products worldwide. In the US, the Wells Fargo small business credit card portfolio migration is now complete. In Europe, we've extended our partnership with Virgin Money to continue growing our small business portfolio, and our partnership with SAP Concur, which automatically integrates our corporate card data into Concur expense is yielding results. Large insurer Score awarded their T&E card program to Mastercard based on the value delivered through this joint offering. And finally, we're executing against our strategy to penetrate new B2B verticals. This quarter, we signed an exclusive partnership with Latin America, with CBC, the largest Pepsi distributor in the region, and the fintech enabler YalloTech Migo payments. This partnership will provide car distribution acceptance and financial education to almost two million retailers. These small businesses can now use their Mastercard small business cards to purchase inventory and other items. In the health care space, we signed an exclusive partnership with the Medical Tourism Association. They will now accept cards from consumers and utilize virtual cards to make cross-border payments to medical providers. Separately, we are working with Square to broaden card acceptance amongst smaller health care providers in the U.K. Now turning to services, payments support our services and vice versa. Services played an important part in winning many of the deals I just mentioned. And the strong payments drivers helped fuel services growth. That, coupled with strong demand drove 19% value-add services and solutions net revenue growth in the second quarter on a year-over-year currency neutral basis, this is our powerful flywheel turning. I'm excited about our momentum and the future potential whether it's deepening penetration of existing customers, launching new capabilities or distributing our services in new ways and across new customer and transaction types. A few examples. First, our services help to improve MasterCard issuer portfolio performance, thereby supporting our customers' core business objectives. For example, SEB in the Baltics is building their customer loyalty strategy together with Mastercard and Revolut is working with us to develop and execute their marketing strategy, launching campaigns across the U.K., Ireland and Italy. We're also deploying our services across non-FIs, helping to diversify our business and capture a new set of growth opportunities. Customers as varied as Paramount and McDonald's in Taiwan are using our test and learn capabilities to address core business needs, including media measurement and new product introductions. And we're working with LATAM Airlines in Brazil to optimize their co-brand portfolio and develop innovative marketing campaigns. We're partnering to distribute our capabilities in new and more efficient ways, Salesforce has integrated our dispute resolution services into its financial services cloud. This enables banks and other financial institutions to handle disputes and prevent chargebacks more effectively. And KPMG Norway has partnered with the Norwegian government to distribute our risk recount capabilities. The solution will help hundreds of local governments evaluate their cyber risk posture and that of their suppliers. Turning to open banking, we continue to make strong progress in scaling new use cases. I'll use our account opening and account linking use case as an example. Klarna in the US is now using Mastercard's open banking for this purpose. PayPal will leverage account linking, balance check and transaction history for their wallet in the US and Jack Henry will distribute these capabilities to streamline the account opening process for hundreds of issuers they support. So with that, I'll wrap it up. In summary, we delivered another strong quarter of revenue and earnings growth. We're driving growth by winning and retaining deals, we're penetrating the substantial secular opportunity, and we continue to see strong demand for our services. Now our differentiated capabilities, diversified business model and focused strategy position us well to capitalize on the significant opportunity ahead of us. Sachin, over to you.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Michael. Turning to Page 3, which shows our financial performance for the second quarter on a currency-neutral basis excluding where applicable, special items and the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments. Net revenue was up 13%, reflecting continued growth in our payment network and our value-added services and solutions. Operating expenses increased 10%, including a minimal impact from acquisitions. And operating income was up 15%, including a minimal impact from acquisitions. Net income and EPS increased 24% and 27%, respectively, both reflecting the strong operating income growth as well as a lower tax rate in the current quarter compared to Q2, 2023, primarily due to a sizable discrete tax expense in the prior year as well as the change in the geographic mix of earnings. EPS was $3.59, which includes a $0.07 contribution from share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased $2.6 billion worth of stock and an additional $820 million through July 26, 2024. So let's turn to Page 4, where I'll speak to the growth rates of some of our key drivers for the second quarter on a local currency basis. Worldwide Gross Dollar Volume, or GDV, increased by 9% year-over-year. In the US, GDV increased by 6% with credit growth of 6% and debit growth of 7%. Debit growth was aided by the conversion of a previously announced debit win in the US Outside of the US, volume increased 11% with credit growth of 10% and debit growth of 11%. Overall, cross-border volume increased 17% globally for the quarter, reflecting continued strong growth in both travel and non-travel related cross-border spending. Turning to Page 5. Switched transactions grew 11% year-over-year in Q2, both card present and card-not-present growth rates remain strong. Card present growth was aided in part by an increase in contactless penetration as contactless now represents approximately 69% of all in-person switched purchase transactions. In addition, card growth was 7%. Globally, there are 3.4 billion Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards are issued. Turning to Slide 6 for a look into our net revenue growth rates for the second quarter discussed on a currency-neutral basis. Payment network net revenue increased 9%, primarily driven by domestic and cross-border transaction and volume growth. It also includes growth in rebates and incentives, which were lower than anticipated, primarily due to the timing of planned deal activity. Value-added services and solutions net revenue increased 19%, primarily driven by growth in our underlying drivers Strong demand for our consulting, data analytics and marketing services and the scaling of our fraud and security and our identity and authentication solutions. Now let's turn to Page 7 to discuss key metrics related to the payment network. Again, all growth rates are described on a currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. Looking quickly at each key metric. Domestic assessments were up 7%, while worldwide GDV grew 9%, primarily due to mix. Cross-border assessments increased 21%, while cross-border volumes increased 17%, the four ppt difference is primarily driven by mix and pricing. Transaction processing assessments were up 13%, while switch transactions grew 11%. The two ppt difference is primarily due to mix and pricing. Other network assessments were $244 million this quarter. As a reminder, these assessments primarily relate to licensing, implementation and other franchise fees and may fluctuate from period to period. Moving on to Page 8. You can see that on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, excluding special items, total adjusted operating expenses increased 10%, which includes a minimal impact from acquisitions. The growth in operating expenses was primarily due to increased spending to support the continued execution of our strategic initiatives as well as an increase in indirect taxes as discussed on our Q4 2023 earnings call. This was partially offset by the timing of advertising and marketing spend within the year. Turning to Page 9. Let me comment on the operating metric trends in the second quarter and then through the first four weeks of July. As a reminder, our Q1 switch metrics include the impact of the leap year in 2024, which added just over one ppt to growth across each of switched volumes, switch transactions and cross-border volumes. In addition, our switch metrics in Q1 and April were impacted by the timing of Easter, which occurred at the end of Q1 this year as compared to in April in 2023. After adjusting for the leap year, the timing of Easter and excluding the benefit from the US debit portfolio when I previously discussed, our switch metrics in Q2 were generally stable sequentially in the US and across the globe. Looking at the first four weeks of July, trends remained generally stable versus Q2. Turning to Page 10. I wanted to share our thoughts for the remainder of the year. As Michael said, there are a number of economic headwinds and tailwinds that we are monitoring, and we remain focused on executing on our strategy. Business fundamentals remain strong as evidenced by the results we delivered this quarter across all aspects of our business. Our diversified business model underpinned by healthy consumer spending, the continued secular shift to digital forms of payment and strong demand for our value-added services and solutions continues to position us well for the opportunities ahead. Overall, we remain positive about the growth outlook. Now turning to Q3, 2024. Year-over-year net revenue growth is expected to be at the high end of a low double-digit range on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. Acquisitions are forecasted to have a minimal impact to this growth rate while we expect a one to two ppt headwind from foreign exchange for the quarter. From an operating expense standpoint, we expect Q3 operating expense growth to be at the low double-digit range versus a year ago, again, on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. We expect higher growth in advertising and marketing in Q3 compared to the first half of the year primarily driven by the cadence of spend related to our sponsorship activities. Acquisitions are forecasted to have a minimal impact to this OpEx growth for the quarter, while we expect a 0 to one ppt tailwind from foreign exchange. Separately, as Michael mentioned, as part of our recent reorganization, we expect to record a onetime restructuring charge in Q3 of approximately $190 million. This will be recorded as a special item and excluded from our non-GAAP metrics. We expect these actions will free up capacity to further invest in our strategic priorities as we continue to execute on our growth algorithm. We also expect they will contribute to delivering positive operating leverage over the long term. As it relates to the full year we expect net revenue to grow at the high end of a low double-digit range on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. Acquisitions are forecasted to have a minimal impact for the year, and foreign exchange is now expected to be a headwind of approximately one ppt for the year. In terms of operating expenses, our expectations for the full year are to grow at the low end of a low double-digit range on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. Acquisitions and foreign exchange are forecasted to have a minimal impact to this growth for the year. Other items to keep in mind. On other income and expenses, in Q3, we expect an expense of approximately $100 million. This assumes the prevailing interest rates and debt levels continue and excludes gains and losses on our equity investments, which are excluded from our non-GAAP metrics. Finally, we expect a non-GAAP tax rate of between 17% and 18% for Q3 and 17% to 17.5% on a full year basis, all based on the current geographic mix of our business. One last point. I wanted to let you know that we are planning to host an Investor Day in New York on November 13. We look forward to discussing our future plans with you at that time. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Devin.
Devin Corr: Thank you, Sachin. Julianne, please open the call for questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Harshita Rawat from Bernstein. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Harshita Rawat: Good morning. Michael, can you talk about US merchant litigation, the settlement rejection and the ball forward from here? How should we think about the range of outcomes?
Michael Miebach: Right. Thanks, Harshita. You're not asking about the secular opportunity. I know the same. So the merchant settlement. So the first thing I would say is we're disappointed where this has landed for now. And I would describe it as we respectfully disagree with the court's ruling to reject the settlement. This has been negotiated over many years across many parties. I think with best intentions, and they would have produced a lot of benefits for consumers, for merchants and across all parties. So this is now not happening. We are obviously ready and we will take all efforts to ensure that a solution is found before it goes to trial, engage our parties. We've done this in previous scenarios before. It's difficult to speculate our outcomes at this point. But I think this intention to lean in and see how we can provide more security predictability to merchants and to banks and our parties here is what's driving us. So there's a number of co-defendants in this, and everybody will obviously take their own decisions here. But across the board, obviously, there has to be a dialogue and we find the best outcome of this.
Operator: Our next question comes from Trevor Williams from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Trevor Williams: Great. Thanks a lot. I wanted to ask on rebates and incentives growth. I think that came in a little bit better than you guys have been expecting for 2Q. Sachin, if you could just unpack some of the upside there relative to expectations and then any help for what you're expecting for R&I growth over the next couple of quarters.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. Thanks, Trevor. So you're right. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our rebates and incentives did come in slightly lower than our expectations for the second quarter. I just want to kind of take it up a level, just to kind of remind everybody, we're very active in the markets. We are constantly looking at what opportunities exist with existing customers and then with who could be potential new customers. And we have a view on what our pipeline of activities is. So the vast majority of what we had in the nature of better or, I would say, lower rebates and incentives in the second quarter were driven by some of those -- that deal activity not materializing in the second quarter. It still remains in the pipeline. It's still something we expect will occur as the year progresses. And then more specifically, as it relates to Q3, we expect that our rebates and incentives as a percentage of our payment network assessments will be higher than it was in Q2. And it's essentially based on exactly what I just said, which is it's a very rich deal pipeline that we have. And again, this is more of a timing issue than anything else.
Michael Miebach: It comes back to the point. In the end, we want to be in the transactional floor. We want to be relevant to our customers. We want to be relevant in the eyes of the consumers that they have a Mastercard product in their hand, and we fight for the deals that we find strategically relevant that also meet our financial criteria. In the end, it all has to add up in combination between payments and services that our net revenue yield develops positively and that we keep in focus.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Perlin from RBC. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Daniel Perlin: Thanks. Good morning. Can we just spend a second on the realignment of the organization a little bit? I know you talk about it to create capacity and drive incremental growth. I think the question I have is how should we think about that in driving kind of new constituencies as you talk about new verticals and maybe expansion of data analytics. And then more specifically, how does that open up the aperture of the network as we think about that going forward?
Michael Miebach: Right, Dan. So as I said earlier, the idea here is to accelerate growth. The idea is not to reposition our strategy. We've articulated our strategy. You'll hear more of that in the investor community meeting in November and how we see that play out in more detail across our core payment solutions, new flows and the services portfolio. I purposefully stated the point on markets with high cash penetration. So here is as I laid out in the context of Africa, but there's more in other emerging markets around the world, there's a tremendous opportunity here. So we want to strengthen our front line. It's also clear that the recipe to participate in the secular opportunity emerging markets isn't the same as in developed markets. So we're investing in product and so forth. It's pretty clear that on the services side, as far as the areas of focus are concerned. We continue to be guided by underlying strong secular trends, and one of that is for really any of our corporate partners and B2B partners that they want to make sense of their enterprise data and make better decisions. And how do we do that? We do that by leveraging our artificial intelligence solutions set of assistance, a set of fine-tuning how they could have more personalized suggestions to their end consumers, et cetera, et cetera. That's one part, help our customers make better decisions, not changing, but very specific solutions with a higher weightage to AI. And then on the security side and the cybersecurity side, all of this data has to be kept safe. We kept saying that for years. That's a strong secular trend in itself, and making sure that we fine-tune our solutions here. We've got to move faster because the bad guys are also moving faster, and they have the similar technology tools at their hand now. So leveraging artificial intelligence, an example I gave last quarter around Decision Intelligence Pro, that's predicting what is the next card that might be frauded. Before it actually happens, those kind of solutions provide significant lift to our customers in terms of preventing fraud obviously giving peace of mind to their consumers and overall helping our business, and it's a close link to our payments underlying payments business. So all of that -- it's largely the same strategy, but we're really focusing on very specific aspects of that, and there are other aspects of our portfolio that we're going to dial down as a result of this effort.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Togut from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning, Michael and Sachin. Europe continues to be your largest geo by GDV and also highly differentiated growth there continues. Would appreciate your look forward on cash digitization opportunity, thoughts on the consumer. And then the outlook also for cross-border travel in and out of Europe.
Michael Miebach: Right. So let me start. I want to anchor on what you -- how you framed your question. It's been a strong growth story for us in Europe. That's Continental Europe as well as the U.K. We've seen tremendous share growth there. And that's really focusing down and investing more locally in Europe, have a better presence there, engage with national governments as well as with European institutions, which we feel very European and Europe. That's the first thing I would say. When I come back to the times of COVID, it was -- there was a large set of economies in Europe that were lagging, I would argue on the digitization front, changing behaviors to consumers have increased the pressure to digitize further, and it has happened. So we've seen Europe catch up and obviously shows in our numbers. But back to the point of secular opportunity we just discussed. If you look at the economies in Germany, in Italy, there's significant cash in the higher double digits that we're seeing that and we can go after and we will continue to go after. So I continue to expect a growth opportunity there. But it's also true that there are markets that are so highly digitized today that the secular opportunity in itself is something that from cash to check isn't really happening. And there, you come to the point about what are the emerging business models in a highly digitized world. The Nordics is a good example of that. There's a whole new set of business models coming up, and we're supporting those fintechs which is why Europe is one of the geographies around the world where we have a tremendous position in fintech and other market leaders in those partnerships. So I'm excited about the Europe outlook, and we continue to invest there. Bottom line.
Sachin Mehra: And David, on your question around cross-border in and out of Europe, a couple of thoughts around there. Look, I mean, globally, I would say we're well positioned from a cross-border standpoint. You can see that in our metrics. And then as it relates to Europe, back to what Michael just said, as we've been winning portfolios, there's been a mix of portfolios We've been there, some of which are high cross-border and others are lowered from a cross-border standpoint. The idea is to actually be in the flow, participate and create opportunities for ourselves to actually leverage our services, our loyalty assets in order to drive cross-border, whether it's Europe or anywhere else in the world. Last point I'll make is sensitivity to foreign exchange rates, right? Strong dollar certainly helps in terms of the inbound into Europe because you tend to see a lot more travel from the US actually show up in Europe as part of that process. So again, we feel good about the cross-border opportunity, not only in out of Europe, but globally for the company.
Michael Miebach: Right. And one last point to add on -- based on the financial frame that Sachin just put around it, back to the R&I question. So in Europe, we really feel we are well positioned in the market from a share perspective. So this aspect of financial discipline as we continue to look for deals and partnerships in Europe really rises to the top.
Operator: Next question comes from Darrin Peller from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Darrin Peller: Hey guys, thanks. It's good to see the stability into July and the US volume side. So if you could just help us understand a little more on the cadence if there's anything from CrowdStrike or weather? And then I guess, really, Michael, also, more importantly, just the ability for you guys to win these portfolios, if you could help us just remind us understanding what the driving factors are? How much of it is -- if there's any competitive pricing dynamics, how much of it might be just mass, maybe a little bit more of what you see ahead.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. Why don't I take the first part of that question, Darrin. In terms of the trends we've seen for the first four weeks of July, like I said, look, I mean, general stability and drivers across the board. And you can see that on Page 9 of our presentation. And really, I mean, to your question as to whether there was an impact from the events over with CrowdStrike or weather. I mean the reality is the weather piece has a little bit of an impact. That's what I would actually mention. But it's kind of muted in terms of the context that we've got now four weeks' worth of data in there. And so the reality is these things kind of happen, they come a particular week, if you look at it, it might look lower or higher and then there might be a catch-up factor which takes place as we tend to follow. By and large, we feel good about what we're seeing from a consumer spending standpoint, and that's reflective of what you see on the metrics right here.
Michael Miebach: Right. And then the second part of your question, the [indiscernible] market in the US and same as Europe since we just talked about, remains incredibly competitive. I think we haven't seen such elevated level of competition and payments that we're currently seeing. You see a lot of movements in the market. There's banks looking at network opportunities and so forth. So there's a lot going on. But it's also true that for us, we continue to broaden our payment solutions and our service offerings. And really, that comes to that part of your question is what matters here. What matters here is that we can help our customers run their business in a better way. So what are they trying to do and our solutions helping data insights, cybersecurity certainly matter. The fact that cards isn't the best answer to all payments, but there is also a multi-rail set of solutions that customers are looking for. We have all of that. So that puts us in a differentiated position. We're trying to not to sell product but really come in with solutions through our sales force. That's working for us, but it's pretty clear. We have to be financially competitive. That always matters. But if you can have a conversation around the top line outcome with your customer vis-a-vis the cost of payments that changes the dialogue quite significantly. So when I talk to CEOs and the customer side, that's what they're really interested in. So that's working. That's a lot of value that we bring, and we price for that. So we continue to price for that. You've heard us mention pricing changes in the last quarter. So we do that wherever we see the opportunity. Tokenization is a great example. We've invested in tokenization and we needed to scale it up. Now we have an opportunity to build a whole set of services on top of the basic token that we can price for and that we feel we should price for because they drive a better outcome in terms of better approval rates, lower fraud and so forth for our customers. So I think we're well positioned in a very competitive market, and we're going to continue to try to keep that edge.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dave Koning from Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Koning: Yes.Hey, guys. Thank you. And I guess my question on the cross-border line, you've had a very nice positive divergence between constant currency revenues and constant currency volumes. This quarter was about 4%. And I think for 13 quarters in a row, it's been nicely positive. In prior years, it was pretty close to neutral, sometimes even a little negative. Why does that continue to be positive? And how should we think of that going forward? Is that going to stay that nice positive divergence?
Sachin Mehra: Yes, David. So look, I mean, it's like I said, right, it's been driven by favorable mix and a little bit of pricing in the second quarter. The reality is that the mix piece is really what's been actually causing that positive divergence you're talking about. As you are aware, our cross-border volumes are -- and we show you the metrics on this. We have intra-Europe cross-border and then we have other cross-border. Intra-Europe is lower yielding, other cross-border is high yielding for us. And so as you think about this, if the other cross-border volumes are growing at a faster pace than intra-Europe, you tend to see that positive divergence. I'll remind you, during COVID, we actually had the reverse phenomenon take place. We had intra-Europe growing faster than other cross-border and you actually had the reverse happening, which is you had cross-border assessment is growing at a slower clip than the actual underlying driver growth. So that's really what we mean by mix there. And then, of course, there's a pricing which we do back to the point Michael was making around the value we deliver, which is another contributing factor in the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks. Good morning. I was wondering, Sachin, could you just talk about the share gain benefits in the quarter and maybe what's on the horizon. I think you mentioned it in the context of incentives. And then just specific to some of the revenue items or revenue lines. When I look at domestic assessment revenue, that kind of slowed from a trend line that we've seen that was much stronger. I know some of it was FX. But was there anything else similar for other revenues. Those were down a little bit. I know it's a smaller line, but any call-outs there?
Sachin Mehra: So I'll take -- I think there are three questions there. So I'm going to take all three of them, which is -- on domestic assessments, it's -- the delta you're seeing in terms of domestic assessment is growing at 7% compared to GDP growing at 9%, and is primarily being driven by mix. I need to remind everybody that GDV and domestic assessments is not a perfect proxy, just because in domestic assessments, there's a whole bunch of other stuff which is there. You've got card fees. You've got a bunch of stuff going on in there. So there's always going to be some level of kind of difference in terms of growth rates there. But what we like to call out is what are the salient features or factors which are causing for that -- for the different growth rates between domestic assessments and GDV growth. And when I talk about mix there, just so that you're clear, I mean, the mix could come from a whole host of things. So for example, our GDV includes our cross-border volumes. Our domestic assessments do not include our cross-border-related revenues. And so what you've got is with GDV growing you don't have the associated cross-border revenue, which is there, which would come in terms of domestic assessments. You could also have changes in geographic mix. You've got high-yielding and lower-yielding regions and depending on the growth rate of regions, you might see deltas come to the positive or the negative there. So that, Sanjay, is the domestic assessment piece. On the other payment network revenues, again, look, I mean, this is not something which we are necessarily focused on as a business. That is -- it's one of the things which is required to run the network. It's a range of things from licensing fees, implementation fees, franchise fees, things of that sort. And those things move around. So I wouldn't get too fussed about the fact that in one quarter, it grows at an exceptional pace in the next quarter is actually going the opposite direction. Just because, first, the number is fairly small. And second, it's -- there's a whole host of reasons why that might happen. For example, as customers get more compliant, you might have less than the nature of compliance fees that you're charging them. So that's a good thing for the network, by the way, over the long term. And then the last point you asked, actually the first question you asked, which was around share gain benefits in the quarter -- the one I called out really was around the debit conversion in the US And we have previously announced this. We announced our win of the debit portfolio from citizens. We are super pleased with our relationship with citizens. That conversion is going exceptionally well. That conversion for the most part was complete in the second quarter. So we had new [ costs ] which were sent out to customers. So there's a little bit of that, which is there. Again, but what I wanted to share was that when we're looking at drivers, right, between Q2 and the first four weeks of July, or for that matter between Q1 and Q2. When you take out the impact of these share wins, there's still underlying stability in terms of consumer spending trends. On share gains, just so that you've got the overall picture, right? So we've talked a little bit about systems. We had the Webster win. You've got a whole bunch of stuff which will roll on, and those will be multiyear kind of conversions, which will come through. In particular, I'd call out UniCredit. So in UniCredit, we had announced this deal win in 2023. While that conversion is underway. That will be over a multiyear kind of time frame again. Deutsche Bank, again, the conversion is underway. It will take a couple of years before you actually start to set of completion of that. So all of these things will play out over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Just go ahead, your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Thank you. Good results here. Just on the value-added services and solutions, that accelerated. I know there's an easy comp from the first quarter, but any interesting trends in terms of composition of growth within VAS and any call out for the second half of the year in terms of VAS growth?
Michael Miebach: Right. Tien-Tsin, good to hear you. 19%, a strong growth rate for sure. The usual suspects in terms of driving for growth is the payments related part of this, particularly on the cybersecurity side. So that continues to grow and grow very well. So there's more need for more fraud solutions. That's one thing. And on the data analytics side, we continue to see great interest, as I laid out in remarks, test and learn, for example. So I'll give you a number of examples how customers are trying to figure out what kind of campaigns make sense, how can they serve their customers better and so forth. So no particular change there. I think the fundamental trend that I touched on earlier in an earlier response, more infusion of AI across the board to make these products scale better and be more effective, that's certainly a trend. Overall, the whole mix of this is largely unchanged. We continue to invest in newer aspects of our services portfolio, particularly in the open banking side. I talked through a couple of use cases here. They still have scale up in a significant way, but we feel we're well positioned in Europe, Australia and the US on the open banking side. So good to see. We said in the first quarter where we had a slightly lower growth rate. We're going to be higher quarter -- every single quarter for the rest of this year, and that is playing out as predicted. So occasionally, you have tougher comps and so forth, but this is a pretty solid trend for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Dolev from Mizuho, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Dan Dolev: Oh, hey, guys. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question last quarter. I believe you gave us a cadence on rebates and incentives, growing slower in the second half versus the first half. Can you maybe give us a little bit more color on to the cadence of rebates and incentives this year. And great results again.
Sachin Mehra: Dan, yes, last quarter, I shared with you a point of view around what we thought rebates and incentives would look like in the second quarter. And what we had said is it would be flat to slightly lower for the second quarter. And in the second quarter, rebates and incentives came in lower than the first quarter, lower than even what we had expected for the reasons which I mentioned earlier, which is the timing of deal activity. And then today, I shared with you what I think will be rebates and incentives in the third quarter, which we expect that rebates and incentives as a percentage of payment network assessments will be higher in the third quarter compared to the second quarter. We really haven't shared much on nature of rebates and incentives beyond that. So really just for clarification, that's what I want to share with you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Jeffrey from William Blair. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Jeffrey: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Michael, I want to ask about open banking and particularly in the US hearing some conflicting things about the price of real-time payments, interchange in real-time payments, I guess, versus debit, especially Durbin-regulated debit and perhaps the enthusiasm on consumers' behalf to pay from their bank accounts, but maybe some charge back and customer service dispute issues that banks are facing. I just wonder if you could maybe parse some of the puts and takes and give an outlook on the future of open banking, particularly in the US
Michael Miebach: Right. So interesting, you call that out. I just mentioned that just before. And I said it's not quite where I think most market participants would have wished open banking got to over the years. And that applies, I think, globally. Here in the United States, when I look at open banking with a focus on particular services, a set of actions around account opening or account linking or data aggregation or things like that, we see good momentum. I talked about that earlier. When it comes to payments, the payment side of open banking, it's still true that the value that the card ecosystem brings is significant, and you made a point on chargebacks. That is -- it's not comfortable if there is a problem, and then there is no established way to get your money back. On cards, we do that. The same is for fraud protection. I think we know exactly how that works in the world of card payments. It's not so clear yet in the world of counter account payments. Nevertheless, it's our role as an ecosystem custodian to understand where emerging technologies are going, whereas customer interest going that consumers want to use their data footprint to get better services, well, absolutely. First of all, that starts with data protection and data consent management, which we invest a lot of energy on. But then to say, all right, how could this kind of technology be used. So we do invest in it, which is why we called out open banking as an element of kind of future-oriented activity for us and investment. What we currently see are those use cases that I mentioned, they are the most near-term opportunity. And this is around lending. It's around account Opening, account linking, asset verification, and more recently around data aggregation. Our smart subscription solution is one example of that. That works really well for consumers. If you got 15 subscriptions and you see them in one place and it makes a real difference. So I think it's evolving. It's evolving and we're at the forefront of evolving it, but we're also trying to make sure that it's understood that the value we bring through cards is really unparalleled.
Operator: Our next question comes from Fahed Kunwar from Redburn Atlantic. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Fahed Kunwar: Hi both. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask about profitability. Obviously, there's a lot of various moving parts with VAS growing really nicely, cross-border. How do you think about margin expansion, though versus kind of investing in all of these various product areas in distribution and the products themselves, should we expect margins to carry on expanding as they have been? Or will there be continued areas of investment that you think will kind of drive expenses higher from here?
Sachin Mehra: So a couple of thoughts here for you, which is, number one, I think we mentioned in the past and this philosophy of ours remains unchanged, which is we aspire to deliver positive operating leverage, which is showing -- driving net revenue growth at a faster clip than operating expense growth over the long term. So that's really what the aspiration is for how we're running the business. The most important thing to remember is we're running the business for top line growth and bottom line growth. And in order to do that, we keep a very close eye on making investments to drive growth in the near term, medium term and long term. So yes, we are investing in things which will drive growth in the near, medium and long term. That is super essential from our perspective, not only because that's what our shareholders desire, but also because we believe the set of opportunities in front of us are sizable. And so for us to leave those opportunities underinvested would be a bad move for the long-term health of our company. So we will continue to invest in the business. We will do that with the strategic priorities, which Michael has laid out. With that focus, we will constantly look at those priorities to see how the market conditions are evolving, and we will pivot as necessary. But the general kind of flow is, yes, we will continue to invest in the growth of our business because we see tremendous opportunity on a going-forward basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Golding from Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Golding: Thanks so much for taking the question. I wanted to ask about AI in a fraud sense. I know that you're incorporating AI into your products and presumably as part of VAS to combat fraud. Just wanted to ask what you're seeing in terms of the offense of fraud using AI and how that might accelerate the adoption of your new products and your investment in new products around AI to combat that.
Michael Miebach: Right. So with rapid digitization around the world, we've seen a lot of new entrants into the ecosystem. A lot of small businesses have digitized post-COVID as you see in emerging markets, a lot of people for the first time using digital solutions. So digitalization is growing, vulnerabilities are growing and technology in the hands of fraudsters is also evolving. So this makes for an environment where players like ourselves who oversee an ecosystem, a franchise between banks and merchants and for the benefit of the end consumer need to really invest in safety and security. We've done that. And AI isn't actually anything new for us. So we've -- for the better part of a decade, we've been using AI. This is a discrete machine learning technology to really predict where is the next problem and analyze data of -- that we have and the data that our customers have to prevent fraud. So that's been very successful. As far as generative AI is concerned, evolving technology here, there's obviously an opportunity for us to understand more data in a quicker way. And we have used that initially to you to train our AI models, our discriminative AI models using generative AI to create artificial data set. So that was the first step. And then we went into putting out a new set of products. I mentioned Decision Intelligence. Our Decision Intelligence is that we've had for a long time, machine learning driven that was predicting fraud outcomes and now we're using more data sets to -- that are externally available, stole the card data and so forth to understand where our fraud vulnerabilities might be. The lift is tremendous, 20%, we see in terms of effectiveness out of that product. So we start to see demand for the whole reason on the vulnerabilities that I talked about. So we expect continued growth. We also expect the fraudsters to come up with new techniques themselves, we need to continue to evolve. So I believe that the penetration of generative AI and our fraud and cybersecurity product that will only expand. Now I talked a lot about transaction-related fraud. The vectors around cybersecurity, obviously much broader. It's prediction of fraud. It is what's the general cybersecurity posture of a company, risk recon capabilities and so forth. We try to cover the whole ecosystem and become a true strategic partner of our customers. So if anything, this whole space is going to grow further, and you're going to continue to see us invest in that area.
Devin Corr: We time for one more question, Julianne.
Operator: Our last question will come from Andrew Schmidt from Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Schmidt: Hi, Michael. Hey, Sachin, thanks for squeezing me in. I just want to double-click on macro viewpoint. If I hear in the message correctly, it sounds like not mix, but consumer spend trends are stable for the most part. If you could just double click on that and let us know if there's any divergence amongst different consumer demographics and correspondingly what that might mean for debit versus credit, transaction sizes, anything like that, that would be super helpful.
Michael Miebach: Right. So at the outset of my prepared remarks, I talked about the puts and takes on inflation, on the prices. The bottom line there is that for now, the consumer is supported, and that's pretty much irrelevant of income cohort, is supported by a strong labor market. So that's fundamentally true, and it's fundamentally true around the world. But it's in aggregate, but it's not a uniform answer. The picture obviously plays out very differently country-by-country. We have a very global business. So we look at what is the Central Bank of Japan doing and we saw that today. They raised rates. And then Europe, you see Germany came through with actually a small recession in the past quarter. So there's a lot of back and forth. But that fundamental point that the consumer is supported by a strong labor market and some wage growth. I think that's true, and we don't expect any dramatic changes on that front, and that's why we remain positive about the outlook. You peel the onion a bit further, you look into different cohorts. And it's pretty clear that when it comes to higher income versus lower income, if you spend on an expensive trip or an experiences during the summer, whatever you're trying to do, you have more income, then you can do more of that and you have less income and you can do less of that. What we generally see though as a function of the digital economy. The higher-end consumer, but certainly the mid-income and lower-income consumer is much more empowered, empowered by having more data and the ability to look for a better deal. And that's what everybody is trying to do to make things add up and work for them that they still want to do that trip. So all of that together overall adds up to a picture that we feel pretty good, at least about our side of the business. And why do I say that? Because inflation and prices cut across carded and non-carded. But we are obviously particularly positioned. So you saw that rise. And right now, you see a lot of inflation in auto insurance and rent. That's not necessarily so much carded. So these are all the things that we think through comes back down to the fundamental point in aggregate, we see healthy consumer spending and don't see that changing in the short term.
Sachin Mehra: And Andrew, I'll just add one point, and Michael touched on this before, which is at the end of the day, our diversified business model lends really well in different environments because at the end of the day, right, we are geographically diversified. We've got great diversification across debit and credit. We've got good diversification around channels of spend. So the reality is when these puts and takes take place in certain sectors of the economy, a dollar spent on one sector versus the dollar spent on the other sector, we're relatively indifferent so long as it's got to spend. And that diversification really helps our business the way we are actually structured, which has not happened by chat. It's happened by design. And so that's something which is super important for us.
Devin Corr: Thank you. Now I'll hand it back to Michael for any closing comments.
Michael Miebach: All right. Thanks, Devin. So everybody past, we talked about the momentum and a good quarter. all of this obviously only happens because it takes the hard work of our colleagues at Mastercard, I thank them, and I also want to thank you for your support for Mastercard. We're looking forward to speak to you in a quarter from now and hopefully see some of you at our Investor Day Community Meeting on November 13 in New York. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Audra, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mastercard Inc. Q1 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 Mr. Devin Corr, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference. 
Devin Corr: Thank you, Audra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2024 earnings call. With me today are Michael Miebach, our Chief Executive Officer; and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments for Michael and Sachin, the operator will announce you opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. There is only then that the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. 
 Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I would like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I will now turn the call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Michael Miebach. 
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Devin. Good morning, everyone. Our momentum continued this quarter as we once again delivered strong revenue and earnings growth. Quarter 1 net revenues were up 11% and adjusted net income up 16% versus a year ago on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis. These results were powered by healthy consumer spending and strong cross-border volume growth of 18% year-over-year on a local currency basis. We had new deal wins in every region, and we're driving growth by scaling our innovative technologies. That's why people choose Mastercard, a simple, seamless and secure way to pay. With these strong results, we are reiterating our full year 2024 outlook for both net revenue and operating expense on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. On the macroeconomic front, the picture remains mixed. First, strong labor markets and solid wage growth remain in countries across the globe. This is supportive of healthy consumer spending. Second, inflation has been moderating with a path towards normalization of monetary policy in most countries. Persistent inflation in the United States could delay rate cuts here. And third, geopolitical uncertainty remains in several countries. In addition to these areas, we are closely monitoring the strength of the dollar, commodity prices and consumer balance sheet health. With tailwinds and headwinds to economic growth remain on balance, we are positive about the growth outlook. With this backdrop, we are focused on our strategic priorities: consumer payments, new flows and services and new networks. The recent realignment of our organizational structure will help our teams to execute on these priorities faster to deliver more value to our partners and customers. 
 In payments, our growth algorithm consists of being in the flow to capture the natural growth of economies, accelerating the secular shift to electronic payments, further penetrating new flows, growing market share and optimizing our customer portfolios. I will address a few of those. Starting with the shift to digital for person to merchant payments, this secular opportunity has been a very important component of our growth algorithm across both volume and transactions. We are confident this will continue over the long term. Our acceptance footprint is a key competitive advantage, and we continue to expand our reach globally while enhancing the user experience for digital transactions through our technologies. Our fast and secure Contactless technology has been instrumental in displacing cash. Contactless now represents more than 2 of every 3 in-person [ switch ] purchase transactions, up from 1 in 3 prior to the pandemic. And our Tap on Phone capabilities are simply a cost-effective way for merchants of all sizes to accept digital card payments. We're now live in over 100 markets. In Brazil alone, the number of active devices is now over 1.5 million. And Apple continues to expand Tap to Pay on iPhone in markets like Brazil, where recently the solution was rolled out by fintechs, Stone, [ NuBank ], SumUp and Cloud Walk. As payments become more digital, there is an increasing demand from consumers and merchants for a simpler and more secure payment experience. Whether online or through a wallet provider, our tokens, deliver an elevated level of security and payment credentials are shared between the bank and the merchant. This improves the performance of a client's portfolio while supporting new ways to pay. This key differentiator creates a flywheel effect. Lower fraud, higher approval rates and a better consumer experience bring more transactions and volume to the MasterCard network, which in turn drives more payments revenue and brings more data. Tokens also create a streamlined way to accelerate the monetization of associated services to our customers. 
 In quarter 1, tokenized transactions grew over 50% year-over-year with more room to go as only approximately 1 in 4 transactions on the MasterCard network are tokenized today. Further opportunity lies in the verticals traditionally underpenetrated by Card. Merchants are embracing solutions to simplify checkout, reduce missed payments and drive engagement. We are focused on segments such as housing and health care that have sizable spend and where our solutions can address the needs of providers and consumers. Rent payments is one vertical where we are working with aggregators to enable digital payments. 
 In health care, we're partnering with several providers to grow acceptance in key markets like Germany. And we are playing in the gaming community or puns intended, with partners like global video game commerce company, Xsolla to improve the payment experience. The opportunity to bring more transactions onto the Mastercard network remains. We now switch approximately 2/3 of our total transactions worldwide, up from approximately 55% in 2018. Our actions in markets where switching penetration was historically low like Japan, Mexico, Colombia and Chile have increased this penetration, and we will continue to focus on this. My takeaway for you is the secular opportunity is large and it's lasting, and we are well positioned to go after it. Our momentum also continues with issuers and co-brand partners as we are winning new deals and retaining key business in every region. 
 Starting in the Americas. In the fi quarter, we further solidified our position in Brazil. signing an agreement with Banco Bradesco, one of the largest banks in the market across credit, commercial and services. We're making great progress in converting the previously announced debit wins in the United States. The Fiserv Money Network card program for the California Employment Development Department has now gone live with Mastercard. On the conversions of Citizens and Webster, we are well underway. We're further strengthening our leadership position with retail co-brands in the U.S., Mastercard will be the exclusive network for the Citi issued Dillard's co-brand. We have also extended our long-standing partnerships with Target and the TJX companies. In Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa, we signed a 10-year exclusive partnership with First Abu Dhabi Bank, the largest bank in the UAE. The agreement spans consumer and commercial issuance across UAE, Saudi Arabia, Oman and Egypt. We entered into a new exclusive co-brand agreement across the EMEA region with Global Hotel Alliance, the world's largest alliance of independent hotel brands. And in India, we signed a 10-year consumer credit issuance deal with Axis Bank.  And finally, in Europe, we extended our long-standing partnership with [indiscernible]. The deal renews our payments relationship with one of the largest banks in the region while continuing to embed comprehensive marketing, consulting and loyalty solutions. These examples, like many others, are true partnerships. Our teams are invested in making them a win-win experience, and we will continue to use our innovative product capabilities and differentiated service offerings and our solution selling approach [ produce ] positive results for our customers and for Mastercard. Now you asked before, why are we winning? That's exactly why we're winning.  
 Moving next to the new flows pillar of our growth algorithm. We continue to execute against our strategy to further penetrate the addressable market in targeted areas like commercial payments, and disbursements and remittances. Growth in commercial is about making sure we are connected to the right partners and have the right solutions to power growth. made great strides in securing key partnerships, including traditional banks, travel and ERP providers. We previously announced our expanded agreement with Wells Fargo in the U.S. As part of our small business relationship, I'm happy to share that we've made significant progress in the conversion of this card portfolio to the Mastercard network. Also this quarter, we won our first commercial credit issue deal with SBI Card in India. In commercial solutions [ we're ] components of the Banco Bradesco and First Abu Dhabi Bank deals I mentioned earlier.  
 In addition to aligning with the right partners, it's also about having the right solutions to help commercial clients address their needs, like consumers, they want an easy and secure payment experience. Our new innovative mobile virtual card app enables commercial cards to be seamlessly added to digital wallets as we do as a consumer, but businesses can easily enable employees to pay for expenses with a click and a smile. At the same time, they can optimize back-office processes with robust spend controls, enhanced reconciliation data. HSBC Australia and Westpac will be the first financial institutions to offer this solution. The same principle applies to the open-loop commercial fleet space, where we are the market leader. Our differentiated capabilities have positioned us as a preferred partner with the market-leading fleet providers such as Corepay. And fleet fintech AtoB has announced they will now convert their commercial credit card program exclusively to the Mastercard network.  
 And sticking to new flows, disbursement and remittances, we continue to extend our reach to new markets. In quarter 1, we grew transactions by over 40%, [ in combined ], our portfolio of domestic and international money movement capabilities into 1 offering, Mastercard Move. It includes our Mastercard Send and cross-border services and reaches nearly 10 billion endpoints worldwide. This quarter, we extended our reach further in China with our connection to Alipay, in the U.S., we're partnering with Verituity to create a white label solution for banks to modernize their disbursements and remittances through a plug-and-play solution. And we will work with Sweden based Pagero to support account-based cross-border and domestic payments.  
 Now shifting from payments to services and new networks, another important component of our growth algorithm. It starts with a powerful set of diversified solutions with best-in-class fraud capabilities, data analytics, consulting, marketing, loyalty, identity and open banking assets. These carefully curated assets help us grow and diversify our revenues and differentiate our payments. We drive growth in services and new networks across several vectors. First, remember, a portion of our services revenue is driven by payments. and these metrics continue to perform well. In addition, we're driving growth by increasing the penetration of existing customers. We're extending our services across new customers and new payment flows and we build and deploy new solutions.  
 Here are a few examples of how we're executing against these. Starting with increasing penetration with existing customers, success in delivering our services, strengthen relationships and can generate opportunities for future service engagements. Our best-in-class conversion support is often an entry point. A great example is with Westpac in Australia and New Zealand, where we expanded our service offerings to include digital strategy, marketing solutions, innovation sprints and portfolio optimization campaigns. We have a diverse set of solutions to also help banks manage critical business needs outside of payments, take credit risk, for example, core to all banks. Our consultants are working with Ford Brazil to improve their credit policies and management.  
 In a Saudi National Bank, we are enabling new credit risk modeling and scoring capabilities. There's still room to further penetrate services. Our top 50 services customers on average are using 2 to 3x more services than the balance of our issuing and acquiring customer base. We're also driving growth by extending our reach across multiple rails and networks outside of the Mastercard network. Mastercard Access provides customers with a single trusted connection to quickly and easily source a suite of services and we are seeing great traction. For example, Saudi National Bank will leverage Access to deploy a set of scheme-agnostic services across their portfolio. We also continue to innovate and develop new services and solutions. This helps us to meet the evolving needs of our clients while growing our addressable target market. Here's an example. Think about how people are shifting to streaming and other digital services. As they do, they're looking for 1 simple view of all their subscriptions. I think we've all been there. It's why we developed smart subscriptions. It's an open banking powered solution that puts a simple dashboard of all subscriptions regardless of network right into their consumer banking application. Cybercrime is a growing concern, last year alone, people in the United States lost over $12 billion to Internet scams. Scam Protect builds on the cybersecurity protections we have delivered for years, combines our identity biometric AI and open banking capabilities to identify and prevent scans before they occur. As part of this, we're partnering with organizations around the world, including Verizon, to collaborate on new solutions to protect consumers. By combining Mastercard's Identity Insights with Verizon's robust network technologies, new AI power tools will be designed to more accurately identify and block scammers. We continue to enhance our solutions with generative AI to deliver even more value, a world-leading real-time fraud solution, Decision Intelligence, has been helping banks score and safely approve billions of transactions, ensuring the safety of consumers and the entire payments networks for years. The next-generation technology, Decision Intelligence Pro is supercharged by generative AI to improve the overall score and boost fraud detection rates on average by 20%. So overall, there's a strong demand for our services and new networks across a diverse customer base. They continue to grow faster than the core, and we remain optimistic about the opportunity ahead. With that, I will wrap it up. In summary, we delivered another strong quarter of revenue and earnings growth. We are successfully executing against our strategy in realizing our growth algorithm. Our differentiated capabilities, our diversified business model and our focused strategy poses well to capitalize on the significant opportunity in front of us. Sachin, over to you. 
Sachin Mehra: Well, thank you, Michael. Turning to Page 3, which shows our financial performance for the first quarter on a currency-neutral basis, excluding where applicable, special items and the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments. In line with our outlook, net revenue was up 11%, reflecting continued growth in our payment network and value-added services and solutions. Operating expenses increased 9%, including a minimal impact from acquisitions. And operating income was up 12%, including a minimal impact from acquisitions. Net income and EPS increased 16% and 19%, respectively, both reflecting the strong operating income growth as well as [ the ] lower tax rate, primarily due to a change in geographic mix of earnings and discrete tax benefits related to share-based payments. EPS was $3.31, which includes a $0.07 contribution from share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased $2 billion worth of stock and an additional $815 million through April 26, 2024.  
 Let's turn to Page 4, where I'll speak to the growth rates of some of our key drivers for the first quarter on a local currency basis. Worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV increased by 10% year-over-year. In the U.S., GDP increased by 6% with credit growth of 6% and debit growth of 6%. Outside of the U.S. volume increased 13% with credit growth of 12% and debit growth of 13%. The Overall, cross-border volume increased 18% globally for the quarter, reflecting continued strong growth in both travel and non-travel related cross-border spending.  
 Turning now to Page 5. Switched transactions grew 13% year-over-year in Q1. Both card-present and card-not-present growth rates remained strong. Card-present growth was aided in part by increases in contactless penetration as Contactless now represents approximately 67% of all in-person, Switched to Purchase Transactions. In addition, card growth was 8%. Globally, there are 3.4 billion Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards issued.  
 Turning to Slide 6 for a look into our net revenue growth rates for the first quarter discussed on a currency-neutral basis. Payment network net revenue increased 8%, primarily driven by domestic and cross-border transaction and volume growth and also includes growth in rebates and incentives. Value-Added Services & Solutions net revenue increased 15% despite tougher comps in Q1 2023. This growth was primarily driven by strong growth in our underlying drivers and continued demand for our Consulting and Marketing Services, Loyalty Solutions and Fraud and Security capabilities. This was partially tempered by slower relative growth in our other solutions.  
 Now let's turn to Page 7 to discuss key metrics related to the payment network. Again, all growth rates are described on a currency-neutral basis, unless otherwise noted. Looking quickly at each key metric. Domestic Assessments were up 10%, while Worldwide GDV also grew 10%. Cross-border Assessments increased 22%, while Cross-Border volumes increased 18%. The 4 ppt difference is primarily driven by favorable mix and pricing. Transaction Processing Assessments were up 12%, while Switched Transactions grew 13%. The 1 ppt difference is primarily due to lower revenues related to FX volatility versus the prior year, partially offset by favorable mix. Other Network Assessments were $226 million this quarter. As a reminder, these assessments primarily relate to licensing, implementation and other franchise fees and may fluctuate from period to period.  
 Moving on to Page 8. You can see that on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, excluding special items, total adjusted operating expenses increased 9%, which includes a minimal impact from acquisitions. The growth in operating expenses was primarily due to increased spending to support the continued execution of our strategic initiatives as well as an increase in indirect taxes as discussed on our Q4 earnings call. This was partially offset by the timing of advertising and marketing spend.  
 Turning to Page 9, let me comment on the operating metric trends in the first quarter and through the first 4 weeks of April. As a reminder, our Q1 Switched metrics include the impact of the leap year in 2024, which added just over 1 ppt of growth across each of Switched volumes, Switched Transactions and Cross-Border volumes. In addition, our Switched metrics in Q1 and in the first 4 weeks of April were impacted by the timing of Easter, which occurred at the end of Q1 this year as compared to in April in 2023. After removing the impact of those 2 items, our operating metric trends were generally stable for the quarter as well as when looking at the first 4 weeks of April. A few items to note. U.S. Switched volume and transaction growth benefited from the commencement of the conversion of the Citizens debit portfolio to Mastercard. Outside of the U.S., growth was negatively impacted primarily by the lapping of the conversion of the NatWest debit portfolio to Mastercard. Cross-border card-not-present, ex travel continues to show strength and cross-border travel growth was impacted by tougher comps as we continue to lap the recovery of travel, particularly in Asia Pacific, which opened up later from COVID restrictions than the rest of the world.  
  Turning to Page 10. I wanted to share our thoughts for the remainder of the year. Our business fundamentals remain strong and our diversified business model and momentum with customers position us well for the opportunities ahead. This is all underpinned by healthy consumer spending, the secular shift to digital forms of payment and strong demand across our value-added services and solutions offerings. As Michael said, there are a number of headwinds and tailwinds that we are monitoring, and we stand ready to manage investment levels as appropriate, while maintaining focus on the execution of our strategy. Overall, we remain positive about the growth outlook. As it relates to the full year 2024, our thoughts for net revenue and operating expenses remain unchanged on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. We expect net revenue to grow at the high end of a low double-digit range on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. This reflects continued healthy consumer spending and higher value-added services and solutions growth in all quarters for the balance of the year as compared to Q1. Acquisitions are forecasted to have a minimal impact for the year. And foreign exchange is now expected to be a headwind of 1 to 2 ppt for the year, primarily driven by the recent appreciation of the U.S. dollar. 
 In terms of operating expenses, our expectations for the full year are to grow at the low end of a low double-digit range on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. Acquisitions are forecasted to have a minimal impact to this growth rate for the year, while we expect a 0 to 1 ppt benefit from foreign exchange. 
 Now turning to Q2 2024. Year-over-year net revenue growth is expected to be at the low double-digit range on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. Acquisitions are forecasted to have a minimal impact to this growth rate, while we expect an approximately 2 ppt headwind from foreign exchange for the quarter. From an operating expense standpoint, we expect Q2 operating expense growth to be at the low end of a low double-digit range versus a year ago, again, on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. Acquisitions are forecasted to add 0 to 1 ppt to this OpEx growth and foreign exchange is expected to be a tailwind of approximately 1 ppt for the quarter. 
 Other items to keep in mind, on other income and expenses in Q2, we expect an expense of approximately $85 million. This expense is higher than what we had in Q1, driven by lower forecasted net average cash balances in Q2, primarily due to higher working capital requirements as well as the geographic mix of cash. This assumes the prevailing interest rates and debt levels continue and excludes gains and losses on our equity investments, which are excluded from our non-GAAP metrics. Finally, we expect a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 17% for both Q2 and on a full year basis, all based on the current geographic mix of our business. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Devin. 
Devin Corr: Thank you. [ Audra ], you may open up the line for Q&A now. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Sanjay Sakhrani at KBW. 
Sanjay Sakhrani: Yes. Sachin, just a question on the guide. I mean, it seems like a lot of the guide lower on revenues is just FX, but I'm just confirming when we look at the volume and yield trends, those seem to be doing fairly well, if not slightly better than expectations. And you mentioned the conversion beginning, just trying to think through as we look ahead, it seems like those trends seem constructive. I just want to make sure that's the way you're looking at it. 
Sachin Mehra: Sanjay, I think you said it exactly right. First of all, just to be very clear, like I said, our guide for the full year on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions, is unchanged relative to what we shared at the last earnings call. what we're seeing, generally speaking, is healthy consumer spending. These trends are very much in line with what we expected when we put the guide out in the first place. So nothing unusual to report from an overall spending trend standpoint. Obviously, the U.S. dollar has appreciated quarter-over-quarter. And what you're seeing is really our best reflection of what we think the impact of the strengthening U.S. dollar is going to be on our as reported numbers, which is what we shared with you. That's the only real update. Our guide otherwise is very much unchanged. And as it relates to your question on conversions, the conversions which are taking place are very much things which we had contemplated in our original guide. So that's very much part and parcel of what we had contemplated. So business as usual, I want to be very clear, there's nothing which has really changed from a guide standpoint, when you look at it on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. 
Operator: We'll move next to Craig Maurer at FT Partners. 
Craig Maurer: Two questions. First, it looks in the April trends as if the most material slowdown was intra-Europe cross-border. Could you just confirm if that's the case and if that was really predominantly Easter like you suggested. Secondly, we should be coming up on the 6-month anniversary of your announcement of Chinese domestic market approval. When should we expect the first transaction to be processed? And have you been able to work out whether you'll be able to use existing issued cards in the domestic market after a workaround on the EMV code or will you have to reissue? 
Sachin Mehra: Craig, I'll take the first question. Your observation on intra-Europe is exactly right. What you're seeing in the first 4 weeks of April is exactly what you said. It's related to the timing of Easter. Easter has actually a more pronounced impact in intra-Europe and that's why you're seeing a more exaggerated number out there. And then on your second question, as it relates to China, Michael is going to just take that right now. 
Michael Miebach: So on China, we got the license in November, and we shared our excitement about that. So the excitement continues. The teams have been busy building out issuance relationships with our banking partners in China and building out the acceptance footprint. We're obviously not starting from 0 here. We had a strong cross-border business. So we have relationships in play that give us a heads up. There was a time line associated with the license, and we're expecting to go live with the first transactions to a very specific question here in the month of May. As far as using existing cards in China, I think the key question here behind that is -- how can you use existing acceptance in China and start to generate volume. And here, our approach is through the partnership with the digital wallets to have cards put into the digital wallet so they can be used at the whole wide range of merchants in China. So I do want to say we are excited. At the same time, it's clear we're going to start processing, [indiscernible] transactions domestically, this is a medium- to long-term opportunity. In the short term, there's more work that we need to do to build out more acceptance and continue to get more card programs out, but we feel very encouraged about that. Our teams are very busy with that activity. 
Sachin Mehra: And Craig, I'll just add a couple of points as it relates to China. One, I think you might have seen in the press that the Chinese government is pushing hard to increase inbound cross-border travel by expanding acceptance of international cards. That's their way of making sure that they're encouraging tourism inbound into the country. And we're actively working on expanding our footprint there, just expanding on what Michael said. That's point number one, as it relates to how we're seeing the China play, play out. The second point I'll make on China is -- it's kind of interesting when you think about a MasterCard card issued in China going forward, that will probably be 1 of the few networks which is most widely accepted across the globe, just by virtue of the fact that those cards are now going to be accepted in China and they're already accepted across the globe, different from our competitors in many ways. So we like what we're doing in terms of pursuing our strategy down there. I just wanted to make sure I kind of brought those 2 points out as well. 
Operator: We'll go next to Ramsey El-Assal at Barclays. 
Ramsey El-Assal: Michael, how would you characterize or how do you think about the penetration rate of existing customers when it comes to value-added services. It's more important part of the growth algorithm, how do you measure -- how do you think about how mature the long-term opportunity is when it comes to cross-selling value-added services into your base? 
Michael Miebach: Ramsey, you are hitting on a really important point. value-added services, a key differentiator for our payment solutions, payment solutions. The link is pretty clear, more volume, more data, and I talked about the whole growth algorithm earlier on the call. Now this doesn't just naturally have to us. It requires really focused execution. To your point, we are all at any point in time, very clear what our cross-sell ratios are, what value we can offer to our customers and who we have it offered to and who we haven't offered it to. I give you a stat earlier that talked about that you have 2 to 3x more services with our top 50 customers. So there is tremendous potential in there. And our teams are very focused on that. Across the company, we have our existing relationship manager, sales force out there across the whole world, but we're also having a set of very specific more hunter-oriented sales forces that drive very specific new products with deep value that we drive into separate selling centers into these customers. So it's a pretty broad approach. At any point in time, we see that data, and we drive that because as you said, this is a near-term growth opportunity that we should leverage and we will. 
Operator: We'll go next to Harshita Rawat at Bernstein. 
Harshita Rawat: Michael, can you talk about the U.S. merchant class action settlement. I know this still needs to be approved by the courts, but how should we think about the implications from the changes proposed on surcharging for specific brands? And how do you think you stay down? 
Michael Miebach: Right. Thanks, Harshita. So the first word, I would say, relief. This has been long standing, and we are happy that there was an agreement found with the merchant community as well as with Visa and this is behind us. So what this was about is the U.S. merchant rules class. So what was in focus here was the business rules that make up the Mastercard promise. And the conversation was around how can we provide opportunities to merchants to manage their cost of acceptance on 1 hand, at the same time, how do we keep the major promise to consumers of the Mastercard brand and that is, you can pay anywhere and you will not be discriminated against your payment. So that was the toggle over the years and an agreement was reached. And basically, what happens is we're going to have a mild reduction of interchange rates, number one. and we're providing more clarity and simplification around surcharging rules and discounting rules on the 1 hand. At the same time, we retain the promise of [ to ] honor all card rule out there. So that is what is out there. We don't expect any dramatic impact on the business from the interchange changes. And for merchants, they -- we will see what the choices they make on surcharging and on discounting. We've seen in the past that surcharging is not always clear to consumers. It's not always prepared, so we'll see what choices will come up. So broadly speaking, I don't expect a major impact on our business. In terms of financial impact, we have accounted for the legal fees associated with that. Otherwise, there is no impact directly on Mastercard. So all in, a very good outcome, and it proves 1 point. It proves the point that there is a lot of momentum and a lot of competition in the payments market and yet again another moving item and merchants agreed to this, and this is a good step forward for everybody. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Dan Dolev at Mizuho. 
Dan Dolev: So rebates and incentives were a little bit higher than what we had expected in the first quarter. How should we think about the remainder of the year? And do we expect it to cool off a little bit? 
Sachin Mehra: So on rebates and incentives, very much in line with what I kind of shared in terms of our thoughts at the last earnings call, very much in line with our expectations as how we ended up in the first quarter. As it relates -- and you know what the usual puts and takes are as it relates to what drives this incentive, so I won't kind of repeat that. But the reality is, we continue to be out in the market, working to win business. We've got a strong pipeline of deals. We'll continue to execute on that. You hear about them on every earnings call. As it relates to the second quarter, as we see it right now, we expect rebates and incentives as a percentage of our payment network assessments to be roughly similar to slightly down from what we saw in the first quarter. So the reality is -- I want to kind of just make sure we put this in perspective, right? We do these rebates and incentives to bring more volume onto our network. When we bring more volume onto our network, it gives us the opportunity to optimize those portfolios to grow them at a faster pace, it helps us deliver more services, which helps us drive net revenue accretion from a yield standpoint. And so it's very much in line with our strategy, and that's what I've got in the nature of thoughts for the second quarter. 
Michael Miebach: Yes. It's a competitive marketplace. So we have to be competitive on the financial side. We clearly see the flywheel effect that Sachin just talked about between payments and services, more volume on, more ability to sell our services. But it's also clear that we are very, very focused on what deals we want to win. So we don't want to win every deal and we're very, very targeted here whatever meets our financial criteria and our strategic focus in certain markets and certain verticals. 
Operator: We'll go next to Darrin Peller at Wolfe Research. 
Darrin Peller: Maybe we just hit on some specific travel trends. I mean, and really more broadly, consumer trends. If you could just give us a little more on what you're seeing from a travel dynamics standpoint. It did decel a bit into April. And I know Easter timing was a factor, but it seems like it could be a little more than that. So is there anything you're seeing behavior-wise that's impacting that? Do you expect that to rebound and then maybe just, Michael, if you can give us a sense of your view of where we are in the, the dynamic of conversion on to electronic payments for the consumer payment side. Any changes in patterns we're seeing in terms of the U.S. growth rate in particular and then more broadly. 
Sachin Mehra: Sure. I'll take the first part of your question. As it relates to cross-border travel, really, what we are seeing is exactly what we said, which is the lower growth rate that you're seeing in the first 4 weeks of April, as we've seen and we've analyzed as being primarily driven by just the timing of Easter. There's nothing unusual to call out. The only thing I will say is when you think about cross-border travel, you should think about it in the context of also tougher comps, particularly as it relates to Asia because Asia was late to come out of the restrictions of COVID. So last year, you saw a strong recovery take place in terms of cross-border travel in Asia and then it just creates [ for ] tougher comps this year. But fundamentally, the value prop is very sound. We've got great portfolios, we continue to win portfolios which are travel leaning, cross-border travel leaning, and we're executing on this portfolio. So nothing unusual that I'm seeing, travel growth rates are very healthy, and they're actually, I would say, are running at a cliff, which is -- when I go back to the pre COVID days, it actually is running at a cliff, which is pretty comparable to what we used to see in the pre COVID days when adjusted for the timing of Easter and the comp impact. 
Michael Miebach: Right, just a last comment on travel and tourism in general. Sachin earlier mentioned that the Chinese government is really focused on driving inbound tourism. I just came back from a series of trips Indonesia, 1 of them, and you see yet another government that is driving inbound tourism. We see it in India. We see it in Spain and so forth. In order to work with governments and how to actually do that. There's a whole practice around our public sector business to build out, use the data that we have to create not -- in order to aid the portfolios that we have, create approaches with governments to promote their respective destinations. And all this comes hand-in-hand to a much more holistic approach that we're now seeing around travel vis-a-vis competitors out there. So that was 1 thing I wanted to add. 
 On the conversion piece and the shift to digital payments, you asked specifically about the United States. I want to hang it up a little bit broader. Starting off with -- there is a tremendous secular opportunity from a geographic perspective. So there is opportunity left here in the United States, but if you look around the world and you see some other countries, G7 economies like Italy, you have 45% cash. So tremendous opportunity even in developed opportunities to -- developed companies to go after that. I just mentioned Indonesia. In Indonesia, you have over 70% cash. So this is a country where the President has put out by 2045. They're going to be the fourth largest economy in the world, 280 million people. So there's the whole range across developed and developing economies for us to continue to go and push into. 
 You heard us talk about changing behaviors post-COVID. People are ordering more takeout foods and doing more things generally online, and that is generally a preferential place for card transactions. So going into these verticals is important. We gave you the example on a number of occasions of takeout food. That's 1 transaction in the restaurants, but multiple transactions as you pay your platform, the platform pays the restaurant and so forth. But think about public transport is another example. Here, we're talking real scale around the globe. So that is multiple transactions as consumers get into open-loop systems multiple times a day. And when they get out of the station, they use that same tapping behavior as they buy a coffee and so forth. So there's tremendous transaction opportunity driven by change in behaviors of consumers. And there's whole new sectors, as I mentioned about in the prepared remarks, health care, rent and so forth. So the secular opportunity, this was not just a throwaway comment earlier when I say it's big and it's lasting. It goes up exactly in those layers, and we are very focused on each and every 1 of those layers. So this is around for a while. 
Operator: We'll go next to Tien-Tsin Huang at JPMorgan. 
Tien-Tsin Huang: Just wanted to ask on value-added services. The the outlook here. Can you just elaborate on the visibility for a faster growth beyond the first quarter? I know comps are -- is a big part of it. Just curious about visibility beyond the comps. And then is there potential to catalyze growth in the other category within value-added services? 
Sachin Mehra: Sure. Tien-Tsin, I'll take that. So like I mentioned, right, I mean, first of all, our overall outlook and the demand we're seeing for our value-added services and solutions continues to be quite compelling and strong. I mean we're out there actively, as Michael mentioned earlier, driving and pushing harder across the various sectors, which we kind of talked about. So I won't repeat them. As it relates to the thoughts I shared as it relates to growth rates for value-added services and solutions for the remaining quarters of the year, which I said that the growth rates would be higher in each of the quarters compared to Q1. It's really based on what we're seeing in the nature of the pipeline, how we're seeing things shape up in terms of the cadence of how we're going to deliver on these value-added services and solutions, we feel pretty good about the outlook there, which is why we're sharing with you what we're thinking about in the nature of this higher growth relative to Q1 in each of the quarters. 
 The only other comment I'll make is it's a little bit of a reminder out here, which is, as we deliver on these value-added services and solutions, we're obviously generating revenue from the value-added services and solutions but that's also driving very compelling kind of cases for us to accelerate our payments growth, right? So that's part and parcel of the strategy. It's all kind of very independent, one or the other. On your other question, which was around other solutions growth, look, we continue to remain focused on growing the other solutions. It's primarily comprised of our real-time infrastructure assets as in our bill payment assets. 
 That inherently is slightly slower growth compared to what we've got in our safety and security solutions, our consulting and marketing, loyalty solutions, so we'll continue to drive on that. I don't necessarily expect that the growth rates there are going to get comparable to what we see on the safety and security side as well as in the consulting and marketing and loyalty solutions side, primarily because the opportunity which is there on Safety and Security and Consulting is a much larger TAM and it's a faster-growing TAM, and we're continuing to execute on it. The good news is -- the safety and security fees as well as the consulting and marketing and data analytics and insights component is the lion's share of what comprises our value-added services and solutions. 
Michael Miebach: [indiscernible] back to the piece, Tien-Tsin, as we discussed earlier about existing customers and the cross-sell. So that's an opportunity. We laid out the drive into new customer segments. So that's pretty clear. In here, give you an example, on the personalization thing, our Dynamic Yield acquisitions dating back to [ 2020 ], you have a lot of high-end retail and commerce brands that I want to engage on that. Everybody is trying to cut through the clutter, take Saks Fifth Avenue, they're using our personalization services. So those are all opportunities to get into certain verticals that we're not even in today in a significant way. So that is what gives us great confidence, there's great demand as we look ahead into services, and that's why we're saying they're going to be higher than the first quarter. 
Operator: We'll move next to David Togut at Evercore ISI. 
David Togut: Are you seeing any change in competitive intensity in Europe, primarily for your payment network. Your primary competitor called out share gains local payment networks in the quarter that has long been a source of growth for Mastercard. So either changing competitive intensity from the principal competitor in Europe and/or any initiatives by local payment schemes to become more competitive themselves? 
Michael Miebach: David, Europe's a fantastic growth story for Mastercard, starting off with some of the big shifts in debit in the U.K., some great wins on the continent. Earlier, I was talking about the renewal of [indiscernible], some big deals that are still in flight on conversion if you think about UniCredit, 13 markets across the continent. So we're well positioned here. Obviously, Europe is in focus from a set of competitors that is local players as in local schemes and so forth, but we've long found a way to partner with them. we feel they have a great proposition on credit and debit to compete. At the same time, there are services partnerships that we drive across and then more traditional competitors, of course, we're all eyeing Europe. Europe is too much of a growth story overall for everybody to keep competing. But we, as I said earlier, we try to turn these relationships into win-win partnerships. UniCredit in the end decided to go with us because they feel we have shown better traction in serving their customer needs. So it comes down to that, and I feel pretty confident as I look across Europe. And it continues to be a growth opportunity. Back to this question about secular opportunity. Europe still has a lot to offer on that front, and we have a whole set of solutions to go after that. 
Sachin Mehra: Just 1 more point I'll add, David, as it relates -- we've had this long-standing focus on conversion of Maestro to Debit Mastercard, and that's very much the case in Europe as well that we continue to execute on that. I feel like that's going to be one of those things which will continue to provide us a natural tailwind as we continue to execute on that capability. For example, in this quarter, we migrated or converted very roughly 7 million consumers from Maestro to debit Mastercard. And that's a global number. That's not just a Europe number, but I just want to share that with you as another piece of how we're executing in Europe. 
Operator: We'll move next to James Faucette at Morgan Stanley. 
James Faucette: I'm wondering, you talked about strong cross-border and travel trends, et cetera. We've seen some more indications of uneven consumer spending development in other parts of the economy generally. I'm wondering if you can call out whether it be in the U.S. or in other markets, if there's anything discernible at your level in terms of consumer shifting, spending preferences or categories that are noteworthy. And if we should take in if there's anything that could impact Mastercard or other indications that we should be aware of? 
Michael Miebach: All right. Let me start off on this and then Sachin can comment further. So you've seen the 18% growth, so this is strong. So there's a travel component to that, and there is an ex travel component to that. Ex travel continues to be particularly strong, it's cross-border e-commerce and the [ likes ]. On the travel side, if you break that down, we talked about the trends. I want to lift it up a little bit to the broader -- I think the broader angle of your question. So what are the various things that consumers think about as they make spending decisions, how did it make ends meet and travel has been strong ever since COVID, particularly strong from a recovery perspective and has been strong even for COVID because the seeking of experience is just a fundamental trend that hasn't gone away. 
 So it's not one of those circular things. This is just a secular trend that we see. People are seeking services and experiences and travel is the top of the list. Now as you go and break this down into different countries, you're going to see different stages of inflation. You're going to see different monetary policy and fiscal policy, how governments and regulators are reacting to inflation and so forth. And that affects consumers in different ways. If you see inflation in non-carded verticals, that's going to impact your payment decisions or your spending decisions on carded verticals and so forth. So it's a pretty not uniform story around the world. that's why I come back to the fundamental trend. Travel is winning. People want to go out and make that trip. And hence, we remain pretty optimistic around that. 
Sachin Mehra: As it relates to while we're on the topic of cross-border travel, I just wanted to kind of share where we are in terms of where we see potential for some recovery, which is particularly in Asia Pacific, which has got still some room to grow. [ Case in point ] would be China, where we've shared these metrics with you in the past, but I'll share with you what the Q1 metric was inbound and outbound of China. So in Q1, cross-border travel, inbound and outbound into and from China stood at approximately 80% of the pre-COVID level. So there's still room to recover. And granted China is going through a little bit of a slower period in terms of how the domestic economy is performing. But the reality is there still remains an opportunity over the medium to long term to see how this recovery comes through in the nature of travel even from that corridor, per se. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tim Chiodo at UBS. 
Timothy Chiodo: I want to talk a little bit about U.S. debit trends. So you mentioned the Citizens Bank beginning -- portfolio beginning to come through. But also on Reg II, more specifically, we've talked about it in the past as a small portion of your overall net revenue in terms of U.S. online debit. And often, we talk about the risk or the threat to that small portion. But could you also talk about the flip side to that, so the opportunity for Mastercard to gain the position on the back of the card for some of the Visa debit cards in the U.S. 
Michael Miebach: Right, so Tim, great point. We love to talk about debit. You saw the 6% growth rate. So this is good. We're doing well, and the impact of the conversions is felt. As far as it comes to routing and Reg II, this question comes up for now for a couple of calls. And I have to say where we are, we're seeing some impact, but it's not material. That comes to the bigger question that you raised, how do we look at that? So it's not material, that's great. That gives us even more reason to look at the opportunity side of this and you're fighting for back of card. And in the end, it comes down to the routing mandates, such as just distorting the market. I think what's happening here is it's ignoring the fact that in the end, a merchant will make a decision on the basis of a net economic outcome. And the net economic outcome is not just the cost of operating related to some routing costs but it is fraud costs, et cetera, the whole package altogether. And this is, I think, where we score well because we have a better proposition. Last 5 years, we've invested $7 billion into Safety and Security Solutions and that makes a competitive advantage for us. So -- and that makes for a competitive advantage for us. So I see the opportunity, our teams are out. They're talking to merchants that saying, "Here's what the net proposition is if you choice A versus choice B. And so far, that is an encouraging set of dialogues. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Bergin at TD Cowen. 
Bryan Bergin: I wanted to just ask about the change in the organizational structure. Any financial implications to be [ aware ] from that? Just how you're feeling about those early changes as you pursue the growth opportunities across the business. 
Michael Miebach: Right. So what we're doing here is you heard us talk about the growth algorithm, about our strategic priorities. In the end, what's happening here is we're realigning our portfolio of activities, always recognizing these are all interdependent. We're talking payments and services and altogether, it makes our competitive advantage position. But we basically say, we want to focus on core payments. We want to focus on new payment flows, and we want to focus on an integrated services set of offerings. And that is what is part of this announcement, plus we see tremendous opportunity on the AI side, particularly on the generative AI side, and we've created a central role for that. So these are 4 very seasoned leaders in the company that have tremendous experience around these topics. They're going to take this on and the whole idea is to move faster and drive more value to our customers. In terms of financial impact, what I hope to see is we kind of deliver the growth that we think is out there in terms of potential. That is the impact that I'm looking for. So that's really the play. There's nothing else to say beyond that. I'm looking -- talking to Craig, who's going to lead the services [ saying ], what is going to be on our product road map going forward? How do we drive even more services growth, et cetera. So that's the whole play. It's bringing structure strategy in line and move forward. 
Operator: Next, we'll move to Bryan Keane at Deutsche Bank. 
Bryan Keane: Just want to ask about the continued positive yields you're getting in cross-border, your major peer isn't seeing the same kind of positive yield and they talk about low currency volatility as part of the reason. So I think you mentioned Sachin pricing and mix and just helping us understand how much is sustainable of those changes for yield in cross-border and the differences maybe between your closest peer. 
Sachin Mehra: Sure. So first, I just want to quickly remind you that as it relates to the impact of FX volatility in our instance, that shows up in our transaction processing assessments. It doesn't show up in our cross-border assessment. So the impact of the, what I would say, the drag associated with FX volatility shows up in this transaction processing assessment line. It doesn't show up in our cross-border assessment line, point number one. Point number two, you're right about the yields. Our portfolios continue to perform well. It goes back to what Michael said earlier, we want to win not only every portfolio, but we want to win the right portfolios. And that's what we focused on doing over the last few years, which is winning the right portfolios for cross-border and what that's helped us do is see this favorable mix come through where we are seeing the inter cross-border grow at a more rapid pace than the intra-Europe cross-border. 
 And you do know that the yields on the inter cross-border side are higher than the yields on intra cross-border, intra-Europe cross-border. So that certainly helps from a yield standpoint. And then as it relates to your question on pricing, look, we've always kind of done pricing for the value we deliver when we deliver value to our customers, whether it's on the issuing side of the acquiring side, we price for it. I called out that in this quarter, we had a little bit of a lift come through on pricing in the cross-border assessments line. And you'll see that come through the ensuing quarters as the year progresses as well. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Dave Koning at Baird. 
David Koning: Nice job. I guess advertising is my question. It was the lowest in a long time by quite a bit, too. And I'm wondering if there's some correlation between how much you have to advertise and even rebates that if you're giving back some in dollars to your clients, you don't have to advertise quite as much. Is there a correlation there? And maybe just why is it down so much? 
Sachin Mehra: Yes. Look, I mean, the A&M spend is typically -- it's a cadence of how we see the promotions we want to do. So let me just step back and kind of think a little bit about why we spend on A&M. You could do it at the brand level, but you could do it towards activation of sponsorships. And depending on when your sponsorship assets are in play is when you want to do the activation around those sponsorship assets. So that influences the cadence of spend on A&M. So you're right, we had lower A&M in the first quarter. I kind of mentioned in my prepared remarks about how it's the timing of A&M. What I was basically alluding to is that as the year progresses, we will be spending more on the advertising and marketing line. 
 On the second part of your question as to the toggling factor between the expense line and what we might be giving in terms of marketing or marketing spend in terms of [ contract ]. There is an element of marketing, which we do give in terms of rebates and incentives to drive portfolio spend. We work very closely with our issuing partners on that. And so it's across both of those that we are looking to actually optimize from a marketing standpoint. 
Michael Miebach: Right. The last comment I want to make on this. So we are a very large fintech, but we're not just a fintech. We have a massive consumer brand. It's a fast-moving brand. It's amongst the top 10 brands on Brand Z, so investing in marketing is absolutely critical. This is not a trade-off that we make to -- from quarter-over-quarter, it fluctuates at exactly the way that Sachin just talked about, when is the Champions League on? When is this on this on, when is that on, and we have a very carefully curated set of sponsorship assets and it drive a bit of the timing. But we love our brand, we invest in it. I think for the fifth year in a row, we have been the #1 Sonic brand in the world. So there's a lot going on, on the marketing side that we are very proud about. And I think that brings us to the end. What a great question to end the call on. Thank you so much. It is Labor Day in most parts of the world today. So when I thank our colleagues yet again, which I do in every call, on Labor Day, it makes even more sense. SO a big call out to the 33,000 at Mastercard, and thank you to you and our shareholders for your continued support. Thank you very much. Speak to you next quarter. Bye-bye. 
Sachin Mehra: Thank you. 
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Again, thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Briana, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mastercard Incorporated Q4 and Full Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Mr. Devin Corr, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Devin Corr: Thank you, Briana. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2023 earnings call. With me today are Michael Miebach, our Chief Executive Officer; and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Michael and Sachin, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then, that the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non- GAAP measures to GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I'd like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I will now turn the call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Michael Miebach.
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Devin. Good morning, everyone. Here's the headline. We closed out 2023 with another quarter of strong earnings and revenue growth. Quarter four net revenues were up 11% and operating income up 13%, both versus a year ago on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, excluding special items as always. These results were driven by healthy consumer spending and the ongoing execution of our strategy. Our deal momentum continued this quarter, powered by a broad range of unique diversified products and services both designed to solve our customers' needs. Let's start on the macroeconomic front, where we see both tailwinds and headwinds. First, the labor market remains strong with low unemployment and rising wages. These remain key drivers of consumer spending. Some risks we're monitoring include credit availability and delinquency rates. Second, while inflation continues to moderate, prices of many goods and services remain elevated. We're tracking the efforts of central banks who are actively managing interest rates to normalize inflation. And finally, geopolitical uncertainty remains a concern in several markets. On balance, we remain fairly positive about the growth outlook, but we are monitoring the environment closely and we'll manage the business accordingly. Looking at our switch trends this quarter, domestic volume growth remains healthy and cross-border spending remains strong, up 18% globally in the fourth quarter on a local currency basis. With that as a backdrop, we remain focused on our strategic priorities which fuel our growth algorithm across payments and services and new networks. In payments, our growth algorithm consists of five key areas. One, being in the flow to capture the natural growth of economies. Two, accelerating the secular shift to electronic payments across both spend and transactions. Three, further penetrating the addressable market in new flow. And four, growing market share, and five, optimizing our customer portfolios for performance. Economies are growing and that's not in our control. However, we are executing on the rest. Building on that, the runway for the secular shift is substantial. We are accelerating it by scaling acceptance, enhancing the user experience for digital transactions and driving adoption in new sectors and new use cases. In 2023, we added millions of new acceptance locations worldwide. This growth has been aided by scaling our tap on phone and cloud commerce capabilities. We're now live in over 18 markets. Smaller merchants can start accepting payments by simply downloading an app, and larger merchants are leveraging the technology to promote quick and seamless checkout experiences anywhere in store. We're supporting partners like Apple, who in 2023 expanded tap to pay on iPhone into Australia, the UK, France, Brazil and several other markets. We're also accelerating the secular shift away from both from cash and closed-loop transactions such as transit through our contactless capabilities. Contactless provides a fast, secure and seamless consumer experience in areas like transit, which creates an opportunity to capture incremental transactions with a tap for every single ride. And when consumers use contactless for transit, they often extend that behavior across other low dollar spend categories. We've made great progress with many major cities such as London and New York, operating broad-based open-loop systems. However, there's still significant runway for us given that only a small percentage of large cities globally are operating open-loop systems at scale. And we're leaning into advanced payment technologies like Click to Pay, tokenization and biometrics. They offer embedded, secure and password-free checkout solutions and with that bring an elevated level of security, simplicity and speed to every transaction. And that's true regardless of the device, browser, or card. These solutions not only benefit consumers, but they also create value for merchants as their customers are less likely to abandon a transaction and issuers also benefit from an increase in customer stickiness. For Click to Pay, we are now live in over 35 countries supported by over 50 channel partners. And in 2023, we drove over 60% growth in transactions. Klarna will implement Click to Pay this year and activate their merchants across all European markets where they operate. We're driving tokenization across all channels including devices, commerce platforms, card on file and guest checkout. Tokenization reduces fraud and increases approval rates by approximately 3 to 6 percentage points across regions. And we're expanding our biometric payment capabilities, which enable payments with a smile or a wave. After launching in Brazil, we have now partnered with NEC Corporation to bring our biometric checkout to the Asia-Pacific region. We're also driving growth by winning and retaining deals across consumer payments, account to account and new flows. This week, we shared that BOK Financial will flip its U.S. Debit portfolio to Mastercard, making us the exclusive partner across its debit and commercial portfolios. They selected us due to our differentiated virtual card and open banking assets fraud solutions and our shared commitment to financial inclusion. This marks the third U.S. regulated debit flip we signed in the last year building on our recent successes with Citizens and Webster Bank, both of which have now started converting their portfolios. And BPER Banca, one of the largest banks in Italy, will migrate their debit card portfolio to Mastercard as well. We renewed our partnership with Commonwealth Bank of Australia where we will retain exclusivity across their consumer credit and debit portfolios. We signed a long-term partnership with Shinhan Card, the largest issuer in Korea, to solidify our leadership in the country. This relationship spans consumer and commercial card offerings and expands into new services including data analytics. And in Canada, we executed an exclusive long-term renewal of the President's Choice Financial, consumer credit and prepaid portfolios. We're also winning in fintechs, co-brands and public sector partners. When it comes to fintechs, Mastercard is a partner of choice. In fact, Mastercard serves over 80% of the top digital payment and neobank fintechs on the CNBC Global Fintech list. This quarter, Starling Bank, one of the largest fintechs in the UK renewed their partnership with Mastercard. In the co-brand space, we're partnering with J. Crew and Synchrony in the U.S. to launch the retailer's first co-branded digital first card. And in the public sector, we have an exclusive partnership with Fiserv Money Network for all U.S. state and federal government benefit and wage disbursement debit programs. As part of our partnership, we are thrilled to launch with the California Economic Development Department in February, the largest unemployment program in the United States. As you can see, we continue our positive deal momentum powered by our differentiated products and services, while always keeping a focus on financial discipline. This also helps us to capture more of the secular tailwind and in turn further drive services growth. Looking to China, we are thrilled that our joint venture in China has released formal approval to commence domestic bankcard clearing. Believe that we will be uniquely positioned to provide Chinese consumers with an exceptional payment experience using a single card that's optimized for both domestic and cross-border spend. While we're excited about the medium to long-term opportunity, there's still work to be done as we fully build out the issuing and acceptance footprint. As we do that, we continue to grow our presence with bank and fintech partners in the market. ICBC launched the first world Mastercard product in November and Bank of Communications selected Mastercard to launch their first international debit card. Beyond cards, we also continue to make meaningful progress in the account-to-account space. This quarter, we announced a long-term strategic partnership with The Clearing House, the operator of the RTP network, which continues to secure our position in real time payments in the United States. Now shifting gears, we continue to execute against our strategy to capture the large secular opportunity in targeted new flows including commercial payments and disbursements and remittances. We continue to win in commercial. This spans commercial point of sale and B2B accounts payable which we target through our market-leading virtual card solution. This quarter alone we renewed our commercial relationships with JPMorgan and FLEETCOR, two of the largest commercial issuers in the United States. BNP Paribas Fortis will flip their business credit portfolio to Mastercard in Belgium and on the virtual card front, we announced two exciting partnerships in the online travel agency space with Booking.com and Agoda. Turning now to disbursements and remittances. In 2023, we grew transactions by over 30%. We continue to scale our use cases. For example UBS has integrated our cross-border services capability. This will enable them to execute instant cross-border payments from multiple use cases, including helping their customers pay employees abroad. In addition, we also partnered with Alipay to establish them as a cross-border payments receiving institution in China. Payments, services and new networks reinforce each other. We said it countless times. Our services and new networks provide differentiation as noted in many of the wins I mentioned. Underlying payments growth helps drive services too and payments growth brings incremental rich data. Our services turn that data into valuable insights and when implemented by our customers, those insights can drive incremental digitization of payments. In turn, this generates even more data, more transactions, more need for fraud tools and the powerful cycle continues. The services and new networks components of our growth algorithms are built on, driving increased penetration of existing customers, extending our services across new customers and customer types and continuing to build and deploy new services. Here are a few examples how we are executing against each of these. The past year Bank of America has expanded their services relationship with us to include test and learn program management and supplier enablement solutions. This is on top of many of our services they already have. Axis Bank in India has also expanded their relationship with us. They will use our consulting, marketing and analytics services to support end-to-end portfolio lifecycle management. Worldpay is utilizing our fraud alerts to streamline the dispute resolution process. And Citi has deployed consumer clarity digital receipts to provide eligible U.S. cardholders with detailed purchase information directly to their bank app. Now with increased visibility about the merchant and purchase details, consumers can easily validate transactions and reduce the number of disputes they file. Square is also integrating consumer clarity solution. Furthermore, Nexi has chose Mastercard as a strategic partner to rollout open banking for e-commerce payments across Europe and the list goes on. We're extending our services and solutions across new customer types including large marketplaces. Alibaba will use Mastercard's open banking technology to help streamline the onboarding experience for small businesses on the U.S. marketplace and reduce fraud. And Meta utilizes our digital identity technology to improve authentication for online orders. We also continue to develop new services and solutions, many of which leverage the work we are doing with Generative AI. Generative AI brings more opportunity to drive better experiences for our customers, and makes it easier to extract insights from our data. It can also help us increase internal productivity. We're working on many GenAI use cases today to do just that. For example, we recently announced Shopping Muse. Shopping Muse uses Generative AI to offer a conversational shopping tool that recreates the in-store human experience online, can translate consumers' colloquial language into tailored recommendations. Another example is Mastercard Small Business AI. The tool will draw on our existing small business resources along with the content from a newly formed global media coalition to help business owners navigate a range of business challenges. The platform, which is scheduled for pilot launch later this year, will leverage AI to provide personalized real-time assistance delivered in a conversational tone. And finally, we expanded Mastercard Access, which provides customers with a single point of connectivity to quickly and easily source our AI digital and identity services. Using access customers can deploy these services across multiple rails or networks including those outside the Mastercard network. This is an exciting development, which enhances our ability to scale our services across networks and streamlines the ability for our customers to adopt our capabilities. So with that, I will wrap it up. In summary, we delivered another strong quarter and year of revenue and earnings growth. We're successfully executing against our strategy and on our growth algorithm. Our differentiated capabilities, diversified business model and focused strategy position us well to capitalize on the significant opportunity in front of us. Sachin, over to you.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Michael. Turning now to Page 3, which shows our financial performance for the fourth quarter on a currency-neutral basis, excluding where applicable, special items and the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments. Net revenue was up 11%, reflecting continued growth in our payment network and our value-added services and solutions. Operating expenses increased 9%, including a minimal impact from acquisitions. And operating income was up 13%, including a minimal impact from acquisitions. Net income and EPS increased by 15% and 18%, respectively, both reflecting the strong operating income growth as well as a non-recurring tax benefit recognized in the fourth quarter. EPS was $3.18, which includes an $0.08 contribution from share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased $1.8 billion worth of stock and an additional $586 million through January 26, 2024. So let's turn to Page 4, where you can see the operational metrics for the fourth quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV increased by 10% year-over-year on a local currency basis. In the U.S., GDV increased by 4% with credit growth of 5% and debit growth of 3%. Outside of the U.S., volume increased 13% with credit growth of 13% and debit growth of 12%. Sequentially, the debit growth rate was primarily impacted by the lapping of the NatWest portfolio migration in the UK. Overall, cross-border volume increased 18% globally for the quarter on a local currency basis, reflecting continued strong growth in both travel and non-travel related cross-border spending. While this is sequentially lower versus Q3, this is primarily due to tougher comps as we continue to lap the cross-border travel recovery from last year. Turning to Page 5. Switched transactions grew 12% year-over-year in Q4, both card-present and card-not-present growth rates remain strong. Card-present growth was aided in part by increases in contactless penetration as contactless now represents approximately 65% of all in-person switched purchase transactions. In addition, card growth was 8%. Globally, there are 3.3 billion Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards issued. Turning to Slide 6 for a look into our net revenues for the fourth quarter discussed on a currency-neutral basis. Payment Network net revenue increased 7%, primarily driven by domestic and cross-border transaction and volume growth and also includes growth in rebates and incentives. Value-added Services & Solutions net revenue increased 17%, primarily driven by strong growth in our Cyber & Intelligence Solutions, driven by the growth in our underlying drivers and the continued scaling of our fraud and security solutions and our identity and authentication solutions. In addition, we saw strong growth in our marketing, data analytics and consulting services as well as our loyalty solutions. This was partially tempered by slower relative growth in our other solutions. Now let's turn to Page 7 to discuss key metrics related to the payment network, again, described on a currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. Looking quickly at each metric. Domestic assessments were up 7%, while worldwide GDV grew 10%. The difference is primarily driven by mix. Cross-border assessments increased 21%, while cross-border volumes increased 18%. The 3 ppt difference is primarily due to favorable mix. Transaction processing assessments were up 10%, while switched transactions grew 12%. The 2 ppt difference is primarily due to lower revenues related to FX volatility versus the prior year. Other network assessments were $251 million this quarter. As a reminder, these assessments primarily relate to licensing, implementation and other franchise fees and may fluctuate from period to period. Moving on to Page 8. You can see that on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, excluding special items, total adjusted operating expenses increased 9%, which includes a minimal impact from acquisitions. This increase was primarily due to increased spending on personnel to support the continued execution of our strategic initiatives and increased spending on marketing campaigns, advertising and sponsorships like the UEFA Champions League and the Rugby World Cup. Turning to Page 9, you will see that we are no longer providing operating metrics as a percentage of 2019 given that we are well past the pandemic. Now let me comment on the operating metric trends in the fourth quarter and through the first four weeks of January. Starting with switch volume growth year-over-year. The sequential decline from Q3 to Q4 is primarily due to the lapping effects from the routing of all Mastercard branded volume in Japan to the Mastercard switch and the migration of the NatWest portfolio to Mastercard. Specific to the U.S., the sequential decline from Q3 to Q4 was primarily due to tougher comps. Moving to the first four weeks of January, switched volume growth in the U.S. was impacted primarily by severe weather events across the country. As we look specifically at the fourth week of January, which did not have the same impacts from severe weather, switched volume in the U.S. returned to approximately 5% growth year-over-year, similar to what we saw in December. Outside of the U.S., we continue to lap the migration of the NatWest portfolio. Switch transactions follow similar patterns to switched volumes. Looking at cross-border for both Q4 and the first four weeks of January, cross-border travel growth continues to be primarily impacted by tougher comps as we lap the recovery of travel. Cross-border card-not-present ex travel continues to show strength. Turning now to Page 10, I wanted to share our thoughts on fiscal year 2024. Let me start by saying our business fundamentals remain strong. We continue to grow through a combination of healthy consumer spending, new and renewed customer agreements, continued secular shift from cash to card and strong growth across our service offerings. In short, as Michael said, we are executing on our strategy and realizing the benefits from our growth algorithm. Overall, we remain fairly positive about the growth outlook. Consumer spending continues to be supported by a strong labor market and wage growth. Our base case scenario for 2024 reflects healthy consumer spending and recent spending dynamics. That being said, we are closely monitoring both positives and negatives in the macro environment as well as geopolitical events, and we stand ready to manage our investment levels as appropriate while maintaining focus on our key strategic priorities. As it relates to the full-year 2024, our base case is for net revenues to grow at the high end of a low double-digit rate on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. Acquisitions and foreign exchange are forecasted to have a minimal impact for the year. In terms of operating expenses, we expect full year growth at the low end of a low double-digit rate on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. Of note, this includes an increase of approximately 1 ppt in operating expense due to a new Brazil tax legislation, which went into effect as of January 1, 2024. This legislation results in higher operating expenses due to an increase in indirect taxes, which is more than offset by a reduction in our income taxes expense. Acquisitions and foreign exchange are forecasted to have a minimal impact to this growth rate for the year. Now turning to Q1 2024. Year-over-year net revenue growth is expected to be at the low end of a low double-digit rate on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. Acquisitions and foreign exchange are forecasted to have a minimal impact to this growth rate for the quarter. Let me briefly talk through why our full year currency-neutral net revenue growth is expected to be higher than the first quarter of 2024. This is primarily driven by two factors: First, revenues related to FX volatility were highest in Q1 2023 compared to the other quarters in the year. And second, while our value-added services and solutions continue to grow at a healthy pace, from a cadence perspective, we expect Q1 growth to be lower relative to the other quarters, primarily due to tougher comps. From an operating expense standpoint, we expect Q1 operating expense growth to be at the high end of a high single-digit rate versus a year ago, again, on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. Once again, this includes an increase of approximately 1 ppt related to the Brazil tax legislation that I mentioned earlier. Acquisitions are forecasted to add 0 to 1 ppt to this OpEx growth and foreign exchange is expected to be a headwind of approximately 0 to 1 ppt for the quarter. Other items to keep in mind. On the other income and expense line, we expect an expense of approximately $60 million to $65 million for Q1, given the prevailing interest rates and debt levels. This excludes gains and losses on our equity investments, which are excluded from our non-GAAP metrics. Finally, we expect a non-GAAP tax rate of 16% to 17% for Q1 and approximately 17% on a full year basis, all based on the current geographic mix of our business. This reflects the benefit to our effective tax rate related to the Brazil tax legislation that I mentioned earlier. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Devin.
Devin Corr: Thank you. Briana, you may open the call for questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from the line of Harshita Rawat with Bernstein.
Harshita Rawat: I want to ask about U.S. card volumes. So weather aside, the growth has decelerated a bit to mid-single-digit levels versus what we've seen in the last 5 to 10 years, especially if you compare that to PC. So how should we think about kind of a normalized card volume growth in the U.S? Or is there simply more runway, a number of transactions. So that's the metric we should be watching? And also, just as a follow-up, can you also comment on Reg II impact on U.S. bonds?
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Harshita. Let me take those questions. First, on Reg II, let me just kind of share with everybody that from a Reg II standpoint, we haven't seen any material impact come through as far as what we've seen so far on the data. Obviously, we will keep a close eye on it as the year progresses, but nothing to actually report from any sort of material impact. On your question around U.S. card volume growth. Look, at the end of the day, here's the way we think about it, right? We continue to believe that in the U.S., there remains a decent amount of secular opportunity, both from a volume standpoint and from a transaction growth standpoint. In addition to that, as you know, business models are evolving, spending behaviors are changing, and that creates greater opportunity from a volume and a transaction standpoint. But more specifically, what I'd tell you is the following, which is in the release of the U.S. We've got to kind of think about what's going on with PCE and what the impact of inflation is in the PCE numbers relative to where it's taking place, i.e., is it taking place in carded volumes? Or is it taking place in non-carded categories of spend? So as you do the analysis, at least as we do the analysis, the way we think about this is, we look at PCE, we think about, on a normalized basis, if inflation were to take place fairly evenly across both carded and non-carded PCE, it gives us a high degree of comfort that there's a decent amount of secular opportunity, which still remains in the U.S. from a growth standpoint. Now in addition to the secular opportunity and the fact that the U.S. continues to actually perform well from an overall consumer health standpoint, we're very active. We're growing our volumes by winning share. I mean you've heard about this quarter-over-quarter in terms of what we're doing to win volumes from new customers. We've had good wins on the debit space, which, as you know, is a challenged kind of environment in the U.S. So overall, I tell you from the U.S. standpoint, it continues to be a very important market, one which is going to be a decent contributor to our growth, driven by the PCE growth component, the secular shift as well as share. And again, what I’m talking about is, on the card payment volume side of the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Maurer with FT Partners.
Craig Maurer : So two questions. One, to what degree are conversions of new wins contributing to fiscal year '24 guidance? And secondly, regarding China, knowing that you need to launch your business there within six months of approval. I was wondering if you could characterize conversations with issuers there and whether you've been able to keep warm relationships with those issuers over the years, considering you're in a very strong position in China when regulations changed, whatever it was 7, 8 years ago?
Michael Miebach: Right. Let me take the China question first and we come back to the conversion topic that you raised. So needless to say, we're thrilled about China. So this is a -- it's a massive economy, and we feel we're well positioned to serve it. As I said in my remarks at the beginning, we feel we're uniquely positioned to put into the hand of Chinese consumers a solution -- a seamless solution that works domestically as well as when they travel. That's not unique. There's another competitor that has that kind of a proposition. But we do have the much better acceptance network to provide an end-to-end solution that works well. On that basis, we're busy right now with our partners in China with the banks with acquirers, issuers and so forth, to discuss rolling out on the issuing side as well as on the acceptance side for six months, as you rightly said. Now for years, we have been very active in China on the cross-border side. And those are strong relationships with the same exact banks. And we're just -- I mentioned too, with ICBC and Bank of Communications, we're just launching new products. So the fact that we are well positioned today with the banks gives us an edge here on moving forward at speed. As I also said, going live within the first six months doesn't mean that we're live everywhere, and we have to build this out over time to get full opportunity in the medium to the long term. And on the conversion piece, just to know, for the U.S., we saw -- I mentioned this earlier for Webster and for Citizens, conversion is starting. Some of the big conversions in Europe have already completed. Sachin talked about the lapping for NatWest and so forth. So Sachin, if there's anything else?
Sachin Mehra: Craig, I would just add, like Michael said, right? I mean as you would imagine, in terms of how we think about 2024 and our thoughts for 2024, we do factor in what our best estimate as it relates to the conversion of the portfolios. What I'd tell you is, we've had a decent amount of wins across the globe. We for the most part, the sizable ones are staggered wins as and they come on over a period of time. They're not episodic flips, which will take place all at one time. So for example, Citizens, Webster, UniCredit, Deutsche Bank, all of these will play out over the course of ‘24 and in some instances, over multiple years. So we factor in our best estimates on those conversions as we kind of put our thoughts together for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Sachin, thank you for sort of cadence for the year with the first quarter. But I was just wondering, could you just elaborate a little bit more on the expectations for payments versus the value-added service revenues? And then specific to that Brazil tax legislation. I guess, is it neutral to EPS? It adds to OpEx, but lower taxes? Just maybe you could help us with that, too.
Sachin Mehra: Let me just take the Brazil one first, and I'll come back to your second question. So on the Brazil piece, it increases our operating expenses because it's an increase in indirect taxes, which are there. That is a -- it's more than offset in our tax rate and in the thoughts, we've given you from a tax rate standpoint. So from an overall EPS standpoint, it actually ends up being slightly accretive because of the more than offset, which is taking place on the tax line there. On your question around payments versus value-added services and solutions expectations. Look, we're not giving specific guidance as it relates to how we see payment network revenue and value-added services and solutions revenue. But at the high level, here's what I'd say. Let me first address the value-added services and solutions piece. We continue to see good growth in our solutions around everything around our fraud and security solutions, our data analytics and insights, and we're building all of those into our thoughts for the year. We've had a good year in 2023. We continue to see a good outlook for value-services and solutions going into 2024. Likewise, for payments, right? I mean as you can imagine, in payments, it's a function of what we think will happen from a carded market volume growth rate standpoint and what the impacts will be from share wins as well as the impacts of rebates and incentives. So all of that kind of is factored in. What I would tell you broadly is that we continue to expect value-added services and solutions to grow at a faster pace than we do on the payment network side.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Just thinking about the outlook. I think Harshita to ask it as well, just the outlook for growth between the U.S. and rest of world. Any -- anything to call out there? Do you expect the trends observed in '23 to be different in 2024 here between the two regions?
Sachin Mehra: Yes, Tien-Tsin, honestly, I would tell you from a secular opportunity standpoint, right? I mean, we continue to believe, broadly speaking, the secular opportunity is greater outside of the U.S. than it is in the U.S. There's a good news, bad news story there. And the good news is that, that means we've been quite successful in driving the secular shift opportunity in the U.S., which is what you're seeing in the results come through. And again, from a bad news standpoint is there's a lower remaining opportunity on the volume side in the U.S. But if you ask me the question on a year-over-year basis, I would tell you, I don’t expect any meaningful shift in terms of suddenly the trajectory of how the secular opportunity is being realized between the U.S. and the rest of the world to be changing between ‘23 and ‘24.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets.
Daniel Perlin: I heard you call out a couple of times geopolitical concerns, and I know that there's some, I don't know, 30 or 40 different elections happening around the globe. So my question to you is, as you think about managing those potential concerns, are there certain regions where you feel like there could be pockets of more nationalistic behavior, which would be problematic for you guys getting into those markets? Or that because of election years historically, what you've seen are that it kind of slows down adoption and some of the secular trends that you would have otherwise been able to enjoy in maybe a non-election year? So just trying to handicap what maybe some of those positives and negatives could be just geopolitically this year.
Michael Miebach: Dan, you just touched on some of the key things to watch out for. But this is no different than us monitoring fiscal monetary policy reactions by central banks and governments. So those are all things that affect consumer sentiment, potentially affect consumer spending. So we'll just have to stay close to what that is. Our discipline around these things is to do some solid scenario planning and making sure our playbook in terms of managing our financial responsibility responsibly is up to date. Certainly, the last three years have had no shortages of such challenges, and we adapted quickly. More specifically to the points that you mentioned, elections happen regularly. So there is nothing dramatically new in 2024. And geopolitical conflicts, they've been around, and they keep going. And that is something we'll watch what is the impact on energy prices and various downstream into the broader economy. Yet again, our Economics Institute is keeping a focus on that. So nothing very specific. That's why we kept it relatively high level. But these days, one has to just take a look left and right all the time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research.
Darrin Peller: It's good to see the value-add services and solutions accelerate, maybe going back to 17% from 14%. Maybe you could just revisit that for a minute in terms of -- I know you sounded confident that, that should sustain strong growth relative to the business. And so maybe just revisit the drivers of that and what gives you the confidence that sustains? And really just overall, what's the -- what's -- if you sort of rank the top items in that category?
Michael Miebach: So let me kick off on that. If you split out the value-added services here, you have our other services, which Sachin touched on earlier, for example, our real-time payment assets and things like that. The thing that we have historically focused on here in this space is our cyber and intelligence solutions, fraud solutions, and the data insights and analytics solutions. So if you think about how that flywheel talks about, I talked about the powerful cycle earlier on. So more payments that need to be kept safe, more payments throughout more data, which drive more data analytics inside. That is the underlying kind of secular trend, which is pretty closely related to the secular shift as well. So that is the baseline of growth here. And then you look at some of the more specific growth drivers here. For example, in data analytics, in that group, we also have our personalization solution. So everybody is trying to engage their consumers at this point. That is on the banking side. It's on the merchant side and here coming in with a solution that provides the right offer through the right channel at the right time to drive through that clutter. We have the number 1 personalization company that we acquired two years ago. That is one of the drivers we expect some big growth there. You look at the other hand on the cyber and security solutions, digital identity. An authentication solution today, nobody likes passwords, you're in a situation where you have to end up making trade-offs between simplicity and security when it comes to digital payments and with our technology, we find ways to go around that effectively, driving down fraud. At the same time, ensure that there's low abandonment rates. So biometric solutions, I talked about them earlier, is one of those examples. So across these two portfolios, C&I and DNS, cyber analytics and data insights, that’s where we see the big growth and the big demand. Other solutions, real-time payments, we have a strong position there. We talked about this a couple of quarters ago, where we said we are in the markets in which we are, and we’re driving the scale volumes and the reference to our strategic partnership with TCH to show that we continue on that front. So those are kind of the key drivers that we see here. We feel this is a uniquely differentiated portfolio, and that’s in great demand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cris Kennedy with William Blair.
Cris Kennedy: And you just talked about it. But can you give a broader update on your digital identity solutions and what your strategy is for that and how it can ultimately impact your business?
Michael Miebach: Right. So let me do that. I just gave you the headlines on that. So specifically, within that, there's a whole set of solutions from biometric to identity events where we have an ability to provide an identity confidence score to one of our customers and saying, this person has lived at the address before and here is their previous employment. So with this -- with a certain level of confidence, we can say, this is the person. All this stuff is kind of happening behind the scenes. That is the approach that we're taking. But it's not just our identity data. We are combining this with open banking. We're trying to find use cases where this really makes a difference. For example, an account opening. So we're taking our open banking technology in our Finicity footprint here in the United States, all the way up to 90% of our deposit accounts in this market. And we're taking our digital identity solution into a premium account owner verification and account opening solution. Those are the kind of examples where we see we’re truly differentiated. At the highest level, it’s before and after the transaction, we’re driving value through digital identity. We feel this is absolutely central to the digital economy. And that’s why we put it in the new network because there are people who have identity data and there are people who want to use identity data. We don’t want to hold it. We’re sitting somewhere in the middle, and we are essentially the trusted partner that can prove one way or another if a person is the person they claim to be. Minimal use of data, permission data.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Golding with Macquarie Capital.
Paul Golding: I guess to touch on Finicity since you just mentioned it, Michael. Do you see this evolving more so as a value-added service and solution driver or a volume driver now that you've had it in the portfolio for some time? And then as a follow-on, I just wanted to see if we could get some more color on the acceptance location growth from a regional perspective, given the strength in international volumes in the period?
Michael Miebach: Right. So starting with Finicity and then we have the corresponding set of capabilities through our IR acquisition in Europe. We're also building out connectivity in Australia. Those are the three regions where we're focused. And open banking does a number of things. Essentially, what we see is a set of use cases here that, that rise to the top and everything that you could do with open banking. In the end, there's this big vision about Open Data, where people can use their data footprint. Small businesses can use the data footprint for getting access to better services. But for now, what's really rising at the top is account opening, the example that I already gave. Open Banking for payments, I come to that for a moment -- in a moment, open banking for lending and for small business in particular. So those are kind of the three categories that we feel are particularly relevant right now for payments, it's really interesting, to your point. Is this a volume driver? It could be. Because the connectivity that we have here, what we're trying to do is facilitate payments, for example, in non-carded use cases as we have the pay by bank solution in the United States in partnership with JS Bank. So we hope to see significant volume growth out of that. That's the whole idea. And that builds on our experience with pay by bank in the U.K. This is a somewhat different approach here in the U.S., where our open banking capabilities are the true differentiators. So use cases that matter. That’s the focus. And out of that, we hope to see not only API clicks on account opening, but also payment volume coming through. That was a second part of the question. My team is just reminding me. Acceptance growth regionally. I mean it comes to the answer actually that Sachin gave earlier where we talked a little bit about payments growth and the regional comparison. So when you think beyond the United States, we see a tremendous growth opportunity. Here in the United States, you would say it’s more new use cases and verticals, and it’s more generally and broader acceptance across the payments landscape in the rest of the world. There’s even significant geographic opportunities to grow. Take Japan, for example. So it’s a country that is what the government has put out a stated policy to drive a cashless Japan. So tremendous upside there. We talked about China earlier on, where we’re investing heavily in acceptance footprint. So I would say it’s leaning a little more on the international side, but here in the U.S., we’re very busy going for use cases and verticals.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Togut with Evercore.
David Togut: Europe continues to be a driver of differentiated growth for Mastercard. Could you share your insights into your runway for growth in some of your largest countries, for example, Germany and Italy. And maybe frame that in terms of payment volume growth and vast growth opportunity.
Michael Miebach: Let me start off with that question. First of all, I do want to underline what you just said. It is a source of differentiated growth for us. We've had a great run in Europe. And it's a combination of share growth, but it's also driven by the ways that we find to go after the accelerated secular shift that we saw on the back end of COVID. Countries like Germany really driving up contactless usage, just to give you one example. So overall, Europe has been firing on all cylinders for us. And I come back to the growth algorithm that we laid out for payments, which applies very much in Europe. So European economies will do what they do, but we will continue to focus on share gain, but we will also be very busy to take the share gains that we've already had and turn that into profitable volume for us. Conversions driving that. We had a question on that earlier. So that's driver number one. And then going into new flows in Europe, there is opportunity there as well. If you look at alternative payment systems, everything that's going on in Europe, clearly, through PSD3 and so forth, there's a lot of movement in Europe that we will stay on top as we look ahead into that. Differentiated assets in bill pay in the Nordics and so forth. So we have a pretty broad footprint to participate in all the drivers in Europe. In terms of Services, the services has been strong in Europe for a long time. Our advisers on our consulting business has been a winner for us in Europe for the longest time. And if you look at some of these big wins, that we've talked about, they all have a significant contribution of services. In fact, I would say, oftentimes, they are one of the reasons that we win those deals. So nothing dramatically different there. I think Europe has caught up on secular trend in digitization and we're firing on all cylinders. We have -- we're fully invested in Europe. As you know, one of the big topics in Europe is European sovereignty, and we are deeply invested in Europe with our efforts, and we're engaging with -- in Brussels in the nation states and so forth, which is very important for us to do to be a partner on their journey.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. David, it's Sachin. I'll just emphasize what Michael just said, right? He has mentioned on a couple of occasions today that payments drives value-add service and solutions and value-added service and solutions drive payments. It's no different in Europe, right? For all the share wins we've had in Europe, for all the growth we're seeing on the payment side, it creates new opportunities for us on the services side. And then vice versa, as you actually do deliver on those services, you get the benefit of additional data. When you get the benefit of additional data, you are able to help optimize existing portfolios, which again drives payment volume growth. And that's not unique to Europe. It's actually true for the way we run the business globally. But the fact that we are actually increasingly becoming more prominent in the payment flow enables that cycle to work quite effectively.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Suchoski with Autonomous Research.
Ken Suchoski: I just wanted to ask about the yields on the domestic assessment revenue line. That yield has declined year-over-year for some time now, and they came in a little bit lighter than some were expecting this quarter. I think you highlighted mix impacting the yields or the spread between revenue and volume growth. So could you just provide some more detail around the specific changes that you're seeing in terms of mix? And could we get to a place where domestic yields are actually expanding year-over-year?
Sachin Mehra: Look, I mean, I'll comment on the yield piece, because what you're seeing effectively in the fourth quarter of 2023, when you look at payment network net revenue divided by GDV is what you see every year in terms of the sequential decline in yields. And that's primarily being driven by the fact that, remember, in the third quarter of all years, we tend to have our strongest cross-border performance. And our cross-border tends to come with our best yields. And so what you've got is when you're getting more bang for the buck for $1 of GDV on the cross-border side than you are on the domestic volume side. So that's what's causing for that sequential decline. You'll see that as a pattern, which has existed in prior years as well. Broadly speaking, I would tell you that, otherwise, there's nothing unusual to call out on the payment network net revenue yield. The one reminder I'll give you is that, we run the business not only to optimize payment network, net revenue yield, but overall net revenue yield for our company. Because again, it goes back to the question David asked right before you, Ken, which is at the end of the day, we've got to be in the payment flow. We've got to allow ourselves to have the opportunity to deliver services on those payments to generate additional revenue, which causes for overall net accretion in our overall net revenue yield. So I know your question is specific to payment network net revenue, but I just wanted to make sure you know that from our mindset standpoint, we're looking at payment network net revenue yield as well as overall net revenue growth to the company.
Michael Miebach: I should say, earlier when I was talking about the payment algorithm, I said that we are putting great focus on our financial discipline. And we do it with revenues in mind and with services revenue in mind. So yes, it needs to add up to the overall net revenue yield, as Sachin just said. But I’m telling you, we don’t want to win every deal. We want to win the deals we want to win, and we’re pretty disciplined about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Jeffrey with Truist Securities.
Andrew Jeffrey: I wanted to dig in, Michael, if I'm at a little bit more on your pay by bank initiatives. Can this be, especially as we see the emergence of networks like tax in Brazil, for example, can this be sort of a stand-alone growth driver in its own right? Or is it sort of folded into your overall comments on open banking? I just wanted to see if there's an important distinction to draw as we think about go-forward growth opportunities.
Michael Miebach: Right. So I think both questions, your question and the previous question hit on an important point there. There is a particular point of interest for us at the intersection of open banking and payments. It enables -- the open banking connectivity enables us to go after use cases that we otherwise wouldn't be able to go after. So here's additional data that is available that you can then combine in combination with an underlying RTP rail to make a profitable proposition for a customer, which is exactly what Chase Pay-by-Bank is. Basically, you debit your customer when there's a balance, and that is what the open banking connectivity tells you. So that's a good solution. If we look broadly around the world, Pix, UPI in India, FedNow, there's a bunch of real-time payment systems. And those are the kind of rails where we have experience. We have connectivity. In some, we operate them ourselves. So that is exactly what we're looking at as one of the assets and the propositions that we will bring together for our customers. Now, more broadly speaking, when you look at Pix, when you look at UPI, one other thing to keep in mind is, here’s public sector doing a good job in pulling in more participants in the overall digital economy so we can come in with our solutions, our real-time payment solutions, our card-based solutions, but they’re basically extending the digital economy to create a tide that kind of lifts everybody’s boats, financial inclusion being the headline. So that’s something to consider. Somewhere in between, there are points that we will manage very carefully as in when these systems grow and they provide alternatives to our solutions that we compete and provide the best solution to consumers and to our customers. On the fraud side, on ease of use, a lot of these systems don’t have all of these functionalities. So those are things that we focus on. So we’re focused on providing the best choice to our customers. We don’t mind the competition, but we actually see quite a bit of opportunity for us to use these rails for the open banking type of solution that you just asked about. So interesting space, and it drives the overall economic growth, digital economic growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Trevor Williams with Jefferies.
Trevor Williams: Sachin, I was just hoping you could put a finer point on the growth algorithm within the full year revenue outlook. I know you mentioned some of the cadence dynamics with VAS and currency vault, but any help on what you're assuming for volume and transaction growth relative to the January trends, rebates and incentives, pricing? Any help on those would be great.
Sachin Mehra: So look, I'm not going to give you a specific kind of forecast as it relates to what we're assuming from a driver standpoint. We've kind of shared with you what our base case is. And the base case continues to assume that the consumer spending remains healthy, and we're reflecting in the current spending dynamics from an overall kind of volumes and transaction standpoint. I think to your question on pricing, it's no different than it's been in the past. We always price based on the value we deliver to our customers. And we will continue to do that wherever it makes sense across the globe. And we kind of have new things which we're launching, there's new value we're delivering to our customers. And as we do that, we'll continue to price for that. On specifically the Contra question. I think -- the important thing to note on Contra is that, at the end of the day, Contra is enabling volume growth, right? We pay incentives and rebates to our customers to bring more volume onto our network. And as we do that, we're paying for that. For the first quarter, we expect our Contra as a percentage of our payment network assessments to be roughly similar to what you saw in Q4 of 2023. I would tell you, on a full year basis, it's going to be entirely a function of how we see deals play out, what the pipeline is. Obviously, we know what the outlook is from a pipeline standpoint. Some of that will come to fruition. Some of that will not. There'll be other things, which will move in and out. And so I'm not going to kind of share with you what the full year outlook is on Contra. But for Q1, I can kind of give you my thoughts, which are, we expect that Contra as a percentage of payment network assessments will be roughly similar to what we saw in Q4 of 2023.
Michael Miebach: We have time for just one more, Brianna.
Operator: Our last question comes from Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: I appreciate all the comments so far. My question is on real-time payments. And Michael, you did have some incremental comments there on TCH, but saw the TCH renewal. Obviously, you have a global set of capabilities here. My question is, what's the runway and what drives it? Is it the use cases rather than more countries? And then if it is use cases, what are some of the use cases that you see coming up that are exciting from a conversion perspective?
Michael Miebach: Right. So first of all, the strategic relationship here in the U.S. with the Clearinghouse is important to note. Back when in 2016, '17, real-time payments really took off. This is when we invested in VocaLink and VocaLink was a partner with the Clearinghouse at the time. So a strong and more strategic renewal here is a big statement, and it speaks to our position in real-time payments. 10 out of the top 50 GDP countries, we either operate, are providing software and services to the real-time payment system. So it's real. It's there as the name indicates, and it's carrying a lot of volume for us in itself. That's an interesting business. But it's much more than that. It's much more than that as we're talking to various players, including ones that I mentioned about new applications that come on top of that. Coming right back to the Chase Pay-by-Bank example, here is access to rails on one hand and then a set of additional data that turns a simple payment that gets money from A to B to something that's a value-add payment. That is where we're going to go. And these use cases will play out in a somewhat different way. It is obviously always our interest to find global solutions, but it's also -- this is a rather more geographic specifically driven space. So we'll have to see where that all lands. So we keep that in mind, which is why we're not driving into many more markets right now. We're the most critical markets and here we're staying very close to where that is going. But it's applications and it's scaling volumes in the markets that we're in, it's where the focus is.
Devin Corr: Thank you, Michael. Any last comments?
Michael Miebach: Well, as always, thank you for your support to Mastercard. Thank you for listening to Sachin and me, and thank you to everybody at Mastercard for making all this work. We'll speak to you in one quarter. It's also unusual to note this is on a Wednesday today. I don't think we ever had that before. Certainly, for me, this is the first Wednesday. We'll see how we mix it up next time. Speak to you in a quarter. Thank you, and bye-bye.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Audra, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mastercard Inc. Q2 2023 earnings conference call. [Operator instructions] Mr. Devin Corr, head of investor relations, you may begin your conference.
Devin Corr: Thank you, Audra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our third-quarter 2023 earnings call. With me today are Michael Miebach, our chief executive officer; and Sachin Mehra, our chief financial officer. Following comments from Michael and Sachin, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then, that the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data, and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I'd like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I will now turn the call over to our chief executive officer, Michael Miebach. 
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Devin. Good morning from New York, everyone. Let me start by acknowledging the recent terror attacks in Israel and the resulting war with Hamas and the growing humanitarian crisis in Gaza. We're deeply saddened by the suffering and the loss. Our focus is on the well-being of our people, those who have been directly impacted, and those in our teams around the world, who are dealing with this terrible situation. We will continue to give them support while contributing to relieve efforts. We will monitor the situation closely so we can take action as required. Turning to our results, our quarter three results demonstrate the strong fundamentals of our business, our diversified model, and the continued resilience in consumer spending. Quarter three net revenues were up 11% and operating income was up 13%, both versus a year ago on a non-GAAP, currency-neutral basis, excluding special items. On a macroeconomic front, there are a few factors we focus on. First, the labor market remains strong, which is a key driver of consumer spending. However, we continue to monitor aspects such as credit availability and savings behaviors. Second, although inflation levels have moderated, they remain elevated. As central banks continue to actively manage monetary policy, we expect the impacts to vary across countries and sectors. Also, geopolitical uncertainty remains a concern, further underscored by the recent events in the Middle East. We are monitoring these moving pieces and stand ready to manage the business accordingly. Looking at our switch trends this quarter, domestic volume growth remains healthy, with some moderation in spend in select international markets. Cross-border travel remains strong at 155% of 2019 levels in the third quarter. And cross-border card present X-travel continues to hold up well at 209% of 2019 levels in the third quarter. And this is cross-border card not present X-travel. So overall, consumer spending remains resilient and we remain focused on executing against our strategic priorities. We see substantial runway for growth through the long-term potential in person-to-merchant payments, the sizable opportunity to address new payment flows, our diverse suite of fast-growing service capabilities, and our investments in areas of future growth like open banking and digital identity. Let's explore these in more detail. Starting with person-to-merchant payments, where we see a sizable long-term growth opportunity. We're winning deals with a diverse set of partners and investing in technology to further drive the shift to electronic forms of payment and capture new ways to pay. The third quarter, our deal momentum across the globe continued. In the US, we're happy to announce that Webster Bank, a leading commercial bank in the Northeast, has chosen MasterCard as their exclusive payment network. They selected us because of our marketing assets, safety and security tools, and commitment to small business. This builds up on recent wins in the U.S. like the Citizens Debit Portfolio Flip with the transition on track for 2024. These two wins are clear examples of the value we deliver through our partnerships and the reasons banks are willing to move their debit business to MasterCard. Further, we have partnered with Citi's wealth business to launch their ultra-high net worth credit proposition, targeting their private bank clients in Singapore and Hong Kong. And in East Africa, we signed a long-term deal with Equity Bank Group that significantly increases our share across the six markets where they have presence. On the co-brand front, we joined Barclays to launch Xbox, first credit card in the United States. Building off our long-standing relationship with Microsoft, this product is an example of how we're tapping into the fast-growing gaming space. And of course, we continue to strengthen our travel-focused programs, renewing our Frontier Airlines program issued by Barclays, as well as the Turkish Airlines program with Garanti BBVA. Winning deals positions us well to capture PCE and secular growth. There's a sizable opportunity across volumes and transactions, and we benefit from both. We're bringing together innovation, technology, the experience, and trust that consumers want and expect in their daily lives. And that starts with our best-in-class digital solutions such as Contactless and tokenization. Contactless now represents 63% of our in-person switch purchase transactions, and the convenience and security of our capabilities are helping us to further penetrate verticals like transit. By converting transit to Open-Loop, we gain access to more low-ticket, high-frequency transactions, both at the station and the surrounding merchants. The last quarter alone, we launched Open-Loop programs with two of the largest transit systems in North America, Toronto, and Philadelphia. We're now live with over 25 agencies in the U.S. and Canada. This year in the Netherlands, we supported the launch of a nationwide Contactless transit payment system. And in Pakistan, we're helping to digitize daily commutes in Karachi with issuance over one million prepaid Open-Loop cards. On tokenization, it has been 10 years since we first introduced the token standard to the industry. Today, it is foundational to the network and it's performing exceptionally well. The number of tokenized transactions has more than doubled over the past two years. We just processed over three billion tokenized transactions in one month. And this functionality is extending to new places to pay. For example, Mercedes-Benz customers in Germany can now pay for fuel directly from their vehicle using only their fingerprint. And Hyundai Motor America is enabling in-vehicle payments for parking with additional features and EV use cases to be enabled in the future. Digital solutions are also key to migrating Maestro to Debit Mastercard. This conversion drives a better cardholder experience, including in many cases, the ability to shop online and across borders, which leads to incremental card spend. And prior to full transition, we offer a virtual companion card to the current Maestro cards for immediate online use. In Europe, we're in the process of sun-setting new issuance of Maestro, and we will continue to work with our issuers on the migration of well over 100 million cards over time. A lot happening in P2M for sure. Onto the second vector for growth, new payment flows. There are substantial untapped flows across commercial payments and the disbursements and remittance space. In commercial, we continue to see strong growth. We're expanding our market-leading virtual card capabilities into new use cases. In the U.S. and Canada, our mobile payment solution is now live with BMO and TechPartner Extend, bringing our virtual card capabilities to contactless business payments. We also continue to expand our reach to corporates by partnering with Oracle to embed MasterCard virtual card capabilities into their Fusion Cloud ERP to enable supplier invoice payments and corporate purchases. And we are integrating our commercial payment and open banking capabilities into SAP Firenir platforms to deliver an embedded payment and lending experience. There remains a significant opportunity to convert cash and check to commercial card products. We're signing deals across the globe to do just that. We're excited to announce that we have agreed a long-term deal with Citibank to forge a global commercial card partnership covering more than 60 markets. The deal extends our leadership position with Citibank and reinforces our efforts to modernize and grow B2B payment flows. We also signed our first ever commercial contract with Axis Bank in India and a commercial deal with the biggest investment bank in Latin America, BTG Pactual. Now, let's focus on disbursements and remittances. With access to more than 95% of the world's bank population, our reach spans more than 180 countries and more than 150 currencies. And we are seeing strong growth. In the third quarter, transactions were up more than 30% on a year-over-year basis. To continue growing in this space, we're expanding into new use cases and geographies. A great example is our partnership with Remitly, one of the fastest growing digital remittance platforms with over five million active users. Remitly will leverage our disbursement and remittance solutions to help make international payments faster, easier, and more secure. We're also expanding our collaboration with Paysend in the U.K. to enhance cross-border payments for SMEs. Now our value-add services and solutions are another important driver for our growth. Collectively, this suite of capabilities is fast-growing and provides a diversified revenue stream. We have invested thoughtfully to develop services focused on supporting our customers in areas of growing need. Cybersecurity threats are rising, a trend that will unfortunately persist. And there's an increasing demand for actionable insights and more personalized experiences. Our services, bolstered by our data-driven intelligence, can help customers reduce fraud, grow their portfolios, and better engage with their end customers. Take our cyber solutions, which protect consumers and the payments ecosystem more broadly. One example is SafetyNet, which in the past 12 months has prevented more than $20 billion in fraud. This is just one of our many fraud solutions that we're deploying to deliver more value and support continued growth. AI also continues to play a critical role powering our products and fueling our network intelligence. We're scaling our AI-powered transaction fraud monitoring solution, which delivers real-time predictive scores based on a unique blend of customer and network-level insights. This powerful solution gives our customers the ability to take preventive action before the transaction is authorized. This quarter alone, we signed agreements in Argentina, Saudi Arabia, and Nigeria with financial institutions and Fintech's, who will benefit from early fraud detection and with merchants who will experience less friction and higher approval rates. In the end, this all makes for a better consumer experience. We're also using our services, combining our data and expertise to help clients optimize and do more with their portfolios. This drives both direct services revenue and incremental payments revenue. Our consulting, marketing services, and targeting analytics help clients design and execute portfolio migrations, drive incremental card acquisition, and stimulate spend. For example, in Spain, we are working with Financiera El Corte Inglés to boost the migration of closed-loop clients to our new open-loop co-badge proposition. And we're working with Saudi National Bank to enable growth in their credit portfolio by increasing penetration from their debit base. So the headline for me is the power of our strategy to drive payment network and service revenue for MasterCard. Service improved the performance of a client's portfolio, leading to incremental payment flows which lead to more opportunities to use our services, and so on, and so on. It's a virtuous circle. We also had success in expanding our customer base and services through best-in-class personalization and our leading test and learn analytics capabilities. Don't just take our word for it. Gartner recognized the superior value proposition of dynamic yields, personalization activities, and selected it as the leader in its 2023 Gartner Magic Quadrant for the third year in a row. That's why luxury brands like Saks Fifth Avenue work with us to create hyper-personalized experiences for their e-commerce customers. This quarter, we extended our partnership with the merchant ALDI in both the U.S. and Australia to continue to leverage our test and learn platform to optimize category reviews, store hours, and marketing spend. And we're working with Duncan International to enhance their foundational data analytics capabilities to improve operational efficiencies. Our best-in-class solutions address the unique needs of a diverse set of customers, giving us ample opportunity to continue to grow across our value-add services and solutions. We have a strong foundation for growth in P2M, as discussed, new-flows and services, and we are also embracing new opportunities for future growth. As digital adoption continues to rise, open banking remains a key opportunity. We have a powerful set of assets with connectivity to over 95% of deposit accounts in the U.S. and 3,000 banks across Europe. We engage with a broad set of partners who are increasingly interested in the scale and potential of the open banking solutions we bring. This includes the account-to-account bill payments use case. Our open banking solutions enhance existing ACH flows by providing a simple and secure experience, allowing consumers to seamlessly share data with trusted parties. A previously announced partnership with JPMorgan Payments, Pay-by-Bank is now live, and Verizon plans to pilot this offering with their U.S. customers in the coming months. In addition to this, we're now collaborating with Worldpay to enable consumers to pay bills directly from their bank account. Our progress here continues. So in summary, our third quarter results reflect the strong fundamentals of our business and the continued resilience in consumer spending. There are substantial runways supported by opportunities to digitize person-to-merchant payments across both the dollar volume of flows and the number of transactions, and opportunities to address new payment flows and extend our diverse suite of services, all while we continue to invest in future areas for growth. When you put it all together, our diversified business is well-positioned for strong growth for years to come. Sachin, over to you.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Michael. Now turning to Page 3, which shows our financial performance for the quarter on a currency-neutral basis, excluding where applicable special items and the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments. Net revenue was up 11%, reflecting resilient domestic consumer spending and strong cross-border volume growth, as well as the continued growth in our value-added services and solutions. Operating expenses increased nine%, including a one ppt increase from acquisitions. And operating income was up 13%, including a minimal impact from acquisitions. Net income and EPS increased 21% and 24%, respectively, both reflecting the strong operating income growth, as well as a net tax benefit, which was primarily discrete due to U.S. tax guidance released in the current period. EPS was $3.39, which includes a nine-cent contribution from share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased $1.9 billion worth of stock and an additional $475 million through October 23, 2023. So let's turn to Page 4, where you can see the operational metrics for the third quarter. Worldwide Gross Dollar Volume, or GDV, increased by 11% year over year on a local currency basis. In the U.S., GDV increased by 5%, with credit growth of 7% and debit growth of 4%. Outside of the U.S., volume increased 13%, with credit growth of 13% and debit growth of 14%. Sequentially, the debit growth rate was primarily impacted by the lapping of the net West portfolio migration in the U.K. Overall, cross-border volume increased 21% globally for the quarter on a local currency basis, reflecting continued strong growth in both travel and non-travel-related cross-border spending. While this is sequentially lower versus Q2, this is due to tougher comps as we lapped the cross-border travel recovery from last year. When you look at the trend versus 2019, as Michael said, cross-border travel remained strong at 155% of 2019 levels in Q3, and cross-border card-not-present ex-travel continues to hold up well. Turning now to Page 5, switch transactions grew 15% year over year in Q3. Both card-present and card-not-present growth rates remain strong. We also continue to increase the percentage of transactions we switch. This is strategically important for us as it presents a revenue growth opportunity in both payments and services. An example of this is in Japan, where we began switching domestic transactions last September. In Q3 2023, we switched over 65% of our total transactions worldwide. For historical context, this figure was approximately 55% in 2018. In addition, card growth was 7%. Globally, there are 3.3 billion MasterCard and Maestro-branded cards issued. Turning to slide six, for a look into our net revenues for the third quarter discussed on a currency-neutral basis. Payment network net revenue increased 10%, primarily driven by domestic and cross-border transaction and volume growth, and also includes growth in rebates and incentives. Value-added services and solutions net revenue increased 14% relative to a strong Q3, a year ago. So let me give you a little bit of color. Our cyber and intelligence solutions continue to grow at a healthy pace driven by our underlying key drivers and demand for our fraud and security solutions. And we continue to see strong demand for our consulting and marketing services, as well as our loyalty solutions, which is partially tempered by other solutions. Now let's turn to Page 7, to discuss key metrics related to the payment network, again described on a currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. Looking quickly at each metric, domestic assessments were up 10%, while worldwide GDV grew 11%. The difference is primarily driven by mix. Cross-border assessments increased 26%, while cross-border volumes increased 21%. The five ppt difference is primarily due to mix. Transaction processing assessments were up 11%, while switch transactions grew 15%. The four ppt difference is primarily due to lower revenues related to FX volatility versus the prior year. Our network assessments related to licensing, implementation, and other franchise fees were $229 million this quarter. As a reminder, these other network assessments may fluctuate from period to period. Moving on to Page 8, you can see that on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, excluding special items, total adjusted operating expenses increased 9%, including a one ppt impact from acquisitions. This increase was primarily due to increased spending on personnel to support the continued execution of our strategic initiatives. Now turning to Page 9, let me comment on the operating metric trends in the third quarter and through the first three weeks of October. Starting with switched volume growth year over year, we lapped the NatWest migration early in the quarter and the commencement of switching in Japan late in the quarter. These factors are the primary drivers of the sequential declines in both Q3 and into October. One point on the U.S., the sequential drop in October primarily relates to the timing of certain Social Security payments this year versus last. Switch transactions follow similar patterns. Looking at cross-border, cross-border travel growth is being impacted by tougher comps as we continue to lap the recovery of travel. When compared to the 2019 index, cross-border travel metrics remain strong. Cross-border card-not-present ex-travel continues to show strength. Just for your information, we have included all the data points from the schedule, excluding activity from Russian-issued cards from current and prior periods in the appendix. Turning to Page 10, I wanted to share our thoughts on Q4. So let me start by saying consumer spending remains resilient and that our diversified business model continues to position us well for the many opportunities ahead. That being said, we are closely monitoring the elevated macro and geopolitical concerns and stand ready to adjust expenses should circumstances warrant. Consumer spending patterns continue to normalize post-pandemic, while pockets of opportunity remain for further recovery of cross-border travel, notably into and out of China. This will take some time as these corridors continue to face a variety of constraints. Having said this, our base case scenario continues to assume consumer spending remains resilient, buoyed by strong labor markets, and reflects recent spending dynamics. With respect to the fourth quarter, we expect year-over-year net revenue to grow at the low end of a low double-digit rate on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. Acquisitions are expected to have a minimal impact to this growth. Due to the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar in Q4, foreign exchange is now expected to be a tailwind of approximately zero to one ppt for the quarter, as compared to the three to four ppt benefit we had previously expected. This follows the impact we saw in the third quarter where the stronger dollar led to a foreign exchange benefit of two ppt to revenue, down from our initial expectations of a three ppt benefit. From an operating expense standpoint, we expect Q4 operating expenses to grow at a high single-digit rate versus a year ago on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. Acquisitions are forecast to add about one ppt to this growth, and foreign exchange is expected to be a headwind of between zero to one ppt for the quarter. Other items to keep in mind, on the other income and expense line, we forecast an expense of approximately $85 million for Q4. This excludes gains and losses on our equity investments, which are excluded from our non-GAAP metrics. Finally, we expect a tax rate of approximately 18% to 19% in Q4, based on the current geographic mix of our business. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Devin.
Devin Corr: Thank you, Sachin. Thank you, Michael. Audra, you can now open the call now for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] We'll take our first question from Sanjay Sakhrani at KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks. Good morning. Sachin, when we look at that fourth-quarter revenue deceleration, I think what the outlook implies, how much of it is, like, macro versus timing of incentives or something like that? I'm just curious, what factors are sort of driving that, and how we should think about that outlook, if there's still moderating trends going forward? Thanks.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Sanjay. So, a couple of thoughts. One, in the fourth quarter, you remember last year, we continued to experience elevated levels of FX volatility in the fourth quarter of last year. And those FX volatility levels are certainly moderated by a meaningful extent. You saw some of that come through in Q3. There's more that we would expect at current volatility levels in Q4. So that's certainly, baked into our thinking. And then to your point around rebates and incentives, look, we continue to compete in this market, and we have a strong pipeline of deals. We continue to win, as you've seen, in the nature of the various announcements we've put out. And I would say our planning, for planning purposes, we're continuing to, execute on the strong pipeline. You would expect that contra sequentially would be up as a percentage of our, assessment revenue in the fourth quarter, not too different than what you would see in any other year. We typically have higher contra levels in the fourth quarter when you look at them as a percentage of our assessment revenue. So really, that's what's there. And to your specific point around macro, it's like I said, our base case assumes, a resilient consumer. And that's very much what we're assuming going forward as well. there are always puts and takes depending on markets in question, but broadly speaking, we continue to see a strong consumer.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Tien-Tsin Huang at J.P. Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hi. Thanks. Good morning to everyone. Just on the Europe front, I noted that it's so a little bit, the four points, I think, sequentially, Euro and Euro. Is that just a NatWest comp out? Is there anything else to call out? I'm curious if you saw any change in or interesting performance country by country in Europe. Thanks.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Tien-Tsin, so a couple of thoughts. First, it's primarily the lapping effect of NatWest. So let's start there. there are always going to be puts and takes by country. I would say that, Michael talked a little bit about in select international markets, we're seeing some level of moderation. I would say in Europe, you're seeing that in the UK. But largely, if you see the decel, which you're talking about, that's largely driven by the lapping of our NatWest win last year.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Thanks for clarifying. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Harshita Rawat at Bernstein.
Harshita Rawat: Hi. Good morning. I want to ask about regulation. There's been some unrelated activity recently with Fed proposing new debit interchange caps, REG-II implementation for China present and the credit card competition bill. So Michael, taking a step back, how are you thinking about the regulatory environment in the U.S. and abroad? Thank you.
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Harshita. Thank you for directing that straight to me after a few questions on trends. But, there is certainly a lot going on. So that's for sure true. it's a lot of activity and they have been overlapping, REG-II, CCCA, the Fed on debit. So all this is related in a way, but it's also not related in a way. And I think this is important for us to take them one by one. And, without any particular order, let me start with CCCA, which has been a topic on this call for a little while. this topic is garnering a lot of momentum across our industry and industry participants. We are seeing a more united voice across banks and across merchants to address this point. Senators Durbin and Marshall have been very active over the last quarter since we last walked to attach this particular legislation proposal to other proposals and get a vote. They were not successful. And I think we actively used the time and productively used the time to bring across that this is not good for consumers. It is not good for small business. It is not good for merchants, particularly those who are driving large reward programs. So for all those reasons, we think this is a misguided proposal, a misguided legislation. We'll see where it goes going forward. But I have not been more optimistic on the industry pulling together to making those arguments understood than at this point. So this is CCCA. We're closely engaged on that. Now, on REG-II; so we're in compliance with that. Have we seen any particular outcome? I think it was a question on last call. Do you see this as an opportunity or as a risk? At this point, neither; what I can tell you is we will compete. We have invested billions over the years in the security of our network proposition and we think security is at the center of this whole debate. Can the merchant take away decisions from a consumer here and route this to the least cost and possibly the least secure network? Well, that is what we want to point out. That shouldn't be the case. We're leaning in on that. We haven't seen it yet at this point. So for us to just monitor and see what happens, we'll surely talk about it again next quarter. The Fed debit pricing piece that was put out yesterday is going into a consulting period. Here again, the same kind of momentum across the industry, across the American Bankers Association, the Electronic Payments Council, put out a letter to the Fed on Friday night along with seven other trades, if I recall correctly, arguing that price caps are generally driving market distortions. This is not a good thing. It's not a good thing for the consumer. Yet again, not a good thing for merchants who run reward programs and so forth. So we'll have to see where it goes. It is important, though, to point out that interchange is a balancing mechanism for the industry. It does not directly affect our P&L. So those are important things to keep in mind. For all of those, we see ourselves as an industry custodian to make sure that the arguments around safety and security and consumer choice are fully understood by all stakeholders.
Harshita Rawat: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Craig Moore at FT Partners.
Unknown speaker: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Actually, two; one, considering what we're seeing in the U.S. with deterioration in certain, should I say, credit quality buckets and so on and so forth, I'm curious if you could discuss how your spend in the U.S. has broken down between sort of the top 1% and the rest versus historical levels. It just might help us understand how insulated spend is to the specific credit issues we might be seeing over the next six months. And secondly, we've seen some pretty strong rhetoric out of Asia regarding moving away from the global networks due to actions taken around Russia and other places. I was wondering if you could comment on how discussions with those markets might have changed in recent times. Thanks.
Ashwin B.S: Hey, Craig. It's Ashwin. I'll take your first question on the spending trends in the U.S. and particularly in light of what you're talking about on the deterioration of credit quality. The headline for you is the following. Our portfolio in the U.S. is actually a pretty well-diversified portfolio across all spectrums of the consumer base. If you look at our company 10 years ago, I would argue it was a company which was more kind of weighted toward our credit portfolio. We have got a better mix right now of credit and debit across the spectrum of consumers. And diversification has always been our friend, whether it's around products, whether it's around geographical markets. That's kind of the way we've kind of tried to drive the strategy of the business. I would tell you, I mean, if you look at the composition of the issuers in the U.S., right, so we have a decent amount of, co-brand portfolios which cater to the affluent. And hopefully, from a credit quality standpoint, they stand to actually hold up pretty well even in, in down markets. The other piece I tell you is that we like the fact that we have been recently investing in winning debit portfolios. We've talked about how we won citizens. We talked about -- Michael just talked about how we won Webster. These are important portfolios because, as in up and down cycles, right, what happens with the diversified portfolios in down cycles, debit tends to be in favor because of the spend going toward these non-discretionary categories of spend. So, the headline I tell you is pretty well diversified across products and across the spectrum of consumers in the U.S.
Michael Miebach: And as we were saying earlier, we're monitoring credit availability. Credit availability is not an issue as far as we can see. At this point, it's beyond historic level. It's below historic level. So that's something that is part of our continuing efforts to understand where the dynamics are going. Now on Asia, you answered the question on their strong rhetoric from Asia. I would probably word this differently and say we're not seeing that. We're seeing this is an argument in a broader conversation around where value is coming from, the value of globalization and global connectivity. On the other hand, things like sanctions play into this. It's a very complex mix. And across the world, not just in Asia, there's a conversation around weighing all of that off. So it's important for you to understand that we have been partnering with countries around the world for years. Just take Europe to start with. Early on, we talked about Maestro and Debit Mastercard. We're partnering with a whole range of local payment systems for years. And there are no particular concerns around that. The same is in many other parts of the world. Where this is going and going forward, we'll have yet to see. But it is understood that as part of a globally connected economy and a world where some de-risking plays into that, trusted cross-border data flows matter. People still want to travel. And all of that makes us an important player. Also keep in mind that our capabilities across network level, trusted solutions, cyber-security solutions, gets us a seat at the table. We're seen as a technology company, a global technology company, not necessarily as a U.S. payment brand when we have those conversations because we help across. We enable local payment solutions through those services. So I'm not overly worried about this, but it's an active dialogue where we are seeing some really good things coming out of that. Think about some of the advancements in financial inclusion when local governments set up systems that reach consumers that haven't been reached before. That lifts everybody's boat. And that is good for the overall payments industry. So it is a broad topic. We've been engaging through the U.S. government, through other governments, multilateral organizations. And I personally spend quite a bit of time on that topic to ensure that we don't lose the benefit of a globally connected economy.
Unknown speaker: Thank you.
Operator: We'll move next to Will Nance at Goldman Sachs.
Will Nance: Hey, guys. I appreciate you taking the question. I wanted to ask about some of the trends in value-added services. It sounds like the commentary this quarter was similar to last quarter, kind of a tale of two S's, relatively strong growth in services, and maybe a little bit of drag from solutions. I was just wondering if you could talk on the drag-in solutions, a little bit of color on what's driving that, and maybe for the outlook, how long should we kind of expect that drag to continue and what's sort of the outlook for the two buckets?
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Will. So a couple of thoughts first. Like we mentioned in my prepared remarks, value-added services and solutions net revenue increased 14% this quarter. I will kind of emphasize that our cyber and intelligence solutions continue to grow at a healthy pace. This obviously is driven by underlying drivers as well as demand for our various solutions which we offer. And we're seeing similar trends in terms of strong demand for our consulting, marketing, and other quality solutions. To your point about the tempering effect of other solutions, that certainly is having a tempering effect. And what we have in other solutions is the relative growth rates from real-time payments, from what's going on from a bill payment standpoint. It's things of that nature which are actually growing at a slower pace, which is, candidly, I mean, something which we should expect. The reality is we've always talked about services in the past. We haven't talked about value-added services and solutions. Now we're talking about value-added services and solutions, which is where you're seeing that tempering effect come through. I think if it's helpful, one of the things which I want to actually also share with you is that this overall growth rate can be impacted quarter to quarter by transaction growth, by comps, and by timing. And just as a reference point, when excluding other solutions which have the tempering effect, our value-added services have grown at 19% year-over-year on a year-to-date basis, excluding Russia. So I think what I'm kind of trying to share with you is there is this tempering effect on other solutions. You should expect that tempering effect to continue. All of that being said, there is the overall strength we see in our CNI and DNS side, which we're actually very positive of, we're seeing good demand in that space.
Will Nance: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Togut at Evercore ISI.
David Togut: Thank you very much. Given some of the tempering growth that you've highlighted, especially in VAS, how are you thinking about flexing expenses over the next six to 12 months? Where do you have a fair amount of discretion? And what are some of the areas, particularly like R&D, which would be sacrosanct?
Michael Miebach: Right. So what Sachin said, he wasn't really talking about tempering in VAS. He was talking about tempering in the other solutions. So I just want to kind of get that straight out. I think there is potentially a little bit of confusion here with our revenue disaggregation and the definitions here. We've talked about services in a particular way for years, and now we have a slightly different definition, as which we shared with you. So I just want to put that out there first. To your question, so we continue to expect strong growth in value-added services and solutions, DNS and CSI, as we said. As far as expenses go, I said it at the beginning, looking at macro, looking at everything that's going on around us, and we have demonstrated this through COVID, we have demonstrated it through Russia, and we will continue to demonstrate as we have a whole range of levers in a not particularly capital-heavy business to adjust our expenses. You've seen us managing for positive bottom-line and top-line growth on a year-over-year basis. We're not managing this quarter by quarter, but that is always something that we keep in mind. So our financial discipline will continue here. We have no reason to change that. It's working well, and that is the disciplined way to do this. Thank you.
Sachin Mehra: And David, I'll just add, just as Michael said, I think our philosophy from an operations standpoint is to continue to deliver positive operating leverage over the long term. We will do that in a disciplined manner to continue to drive short, medium, and long-term growth, and we will invest prudently. And we will obviously keep an eye on what's going on on the top line and kind of moderate on expenses as appropriate, as we've done historically. So I just want to reiterate exactly what Michael said there. Thank you.
David Togut: Yeah. Thank you.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, David.
Operator: Next, to Bryan Keane at Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane: Hi. Good morning. Sachin, I just wanted to ask about more chunkier portfolios and the timing of it. Obviously, NatWest anniversary, that might have surprised some people on the comps, but it's just an anniversary of that. So just thinking about Citizens or Webster or others, the timing on when they come on and any others out there?
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Brian. So on Citizens, the portfolio transition is on track for 2024. You should expect that that will take place over a period of time as opposed to a flip-the-switch kind of environment. Webster, we just announced, which we're super excited about, right? And the portfolio transition will also begin in 2024 and will take place over a period of time. Santander is done. NatWest I already spoke about. The other one, actually, which I kind of point out is Deutsche Bank, right? And there we had talked about conversion of 10 million cards. That conversion has started. It's a combination of debit and credit. It will happen over an extended period of time. Again, it's not a flip-the-switch kind of scenario. And the last one I'd mention is around Unicredit, which is something which will happen over multiple years. So this is not, and when I say multiple years, I literally mean you'll start in 2024 and this will work its way through over a few years. So that's what I can share with you in terms of at least the chunky ones. Obviously, there are a bunch of other portfolios which we went, all the time, but these are the bigger ones.
Bryan Keane: Thank you.
Sachin Mehra: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Chiodo at UBS.
Tim Chiodo: Great. Thank you for taking the question. I just wanted to take this as an opportunity to revisit some of the mechanics around rebates and incentives. If you could just provide a recap on the portions of rebates and incentives that are volume and performance-based, some of the portions that are maybe more fixed, and then the portions that are more cumulative over the course of a contract? I think that would be appreciated by all. Thank you.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. So first, the reason we do rebates and incentives is to drive volume. I just want to be clear. That's kind of what drives, what we're trying to do, which is to win preference, which allows us to generate revenue from the payment stream, as well as to deliver services to drive our net revenue yield. So that's kind of the headline. Your specific question around rebates and incentives, right, it's a combination typically of fixed and variable. It depends on a deal-by-deal basis. If it's a fixed incentive, the fixed incentive is typically amortized over the life of the deal. Variable incentives are variable in nature. They vary with the volume, which are coming through, and they are timed with how the volume rolls on. So that's kind of the highest level. The other piece I'd kind of share with you is, rebates and incentives are typically more indexed toward domestic volumes, less indexed toward cross-border. So those are the salient pieces I'd mention to you on rebates and incentives.
Tim Chiodo: Greatly appreciated. Thank you.
Sachin Mehra: Sure.
Operator: We'll go next to Dan Dolev at Mizuho.
Dan Dolev: Hey. Thanks. Michael, I just want to give you a compliment first because this is close to my heart, and I appreciate you mentioning the terror attack on Israel. I think your competitor made it more like of a politically correct comment on their call, so I really appreciate it. And then to my question, a key European merchant acquirer called out a big negative trend in Germany, and as the whole market trended down. Can you make some specific comments on how much of that was stuff that you were seeing? Because it seems like trends are actually pretty solid and pretty resilient, so there's quite a bit of confusion in the market. We would appreciate some comments on the European macro trend. Thank you.
Michael Miebach: Thanks, Dan. As you can appreciate, I keep a close eye on the German market very specifically, and I think there's a lot of confusion and we're not seeing that. Consumer spending remains pretty steady in Germany and generally in Europe. Sachin talked a little bit about one U.K. might have a little bit of moderation here and there, but overall we're not seeing that. So what we see on the other hand, as is strong growth for us in Europe on all the migrations, on our debit maestro migrations and so forth. So Europe's been a bright star, continues to be for us. So we don't quite relate to what others are reporting.
Dan Dolev: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: We'll go next to Darrin Peller at Wolfe Research
Darrin Peller: Thanks, guys. I just wanted to follow up a little bit more on the incentives and rebates. But first, just, Michael, the number of portfolios that you guys are winning on the different parts of the world, really, but just talk a little bit about the competitive landscape, whether it's Unicredit or now Citizens and how that dovetails into incentives and rebates because the growth, I mean, you're about five, 600 basis points faster than gross revenues you're seeing on it. Maybe that part's a more first action. And it offsets some of the exciting opportunities we're seeing on gross revenue growth kind of in a few quarters in a row now. And so I just want to get a better sense of what you're seeing in terms of, anything structural on rebates, incentives that may be a bit different and tied to winning business, or is it just more business as usual and not necessarily a competitive landscape? Thank you.
Michael Miebach: Let me start off here. So I want to reiterate what Sachin said before. We are trying to win portfolios that are important for market relevance perspective for us to gain access to transactions to drive our services model and, follow through on that virtuous circle that I talked about earlier in my remarks. So that's the whole idea. We keep net revenue yield in mind as we do all of this. That is the integrated payments competitive landscape. Payments is competitive. There's a lot of players out on the landscape. we like competition and we feel we have a truly unique proposition between our payments and digital solutions on one hand and our services on the other hand. So when you think about Unicredit, so why did they come to us? Well, they were looking at our proven track record in our engagement with Unicredit for the expanded relationships and supporting their customers. They like our sustainability agenda. On Citizens, it was a similar kind of mix and on Webster, yet again, it was a similar kind of mix. There's always something across the portfolio of services that sticks out. Citizens, I recall a conversation on open banking, for example. That is clearly one that mattered and the sustainability agenda yet again. So it's a mix. There is nothing particularly new here. We always weigh off the volume growth that we can see with the incentives that we give to make this whole equation work for us in a very disciplined manner. We do not want to win. So we're very disciplined about that and I don't see anything out of the ordinary here, but I want to hand over to Sachin to give us a little more color on that.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. So, Darren, I think Michael covered kind of the competitive landscape. I think your specific question around the divergence, not divergence, but the fact that gross revenue is growing at a faster clip and the incentives are actually impacting the growth on the net revenue side. The reality is in the growth business, the growth portfolio is up front. Going back to the earlier question which was asked, when you're doing a combination of fixed and variable incentives, fixed incentives start to amortize the moment a deal goes live. That doesn't mean the volumes come on at full speed when the deal goes live. Because like we talk, we talk about conversions happening over multiple years. If a conversion happens right away, you get the volume right away and you start to see the associated impact from a revenue standpoint. So there is this lag which exists between when we're recognizing the impact of those incentives and when we would expect at full ramp the volumes to come on as we win deals. But that's more of a technicality as in how the math around that works. I think the bottom line still remains which is we would rather be in the payment flow on a disciplined basis to be able to drive higher net revenue yield for our company than not be in the flow. Because you're not in the flow, you're not getting the benefit of PCE, you're not getting the benefit of cash, which are moving from cash to electronic forms of payment, and you're certainly not getting the ability to deliver certain levels of services which we got out there. So that's kind of the broad philosophy from a competitive standpoint that we've chosen to take here.
Darrin Peller: All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Next, we'll move to Ashwin Shirvaikar at Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Hey. Thanks. So I want to talk about a by-Bank. It's live with JPMorgan. I mean, Verizon is piloting. Can you speak to the momentum you're seeing in the product? And given that it uses traditional ACH banking rails, could you maybe more broadly speak to the economic model for this and similar products that maybe tend to not use Mastercard rails?
Michael Miebach: Right. So this is a combination of bill pay, of open banking. This is for us sitting in the new flow space. Very specifically, what we are addressing is trying to bring value to ACH flows. These are, somebody paying a doctor or things like that. And how do we add value to this is by plugging onto a flow that would take place and might not happen because of insufficient funds on an account. We're putting in our open banking connection to make it clear is there a balance on the account. It's called the payment success indicator. That is the product. And it is a per-click fee related to the API call. So that is the model. That is bringing value to a part of the payments industry where there wasn't a particular problem to be solved and not anybody willing to pay for it. I think we're starting to find these corners where there is real value that we can bring. So for us, this is TAM expansion. This is new flows. And as I said, we're bringing our unique combination of services together. We are in real-time payments and we are in digital identity and we're in open banking. All of this is needed here to make the solution work. And this is why a player like JPMorgan comes to us to do this for us. And Verizon, to the point about momentum, will now be piloting it. So it would be a little early to talk about momentum. But we'll come back on that as that solution is then rolled out into the market. But it is now live. And that was an important point for us, because it had to be built and put together and we have done that.
Operator: We'll go next to Jeff Cantwell at Seaport Research.
Jeff Cantwell: Hey. Thanks. I wanted to ask about your business update in October specifically. We can see in the U.S. switched volume growth is 5%. So that's 200 bps slower versus the 7% you did this quarter. But can you talk a little more about how you see the holiday season developing this year? Because we've seen some estimates that consumer spend could increase by 5% versus last year, which sounds pretty good all things considered. You highlighted resilience and consumer spend this quarter. So I just wanted to take your temperature on how the entire quarter might develop, specifically in the U.S. Thanks.
Sachin Mehra: Hey, Jeff. So on the U.S. specifically, what you're seeing in the day 21 numbers is, like I said in my prepared remarks, it's primarily related to the timing of Social Security payments between this year and last year. So that's really what you're seeing in the nature of that 7% growth in Q3, which now shows that 5% in the first three weeks of October. So this really, from an underlying standpoint, other than that, there's not much we're seeing in the nature of a trend shift in the U.S. in the first three weeks of October. On your question about how we see Q4 shaping up, it's actually very much in line with what I shared, which is basically a scenario continues to be one of where the consumer remains resilient. I mean, the reality is, unemployment levels are at all-time record lows. When people have jobs, they hopefully are getting their paychecks, which they're hopefully using toward meeting their spending needs. You also saw GDP came out this morning and it came out pretty strong. So I kind of generally think about this as saying our base case scenario around consumer strength and resilience is what we're assuming going into Q4.
Jeff Cantwell: OK. Thanks very much.
Sachin Mehra: Sure
Operator: We'll go next to Ramsey El-Assal at Barclays.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to follow up on Dan Dola's question earlier and I'm wondering about the sort of dislocation between your valuation and the marketplace and the valuation of your distribution channels, the acquirers, and banks that sort of flow transactions to you. Can you give us your updated thoughts on the overall health and TAM penetration of this core kind of value chain? When you look at the heritage distribution channels on both sides, are you seeing upheaval or are you seeing stability? In other words, are the market kind of getting the same benefits as the other?
Michael Miebach: All right. Hey, Ramsey, let me start off on that. So if you look at how our distribution has evolved over the years, the whole theme of diversification across products and segments also applies here. So we're doing a whole number of things. I talked about our work on acceptance. That is part of our distribution where contactless, tap on phone, things like that, a whole range of new merchant groups scaling these kind of technologies with partners like Stripe. Those are all going into areas that we haven't been in. Then you have other parts of our go to market. We talked about in B2B, we talked about Oracle and SAP. You go over into the world of acquirers. There's a whole range of acquirers, more traditional acquirers, which are our partners. So across the board, it's highly diversified, it's regionally highly diversified. So these blips here really talk about other people's business. But earlier on the question around what we're seeing in Europe, we're just not seeing it in our numbers because we have a highly diversified model. So whatever specific sector focus somebody has that is a partner of ours doesn't necessarily throw through for us. So I don't know if the market got it wrong or not. We're not the Oracle, but we make sure we partner with everybody to drive the overall digital ecosystem.
Ramsey El-Assal: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Bob Napoli at William Blair.
Bob Napoli: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to follow up on commentary around the open banking, banking as a service. And MasterCard also, you've done a great job of partnering with a lot of fintechs. We were just at Money 2020, and I would say this year there were a lot more regulators than I remember in the past. And talking about open banking and how active they are in reviewing all the partners in those relationships. So just any thoughts on your outlook for your open banking investments and then how you think about the regulation, the growing regulation around open banking or banking as a service?
Michael Miebach: Right. So we continue to believe in the whole notion of open banking and open data at large, where people and businesses use their own data to drive toward better services and better propositions for them. So the idea stands. And I think the idea gets hold and hold. If you look at Europe with, more regulation coming in, looking at PSD3 and so forth, you're looking at the CFPB here in the United States putting out some thoughts on how regulation could look like. For us, I put this in context of the idea is understood. How do you make it safer? What does that need? It needs trusted parties in the middle. We're in a world full of a bunch of bilateral relationships where people exchange data in a not so safe way. That would be a bad world. That's what regulators want to prohibit. We're coming in and saying we could be one of those parties that really bring the idea to life for consumers. I can use my data for better financial services. So when I look at what the CFPB has put out, we largely support the idea. It aligns very well with our data responsibility principles that we put out. It's your data, the consumer. You benefit from it. You control it. It is our role as a company to keep it safe, and we're very good at that. So our interlocking circles stand for trust. For open banking to work, you need trust. I think that is where we're going. So we're engaging. In fact, we're oftentimes in the room when these things are being thought about. In Europe, we were very much part of the dialogue on how data privacy on this context will look like.
Operator: And we'll take that last question from Jason Kupferberg at Bank of America.
Jason Kupferberg: Hey, thanks, guys. I just wanted to flashback to the analyst day two years ago. I know you had shared a three-year guide at the time for revenue CAGR of high teens through 2024, and it looks like you'll basically be right there through the first two years of that forecast period. So I just wanted to take your temperature on that three-year outlook and give you a rearview mirror.
Michael Miebach: Yeah, Jason. So, look, we're not updating anything on the three-year outlook at this point in time. It's like you said, the first year actually turned out to be a very nice year. Again, in the second year, we've delivered quite strongly year to date, and then we've shared with you what we think will happen from an expectation standpoint in Q4. The one thing I just want to kind of orient everybody to is that we're in a very, very volatile time, and the world has actually changed quite meaningfully since then, which is what I'm alluding to here is the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and our suspension of activities in Russia. So that's something to keep in mind. We certainly keep it in mind as part of the fact that what we were assuming at that point in time in period Russia right now, obviously we don't have revenues related to Russia, which are coming through. But beyond that, I have nothing really to share in terms of updated thoughts around our three-year outlook.
Devin Corr: So thank you for the questions today. Thank you for the trust in MasterCard. I always thank our people. And this is yet again the moment to do this. Times are not that easy for everybody, and they're leaning in, and they're leaning in for our customers. So thank you to everybody at MasterCard who is on the call, and thank you to all of you who listened in and asked questions. Speak to you one quarter from now. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Operator: [Operator signoff]

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Audra, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mastercard Inc. Q2 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Mr. Devin Corr, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Devin Corr: Thank you, Audra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2023 earnings call. With me today are Michael Miebach, our Chief Executive Officer; and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Michael and Sachin, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I'd like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I will now turn the call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Michael Miebach.
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Devin. Good morning, everyone. So starting with the big picture. Our momentum continued into the second quarter with net revenue up 15% and operating income up 16%, both versus a year ago on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, once again demonstrating the strong fundamentals of our business. Consumer spending has remained resilient with spend on experiences and travel remaining a focus. On the macroeconomic front, we continue to monitor a number of factors. First, the overall labor market remains strong, including wage growth, and consumers continue to be supported by credit and savings. These are key factors of consumer spending.  Second, the efforts of central banks to curb inflation are showing signs of progress. Despite this, inflation remains elevated, and we are in a period of tight monetary policy across many countries. Economic growth will continue to vary country by country and sector by sector. Looking at our switched volume trends. Domestic volume growth remains healthy. We continue to see strength in T&E with some recent moderation in both inflation and spend in select international markets. Cross-border travel continues to show strength, reaching 154% of 2019 levels in the second quarter. We remain well positioned to capitalize on this trend with our travel-oriented portfolios and our initiatives in areas like loyalty and marketing. Cross-border card-not-present ex travel continues to hold up well.  We're monitoring the environment closely and are ready to adjust investment levels as appropriate while maintaining focus on our key strategic priorities. As a reminder, these priorities are: one, expanding in payments; two, extending our services; and three, embracing new networks. First, we're expanding in payments by continuing to win deals with a diverse set of customers, powering growth and acceptance, capturing a prioritized set of new payment flows, and exploring new ways to ensure payment choice by leveraging multiple alternatives, including card rails, ACH, blockchain and open banking. Back to the top of this list. We are winning deals across the globe through a combination of our innovative products, differentiated services and our solution-selling approach. I'll share a few examples from each region. Let's start in Europe, where we announced a significant win with UniCredit across all card products.  We expanded our partnership and put in place a first-of-its-kind, single-card, multi-market strategy spanning 13 banks, 12 markets and 20 million cards. UniCredit selected Mastercard due to our innovative digital capabilities, shared focus on sustainability and proven ability to support their client needs. In Germany, the previously announced conversion of approximately 10 million of Deutsche Bank's credit and debit cards to Mastercard has now started. These wins build on our prior success in the U.K., where there are now 16 million NatWest Debit Mastercards live in market. When combined with the Santander and First Direct migrations, approximately 27 million debit cards have now shifted to Mastercard across these 3 portfolios in the U.K. Turning to North America. Mastercard will partner with Fiserv's money network for all U.S. state and federal government benefit and wage disbursement debit programs. Up north, Coast Capital, Canada's largest Federal credit union, will be converting their consumer and small business portfolios to Mastercard. The partnership highlights our shared commitment to local communities with issuance through Collabria Financial Services.  In addition, we have a new agreement with Tim Hortons, the largest quick-service restaurant brand in Canada. Tim Hortons will launch a new Mastercard credit card and will be using a broad set of Mastercard's digital, analytics and fraud services and technologies. Our relationship with Santander in Latin America continues to grow. In Mexico, we established a long-term exclusive deal with Openbank, their new digital bank. We also renewed the Fiesta Rewards co-brand credit card, Santander's key offering within their consumer portfolio.  In Brazil, we will be Santander's exclusive partner across their commercial portfolio. And we've expanded our partnership with fast-growing Sicredi, one of Brazil's largest credit unions.  In Asia Pacific, we've extended our relationship with Standard Chartered Bank, which will enable us to grow our consumer credit presence across key markets in the region. We've also expanded our partnership with HSBC through the launch of the Travel One Card in Singapore, Malaysia and Vietnam. Travel One will provide instant in-app rewards redemption powered by the Mastercard Rewards system. With all of these cards, people do need a place to use them. We continue to power growth and acceptance by establishing new partnerships and scaling new technologies. This quarter, we announced partnerships with both Alipay and WeChat Pay to enable international travelers to easily link any Mastercard credit or debit card to Alipay and WeChat Pay digital wallets. The partnership allows visitors to make payments with tens of millions of QR code merchants across China.  I just returned from China, where I saw firsthand how this is helping international travelers shop and pay in more places in a simple way. It's like paying like a local. And this will be valuable as inbound cross-border travel to China improves from approximately 50% of 2019 levels in the second quarter. In the online environment, we are scaling our Click to Pay capability to enhance the guest checkout experience. Click to Pay transactions grew over 70% year-over-year in the second quarter, and the technology is now live in 30 markets. In the quarter, we added Chile, Bahrain and Slovakia. And NatWest Group became the first bank in the U.K. to go live with Click to Pay push provisioning for cardholders. Shifting to New Payment Flows. We are making tangible progress in this area. In commercial point of sale, we've extended our partnership with Brex to support the international expansion of their commercial portfolios. We expanded our relationship with myPOS continuing to drive new merchant acceptance across more than 30 European markets while also migrating their small business debit portfolio to Mastercard. And we've established an exclusive partnership with Australian lender, Grow Finance, to introduce credit cards to their small business customers later this year. In B2B accounts payable, we remain the market leaders in virtual card. We continue to drive growth by tapping into new use cases. For example, we established an exclusive partnership with EasyTransfer in Greater China. This competitive flip leverages our virtual card capabilities to support cross-border tuition payments for international students. We're also making it easy for buyers and suppliers to integrate virtual cards into the technology platforms they already use. Building on our prior announcements with SAP and Coupa, we've recently partnered with GEP to integrate our virtual card technology into their payables platform. And on the supplier side, we launched Mastercard Receivables Manager with Billtrust. The solution streamlines the processing of virtual card transactions for suppliers and automates the integration of reconciliation data into accounts receivable systems. This is a great solution. And it builds on partnerships with companies like Boost Payment Solutions, who have been working closely with Mastercard to expand and optimize commercial acceptance. And finally, in new flows, we continue to deploy our disbursement and remittances capabilities in new ways and across new geographies. In the U.S., we partner with top sports gaming processor, Interchecks, who will make Mastercard Send available to gaming operators for payouts. Careem Pay, one of the largest digital wallets in UAE, will use Send to top up their wallets using Mastercard. And on the cross-border front, we partnered with Al Fardan Exchange in Qatar to facilitate remittance services and support cross-border travel. Our work in real-time ACH continues to support these new flows. Our circular approach has been to expand our infrastructure reach into new markets. Going forward, we will be focusing on delivering and scaling in the markets we already are serving while building applications and services in these key locations, in line with our overall strategic and financial objectives. And in blockchain, we're introducing the MasterCard Multi-Token Network, MTN. MTN is a set of foundational capabilities designed to make transactions within digital asset and blockchain ecosystems, more secure, scalable and interoperable. We believe in the potential of blockchain technologies. However, regulated money, such as bank deposits and CBDCs, need to be part of the solution, and they should interoperate with traditional systems. We can help with that. MTN is the natural evolution of the work we have already done in this space. The initial sandbox will kick off in the U.K. this summer. Now turning to services. Our services inform decision-making of our customers. They help them create stronger connections and greater loyalty. Payments and services reinforce each other, multiplying our impact and the value we deliver to all our partners. Our services help many -- drive many of the wins I mentioned earlier. So here are a few additional examples. We recently launched our Consumer Fraud Risk solution, which leverages our latest AI capabilities and the unique network view of real-time payments I just mentioned to help banks predict and prevent payment scams. AI is a foundational technology used across our business and has been a game changer in helping identify such fraud patterns. We've partnered with 9 U.K. banks, including Barclays, Lloyds Bank, Halifax, Bank of Scotland, NatWest, Monzo and TSB to stop scam payments before funds leave a victim's account. TSB, one of the first banks to adopt the solution, indicated that it has already dramatically increased its fraud detection since deploying the capability. We're combining our loyalty, consulting, analytics and identity services in different ways to help our customers capitalize on the travel recovery. This quarter, we extended our broad-based partnership with Expedia Group. Together, we will combine Mastercard's loyalty solution with Expedia's extensive travel supply to enable Mastercard cardholders to book travel using loyalty points. We also partnered with Thomas Cook in India to issue prepaid cards for international travel. The proposition includes cardholder access to over 450 cross-border travel offers through Mastercard Travel Rewards. And earlier this month, I met with our partners at Deutsche Bank and Lufthansa in Frankfurt. We resigned our long-standing partnerships with Lufthansa Group for its Miles & More loyalty program and welcomed Deutsche Bank as the new issuing partner. In this enhanced relationship, you will see a combination of our loyalty solutions, personalization capabilities and digital user experiences help the partnership take off to the next level using airlines peak. We're also leveraging our personalization in Test & Learn capabilities to help our partners across the ecosystem enhance the customer experience and improve acquisition and conversion rates. For example, the combined Dynamic Yields personalization capabilities with our marketing services to drive digital customer acquisition for Ecobank in Nigeria. In addition, HP Inc. has partnered with us to deploy personalized bank content for their consumers across Canada and Europe. And on the merchant side, we are working with 7-Eleven in Australia using our Test & Learn capabilities to support their rollout of new store concepts and evolve its food and beverage offerings. Our third strategic priority area is embracing new networks with a focus on open banking and digital identity. We continued to make progress in open banking and established a series of new and expanded collaborations this quarter, including ones with Freddie Mac, Algon based out of France and Dapi in the UAE. These entities will leverage our smart and consumer permission data to drive increased financial inclusion and make digital interaction simpler and safer. Turning to digital identity. We're driving adoption across several new verticals, including travel, ticketing, retail and financial institutions. Travel provider, FlightHub, is using our identity solutions to help travelers book their new next adventure.  Sports teams across the U.S., including the New Jersey Devils, use these solutions to enable fans to buy tickets while reducing fraud on ticketing platforms. Major League Baseball used our NuDetect technology to ensure that All-Star votes were authentic for this year's All-Star game. In retail, we partner with IKEA, who is using Ekata to help reduce friction and fraud. And financial institutions like Greenwood, a digital banking platform for Black and Latinx communities are using our capabilities to authenticate consumers in real time, making financial empowerment a reality for more people. So in summary, we delivered another strong quarter of revenue and earnings growth, supported by resilient consumer spending, particularly in travel and experiences. Our strong deal momentum continues with new wins and expanded relationships powered by our services across a range of partners, including UniCredit, Fiserv, Tim Hortons, Brex and many more. Our differentiated capabilities, diversified business model and focused strategy positions us well to capitalize on the significant opportunity ahead. Sachin, over to you.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Michael. So turning to Page 3, which shows our financial performance for the quarter on a currency-neutral basis, excluding special items and the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments. Net revenue was up 15%, reflecting resilient consumer spending and the continued recovery of cross-border travel as well as the continued growth in our value-added services and solutions. Operating expenses increased 13%, including a minimal impact from acquisitions. And operating income was up 16%, including a minimal impact from acquisitions. Net income and EPS increased 11% and 14%, respectively, both reflecting a sizable discrete tax expense this quarter related to foreign tax legislation enacted in Brazil. EPS of $2.89 includes a $0.22 reduction due to the discrete tax expense I just mentioned and an $0.08 contribution from share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased $2.4 billion worth of stock and an additional $497 million through July 24, 2023. So let's turn to Page 4, where you can see the operational metrics for the second quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV, increased by 12% year-over-year on a local currency basis. In the U.S., GDV increased by 6% with credit growth of 8% and debit growth of 3%. Outside of the U.S., volume increased 16% with credit growth of 14% and debit growth of 17%. Of note, we have now completed the NatWest debit migration in the U.K. Overall, cross-border volume increased 24% globally for the quarter on a local currency basis, reflecting continued improvement in travel-related cross-border spending. While this is sequentially lower versus Q1, this is due to tougher comps as we opened up post-Omicron last year. When you look at the trend versus 2019, you see continued strength. For example, cross-border travel is at 154% of 2019 levels in Q2, which is up 6 ppt from the prior quarter. On the same basis, cross-border card-not-present excluding travel continues to hold up well in relation to 2019 levels, up 2 ppt from the prior quarter to 210%. Turning to Page 5. Switched transactions grew 17% year-over-year in Q2. Both card-present and card-not-present growth rates remained strong. Card-present growth was aided in part by increases in contactless penetration as contactless now represents over 60% of all in-person switched purchase transactions. In addition, card growth was 8%. Globally, there are 3.2 billion Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards issued.  Turning to Slide 6 for a look into our net revenues for the second quarter, which came in above our expectations. As a reminder, earlier this year, we revised our disaggregated revenue disclosure. Net revenues are now broken down into 2 new categories: payment network and value-added services and solutions. Now getting into the numbers described on a currency-neutral basis.  Payment network net revenue increased 15% primarily driven by domestic and cross-border transaction and volume growth and also includes growth in rebates and incentives. Payment network net revenue was higher than anticipated primarily due to higher revenues related to FX volatility and the timing of planned deal activity. Value-added services and solutions net revenue increased 16% primarily due to the continued healthy growth of our Cyber & Intelligence solutions driven by our underlying driver growth and the demand for our fraud and security solutions, and strong demand for consulting and marketing services, which was partially offset by other solutions. Now let's turn to Page 7 to discuss key metrics related to the payment network, again, described on a currency-neutral basis, unless otherwise noted. Looking quickly at each key metric. Domestic assessments were up 11%, while worldwide GDV grew 12%. The difference is primarily driven by mix. Cross-border assessments increased 29%, while cross-border volumes increased 24%. The 5 ppt difference is primarily due to favorable mix as higher-yielding ex intra-Europe cross-border volumes grew faster than intra-Europe cross-border volumes this quarter. Transaction processing assessments were up 16%, while switched transactions grew 17%. The 1 ppt difference is primarily due to lower revenues related to FX volatility versus the prior year. Other network assessments related to licensing, implementation and other franchise fees were $270 million this quarter. As a reminder, these other network assessments may fluctuate from period to period.  Moving on to Page 8. You can see that on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, excluding special items, total adjusted operating expenses increased 13% primarily due to increased spending on personnel to support the continued execution of our strategic initiatives. Now turning to Page 9. Let me first comment on the operating metrics trends in the second quarter. Versus 2019, overall spending has remained resilient. When viewed year-over-year on a sequential basis, we are seeing some moderation in both inflation and spend in select international markets as well as more difficult comps. As it relates to the first 3 weeks of July, our metrics are holding up well, generally in line with Q2 when indexed to 2019. Just for your information, we have included all the data points from this schedule excluding activity from Russian-issued cards from current and prior periods in the appendix. Turning to Page 10. I want to share our thoughts on the remainder of the year. Let me start by saying that our business fundamentals continue to remain strong as overall consumer spending remains healthy and we continue to deepen our relationships with partners across the globe. Domestic spending patterns have broadly normalized postpandemic. Cross-border travel continues to grow at a healthy pace, now above 150% of 2019 levels. While the travel recovery has progressed well in most regions, there remain pockets of opportunity, notably into and out of China. We remain well positioned to capitalize on this continued growth with our travel-oriented portfolios and related service offerings. Cross-border card-not-present ex travel continues to hold up well. While we are monitoring a number of macro and geopolitical factors, our base case scenario for the year continues to assume consumer spending remains resilient, buoyed by strong labor market and reflects current spending dynamics and the ongoing recovery of cross-border travel. For the year, our outlook is broadly unchanged. We expect net revenue growth for the full year 2023 to remain in the low teens range on a currency-neutral basis excluding acquisitions and special items. As a reminder, this growth rate would have been approximately 1.5 ppt higher if you exclude Russia-related revenues from 2022. Foreign exchange is expected to be a tailwind of 1 ppt for the year, and we expect a minimal impact from acquisitions. Our expectations for operating expense for the year are also unchanged with growth expected to be at the high end of a high single-digit rate on a currency-neutral basis excluding acquisitions and special items. Acquisitions are forecasted to add about 1 ppt to this growth, and foreign exchange is expected to be a headwind of approximately 0 to 1 ppt for the year. As Michael mentioned, we are prepared to proactively adjust our operating expenses if we see meaningful changes to top line growth. With respect to the third quarter, year-over-year net revenue is expected to grow at a low double-digit rate, again, on a currency-neutral basis excluding acquisitions and special items. Coming off a strong Q2, this sequentially reflects a lower anticipated contribution to growth from revenues related to FX volatility. Foreign exchange is expected to be a tailwind of approximately 3 ppt, and acquisitions are not expected to have much of an impact for the quarter. From an operating expense standpoint, we expect Q3 growth to be at the high end of a high single-digit rate versus a year ago on a currency-neutral basis excluding acquisitions and special items. Acquisitions are forecast to add approximately 0 to 1 ppt to this growth, and foreign exchange is expected to be a headwind of approximately 1 to 2 ppt. Other items to keep in mind. First, on the other income and expense line, we forecast an expense of approximately $90 million for Q3. This excludes gains and losses on our equity investments, which are excluded from our non-GAAP metrics. Second, we expect a non-GAAP tax rate of between 18% and 19% for Q3 and Q4 based on the current geographic mix of our business and the recent U.S. tax guidance that allows for more tax credits to be claimed related to 2022 and 2023. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Devin.
Devin Corr: Thank you, Sachin. Audra, we are now ready to begin the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from Tien-Tsin Huang at JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Just want to ask on the UniCredit win there. That was a nice one just outside of the top 10, it looks like, in Europe. So you mentioned a multi-market strategies what they're going after, and I heard sustainability also as a reason for the win. I'm just curious, thinking about this as a case study, is this a new trend? Why are they employing the strategy now in the wake of a lot of the macro uncertainty, open banking, and there was a lot of talk about pan-European schemes and whatnot. So I'm -- just wanted to study this a little bit and if there's any comments on timing pricing as well.
Michael Miebach: Right. Tien-Tsin, thanks for the question. So this is a fantastic win. We're excited about that. As I laid out, it's very unique. This is a pan-European bank, so cutting across 13 banks in 12 markets. It's a wide strategy. Therefore, it's single card, multi-market and it cuts across a lot of our digital capabilities. So I think the breadth of our offering on the digital-first side as well as our services are a key aspect of us winning this particular portfolio. The sustainability part, we see this across a whole range of customers who are all looking at climate as the question of the century to solve, what can be done, the consumption question in the context of payments. There's so many angles to it. Our Priceless Planet Coalition on tree planting itself plays into that. So that is particularly important to UniCredit. So here again, we had a meeting of the minds. In the end, it comes down to as part of the migration, and you alluded to this in your question, do we stand ready to serve their needs from day 1 as the migration starts. We have proven this with Deutsche Bank, we've proven it with NatWest and so forth. So this is something that is not new to us. So we're excited to see this unfold over the near future.
Operator: We'll go next to Harshita Rawat at Bernstein.
Harshita Rawat: Michael, I want to ask about FedNow, which is now finally launched. I know you've commented on this before, and it's very early days and far from any sort of ubiquity or potential retail payment use cases. But you've had also a lot of experience working alongside real-time payments rails owning some TAM. So how are you thinking about FedNow and the risk [indiscernible] involved.
Michael Miebach: Thanks, Harshita. Yes, we're all monitoring what FedNow is doing. They are now going live. So this is clearly a milestone, a good opportunity to look at this topic again. Yes, our view on this really hasn't changed. So in the end, it comes down to what problem you are trying to solve.  What are merchants looking for? Merchants are looking for reach to consumers. So scale matters. What are consumers looking for? Consumers are looking for safe ways to pay in a predictable fashion, ubiquity available. So those are all factors that haven't changed with this launch. We built that acceptance. We have a brand, the 2 interlocking circles that represent trust so that addresses a lot of what merchants and consumers are looking for. And we strengthened the position -- the proposition over years, contactless, Tap on Phone, buy now, pay later, Mastercard Installments, Click to Pay and so forth. So that's good.  The Mastercard debit proposition is strong, and we keep evolving that. So it's well understood now. FedNow is launching. So as we look at that, we will obviously continue to compete and offer our services to our banking and issuing partners. At the same time, in our experience, to your question, we have stayed close to these systems in various other countries in the end, ending up partnering with most of them. So here, we'll have to see where it goes live. Going live doesn't mean that it is broadly available yet. It is early days, as you said.  It doesn't have features. It doesn't have a consumer platform as such. You can't access it through your mobile banking app. All of that is what our solution today provides. So we have to see where it goes. Head-on competition by the mindset of partnership where and when it makes sense for us and where this goes. It is important to say that we do have solutions for these systems. If you look at the Chase Pay by Bank solution that we put into the market, so that's exactly leveraging these kind of flows that would run across these systems, generally B2B-focused. Some noncard penetration verticals run across these particular systems. So we see that as an opportunity. And Chase Pay by Bank app will be one of those ways to going after that. We've done similar kind of solutions in the U.K., in Europe and so forth. So more to come. We'll stay very close. At this point in time, I think we have a better solution in the market.
Operator: We'll go next to Sanjay Sakhrani at KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: I had a question on the Fed routing rules on debit. I guess the card-not-present transactions went through in July. I'm just curious sort of how you see the opportunity there. It would seem like you're in a good position to take some share.
Michael Miebach: Right. So the clarification came to networks available as of 1st of July. So we put that in place and we said we would, and we're ready to do that. It's still early days. We have to see where that goes. But as you rightly said, Sanjay, we stand ready to compete. And that is certainly we will look for the opportunity, and I'm sure we will find it.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Lisa Ellis at MoffettNathason.
Lisa Ellis: Michael, in the prepared remarks, you highlighted that with Mastercard's real-time ACH strategy, you're sort of in the phase of transitioning from building out infrastructure to focusing more on building applications and services. Just kind of taking a step back, it's always been a big differentiator for Mastercard that you own infrastructure in fast ACH with Vocalink and Nets' Corporate Services. Can you just kind of comment a bit on the movie over the last 6 or 7 years? Like how has that helped differentiate Mastercard in the -- in terms of being able to capture account-to-account network payments, new flows, et cetera?
Michael Miebach: Thanks, Lisa. So real-time payments -- when the rise of real-time payments started 2016, '17 and so forth and we invested into Vocalink, it was clear at the time that we wanted to be in the infrastructure application services. That was a bit of the logic. At the time, we needed the street cred and we needed the talent so we can participate in this trend from day 1. That was the first season of the movie, so to say, to stick with your analogy. Where we are today, we've built out an enviable and unique position in real-time payments, having a footprint in 13 of the top 50 GDP countries where we run and partially operate real-time payment infrastructure. Our strategy was we will be in the markets that matter and we don't win to be in the markets that don't matter. So we feel we've reached that point. And now it's really to drive up scale and use that infrastructure position. The business in itself of running these systems in these markets is attractive enough. As we pointed out, we're going to focus on building out a set of applications and services on top of that. If you recall from the prepared remarks where I talked about the scam -- the anti-scam solution in the U.K. with these non-U.K. banks, it's a fantastic example of how our expertise in these markets has positioned us to rally 9 banks around the table to come up with a market-wide solution. Now not everything that we will do will be market-wide solutions. There will be individual customer solutions, but we feel we have muscle in this space. It's not going to go away. All these government payment systems out there, more and more real-time payment solutions will come up, and I think we will be in demand. And because we've done it for a long time, we'll have a seat at the table.
Operator: We'll move next to Darrin Peller at Wolfe Research.
Darrin Peller: Could we touch on value-added services for a moment? I mean it's been a good tailwind for some time. I think it grew just about 1 point below transactions this time around. And you mentioned strength in cyber and some other categories, offset by -- that were offsetting others. So I'd be curious to get a little more detail as to what were the strengths and weaknesses of value-added services now, including the other. And then more importantly, just how much room do you think you have across those different categories to keep that growth alive and cross-sell well into your meaningful payments business?
Michael Miebach: Right. So let me start, and then Sachin can add a bit around the various dynamics around growth rates and so forth. So as I said in prepared remarks, payments and services complement each other. The strategy is the combination of both and we extend that into new networks. So that's the starting point. We remain convinced that, that is a key reason that all those wins I just talked about earlier are happening, so central to our strategy. Our services in aggregate continue to grow faster than the core. So we continue to diversify our revenue base. We like that. We want to continue to do that. There's a whole range of services to choose from. We could do lots of things. We have pruned our strategy when it comes to processing because we didn't feel that was such a differentiator. But we felt that cybersecurity in a world that is rapidly digitizing is just going to drive the biggest demand, and we're seeing that coming through in the numbers when I look into our C&I business, which grow at a very healthy clip. If you think about our D&S and data analytics business, here, we keep on building out the value chain. It's a vertically integrated value chain we have -- where we have Test & Learn, we have loyalty and you go all the way into personalization that is before, after, during the transaction, helping our customers run a better business. I don't see an end to the demand. In fact, that is key to our segment diversification strategy. So running at a healthy clip. I don't see any moderation here. This is -- will continue to grow. And you should see us continue to build out across the key aspects of services in cybersecurity and data analytics insight. So we love this business, and we'll continue to nourish it.
Sachin Mehra: Darrin, it's Sachin. A couple of additional thoughts. So Michael kind of covered off the strength we continue to see in our value-added services and solutions. And that's indeed the case. But you got to remember that growth rates move around quarter-to-quarter on this area. And so we should all focus on the longer-term trends out here. As it relates specifically to Q2, when you look at growth rates for value-added services and solutions in Q2 of 16%, I assume you're looking at the sequential trend out there. One point to keep in mind is that there was a 1 ppt drop in Q2 on account of acquisitions. So Q1 had the impact of acquisitions. Q2 doesn't have it because it kind of lapped that acquisition period. So that's one piece. And then specifically in my comments, I talked about that the strength in Cyber & Intelligence as well as in some of our Data & Services capabilities was offset by other solutions. And it's really all about what the growth rate trends are for Cyber & Intelligence and Data & Services relative to growth rates and things like real-time ACH, especially on the infrastructure level. So when we talk about other solutions, think about it in the context of things like real-time ACH, which tend to grow at a lower pace there. So historically, what we had spoken about was just services. Now we are talking about value-added services and solutions. When we think about services in the historical context, in Q2, that services growth rate was more like 18%. So just for a reference point beyond that.
Operator: We'll move next to Timothy Chiodo at Credit Suisse.
Timothy Chiodo: I want to dig in a little bit on another business that is important to your -- both your volume and your revenue growth algorithm over the medium term, which will be Mastercard Send. You touched a little bit on some of the cross-border use cases. I believe many of the initial use cases were much more domestic, but it's evolving over time. Maybe you could just dig in a little bit more to some of the cross-border use cases that are really gaining traction.
Michael Miebach: Right. So Timothy, let me start off with that. So our Send business domestic and cross-border together, that's how we look at it. There's a big chunk in there, which is cross-border disbursement remittances, as you rightly said. The way that we go after that is by adding new geographies. I gave you 3 markets that we've added this year, Chile Bahrain and Slovakia. So there is tremendous reach -- unparalleled reach in what we have in our cross-border proposition, 100 countries around the world. Then there's new ways to go after it, and that is the use cases. So earlier when I was talking about gaming payout, some of that is domestic, some of that is international. The whole workers' remittances piece, Al Fardan in Qatar, those are important corridors. We very specifically go after these corridors, Middle East into South Asia and so forth. So it's pretty methodological. But there's another way that -- which I haven't talked about on how to accelerate this business, and this is how we make it easier for customers to onboard with us. So cross-border service express, which is kind of prepackaged solution around cross-border payments is another way for us to accelerate this business. So new geographies, new use cases, corridor-specific, great methodology. I think we have the right kind of assets here across our HomeSend integration, across our Transfast acquisition, the Mastercard proprietary system and our card reach. So all in, this is growing at a very healthy pace, and we like that business a lot. We are experts in cross-border, as you know, on the card side, and we're building that out here -- over here in cross-remittances and disbursements.
Operator: We'll go to our next question from Rayna Kumar at UBS.
Rayna Kumar: Both of you in the past have discussed how B2B remains a large opportunity for Mastercard. Can you talk about what trends you're seeing in B2B payments in this macro environment, how you're progressing against capturing the TAM and if you're seeing any slowdown in corporate spending as companies potentially tighten their budgets?
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Rayna. I'm noticing a lot of questions coming from me means that there isn't a lot of questions in the numbers, which is fantastic. And I love to talk about B2B. Let me take the lens, Rayna, that's a little bit broader here on commercial overall. So I feel like I'm repeating myself here, but we're choosing priorities because they are growing at a healthy clip, so is the story for commercial growing at a healthy clip. So this is -- we're seeing a quarter-over-quarter, year on -- quarter 2 year-over-year growth above the consumer side. There's particular strength in our international markets business. And we've sustained elevated levels of growth when we compare this back to 2019, all the noise of COVID out of it. We have two main focuses in this area. One is commercial point of sale, and the other one is our B2B accounts payable business. Commercial point of sale, now this is a tremendous total market opportunity, massive TAM out there, and it's likely penetrated by cards today. The way we look at this is, this isn't really about building new systems. This is about penetrating with the tools that we have today, targeting SMEs and corporate T&E, purchasing fleet, all of that with our existing capabilities that we have plus our complementary solutions like smart data and easy savings and so forth. So a lot of cash and checks out there, a lot of opportunity with cards that we have today. So we leverage that. We built out a separate vertical in the company. We're focusing hard, and we're seeing the growth rewarding us for that. On the B2B side, this is accounts payable, trusted relationships, this is invoice payments and so forth. This is an even larger TAM with a lot of clear pain points. Companies are looking to automate these processes, digitize these processes, get rid of the paper. And virtual cards is a solution that works tremendously well. We -- as I called it earlier, we are the leaders in virtual cards. But the solution isn't perfect. So we invest a lot of energy through our product teams to make it better and better. What I was saying earlier on Receivables Manager, this is a way to automate the acceptance of virtual card payments, build it into the accounts receivable system, automate it to get the benefits of virtual cards without some of the manual processes that we have to go through over the past year. So this is a real breakthrough. This business is going to be hugely important for us going forward. We called it out in November 2021 at our Strategy Day. It's one of our biggest growth opportunities. We feel we're ahead in the market, and we're seeing the healthy growth. And that will be remaining a focus for us.
Operator: We'll go next to Ashwin Shirvaikar at Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Good quarter guys. Michael, since you said Sachin's not getting enough questions, maybe I'll ask a numbers question.
Michael Miebach: Yes, please.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: So I wanted to figure out sort of the cadence of operating expense. 3Q versus 4Q, it sort of looks like -- it looks like you're kind of exiting the year a little bit higher than the 3Q levels in terms of growth. So what's causing that as well as -- I know your cadence of spending tends to be longer term in nature, but are there product or service call-outs in terms of the types of investments that you're making that's most pertinent now?
Sachin Mehra: So look, what we shared with you is our thoughts around what we think operating expenses look like in the third quarter. And I've given you what the full year numbers -- or what our expectations for the full year numbers are. So I think you can kind of back into what our operating expense growth rate is going to be or is expected to be in the fourth quarter. There's nothing unusual going on from an OpEx standpoint in Q4. Honestly, I would tell you, if you look at it on a year-over-year basis growth rates, when you back into those numbers, you'll see there's nothing really unusual going on there. Broadly speaking, on OpEx, here's what I would say. We continue to remain focused on driving our operating expenses in what matters. It's the strategic priorities. It's making sure we're channeling our capital in the appropriate manner to drive growth both in the short, medium and long term. And that's what we'll continue to do. As you know, we are a people business, to a large extent, because a lot of what we do from a tech development standpoint is around people. A lot of what we do from a sales standpoint is around people. So that's what we invest in. So when you see growth rates in terms of operating expenses, I tend to call out personnel as one of the line items essentially for that reason alone, which is the growth comes from people and people are the ones who actually bring the assets that are there for -- which allow us to deliver that revenue. But really nothing unusual going on from an OpEx standpoint as we exit the year.
Michael Miebach: Yes. So we keep top and bottom line growth in mind. But there is a tremendous opportunity ahead of us right now. So we are using this tailwind that we're currently seeing to continue to invest. You see the list of wins, the growth momentum in B2B, the growth momentum in services. So this is the time to continue to nourish that business and invest, and you will see us do that in a very prudent and disciplined fashion.
Operator: We'll go next to Dan Dolev at Mizuho.
Dan Dolev: Just a quick question on the guidance. Like obviously, results were very strong. You exceeded your second quarter guidance on revenue. Like what was the thought process of not boosting the guidance for the year?
Sachin Mehra: So Dan, a couple of thoughts here. One, again, remember, we shared guidance in terms of ranges, and that's what we've shared out here as well, right? And when you think about ranges, it -- that's what they are in essence. Point number two is some of the beat, which we had in Q2, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, was driven by what we call timing of deal activity. We still expect to be active in the markets. We still expect to vigorously compete in these markets. And so I kind of intentionally mentioned that as timing only because we do expect that as the year progresses, we will continue to be active in the market. So I think you should take that into consideration as well. And then my only other comment I'd make is, in Q1, we had modestly increased our thoughts relative to what we had shared right at the start of the year. So when you bring all of that together, right, that's kind of our thinking behind what we shared from a full year guidance standpoint.
Operator: We'll go next to Bob Napoli at William Blair.
Robert Napoli: On open banking, Mastercard has been pretty aggressive in investing in open banking. But I just like some additional thoughts on maybe on how that's progressing and then how open banking maybe fits into other strategies like embedded finance and Banking as a Service.
Michael Miebach: All right. So open banking, as you know, we specifically called that out as 1 of 2 opportunities in new networks. The trend is here to stay. That's pretty clear. This whole notion of people got to use their data footprint to avail better financial services. There's a lot more regulation coming around that. PSD3 in Europe is coming out. So this train is -- has left the station. That's good. We're on it. The way we look at it is we have to move beyond connectivity. We had a good start. We are well connected here in the U.S. through our Finicity asset and in Europe through our Aiia assets. And we're very busy now building use cases on top of that, and this is where we think the future is going. Initial demand of Finicity was very clearly in lending-oriented use cases and asset verification use cases. That feels that is where the demand is today. To Sachin's earlier point, where do we invest, we invest where we see the demand in the near-term event. So that is where we're optimizing. But you're already starting to see as we're going beyond these lending use cases with our solutions like our Chase Pay by Bank solution here in the U.S. This is using a payment success indicator, which is using open banking data to tell a biller this is a good time when there is balance on an account, please now bill. That is what the payment success indicator does. That is powered by Mastercard's open banking technology. So near-term use case is clear. That's working. Connectivity, we're well positioned with our 2 assets, and we're very busy building out use cases. And obviously, we're excited to see Pay by Bank with Chase launch in the third quarter as we said to you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Togut with Evercore ISI.
David Togut: Cross-border volume growth remains very strong, but on Slide 9, clearly, there's a deceleration from April growth through June, especially in cross-border travel. So my question is for the second half, what growth rate in cross-border volume is embedded in your guidance? And then if you could go a little bit under the hood, what do you see in cross-border travel volumes? Maybe a little more texture on what you're seeing by country in Europe. You gave kind of overall data and some thoughts on China.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, David. So a couple of thoughts first. Let's start at the highest level, which is the value prop of cross-border travel still remains incredibly strong. So we've got a strong value prop. We have a strong presence in the market. As you'll remember, as we were going through COVID, when everybody had stopped traveling, we used that as an opportunity to continue to bolster our position in cross-border. And that's paying dividends right now. The fact that we were building portfolios and winning portfolios at that point in time is helping us actually drive strong growth in cross-border, broadly speaking, but also in travel. Now specifically to your question around trends, I think you're looking at year-over-year growth rates when you are looking at what the cross-border travel trajectory is month-over-month, the declines you were talking about. I'd encourage you to look at the right-hand side of Slide 9, which talks about the numbers indexed to 2019. And there, you could see actually there's an accelerating trend in cross-border travel. So said differently, you can see that in Q1, our cross-border travel as a percentage of 2019 was 148%. In Q2, that was 154%. In the first 3 weeks of July, that's 157%. The reason that's important is because the year-over-year growth rates are getting impacted by tougher comps from last year. And I think that's important to actually keep in mind. In terms of regional color, I would say that regions are performing well. Look, I mean the beauty of what we've got at Mastercard is a diversified business model. It's diversified across multiple dimensions, across payments and services, across products, across channels of sale, across regions. And the fact that we've got this presence -- strong presence across various regions helps us in the cross-border side as well. And really, what we're seeing is good, sustained growth in cross-border, both on travel as well as nontravel, across the globe. We're seeing accelerating trends in Asia Pacific, which we had very much expected and spoken about. That's what you're seeing coming through in the nature of the numbers here. We still think there are pockets of opportunity on a going-forward basis, in particular going into China and coming out of China. Just as a reference point, Michael talked about how cross-border travel inbound into China stood at approximately 50% of 2019 levels in Q2. That just goes to show what the opportunity remaining there is.  Conversely, cross-border travel outbound from China was approximately 70% in Q2. And so that -- both those numbers will give you an indication of where the opportunities lie on a going-forward basis. And as we continue to do what we're doing in terms of winning more portfolios, enriching our proposition, luring services such as our loyalty programs, that just helps us position us well on a going-forward basis. So that's the kind of color I'd like to share with you on this. Broadly speaking, I think we're in a very good place as it relates to cross-border.
Michael Miebach: Maybe one thing to add here that is the current imbalance in the market between demand and supply. So there's still an unlock there as in airline capacity, airport capacity and all of that will unlock. So the combination of the underlying desire to travel, how that trend is coming through our position -- strong position in the travel industry with our portfolios, Expedia and Lufthansa, just to add, too, here, and this unlock of capacity over time will be a very good mix. This is an exciting space. People just want to be out there.
Operator: We'll go next to Dan Perlin at RBC.
Daniel Perlin: I just wanted to maybe dig a little deeper on the commentary around this moderation in inflation and spending, Sachin, that you called out. Particularly, what can you tell us about kind of the downdraft in average tickets during the current quarter? And then maybe more specifically, are you seeing any discernible signs or indications of trade-downs from the consumer that would be high corollaries to slightly weaker consumer spending as opposed to this resiliency that it sounds like you guys are continuing to talk about?
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Dan. So a couple of thoughts. I mean it's no surprise. I think you guys are all seeing that inflation, while still remaining at high levels, has started to moderate, right? So you're seeing that come through in terms of the nature of spend, right? We're a nominal value business. And at the end of the day, right, inflation -- declining inflation quarter-over-quarter will have an impact. So that was important to actually call out. And then I also talked about how there's a moderation in select markets -- international markets. The reality is when you look at markets -- and this is not broad-based, right? There are select markets where -- let's take a market like the U.K. At the end of the day, rising interest rates and high inflation levels, ultimately, will put a squeeze on people's ability to spend. That doesn't mean that the consumer isn't necessarily resilient. The consumer remains resilient on a more holistic basis. But at the margin, right, what you start to see is as, say, for example, mortgages get reset, when mortgages get reset, they're getting reset at high interest rates. What it's doing is it's squeezing the wallet -- or share of wallet, which would be available for other discretionary categories of spend. So you're going to see a little bit of that trend come through, which is what we were kind of calling out. But all of that is factored into our thinking as we think about the rest of the year and in my full year guidance. So that's really, in essence, what we were kind of thinking about. So again, I'll summarize it by saying there's recent reductions in inflation. There's a little bit of moderation in select international markets. And really, we haven't seen this as being broad-based. We haven't seen this as something which is causing concerns for us. It's very much in line with what we've been thinking about from a guidance standpoint. And I'll remind you that at the end of the day, cross-border continues to be strong, back to the question which David just asked. So to kind of bring that all together, right, we feel good about what the strength of the consumer is.
Devin Corr: I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: And we'll take that question from Bryan Keane at Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane: Sachin, just want to ask about FX volatility and how it impacts the model. I know cross-border assessment revenue growth was above volume, so it had a positive yield. I think in your peers -- one of your peers' reports, it was actually negative, and they called out the lack of FX volatility. So just trying to understand how it impacts Mastercard's model.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Bryan. So first, the -- what -- when we talk about FX volatility, you see that in our numbers in transaction processing assessments, not in cross-border assessments. It is tied to the activity about clear and settle, which is why it sits in transaction processing assessments. And what I called out was the higher growth rate in cross-border assessments relative to volume was driven by what we call favorable mix, which is the fact that our inter volumes, which is everything ex intra-Europe, right, are growing at a faster pace than intra-Europe. Inter volumes tend to be high yielding than -- as compared to intra. And that's the reason you had that positive kind of gap between where revenues were on cross-border assessments and where volumes were. And again, the volatility comment I made was tied to transaction processing assessments, which is where it sits.
Devin Corr: Thank you. Michael, any closing comments?
Michael Miebach: All right. Thanks, Devin. The first thing I want to say, you should all know that Warren sits in the other room and is listening to us. So this is the first time soloed by Devin, and we're delighted to -- with this next chapter now. As always, I want to make a comment about all the people at Mastercard who make this happen, the 30,000 of us. I sent them a note earlier today with the results that, this is the value that you guys deliver every day. So I just wanted to share that with you. And with that, thank you for your support, your questions today, and we'll talk to you soon. Take care. Bye-bye.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Again, thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Audra, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mastercard Inc. Q1 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Mr. Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, Audra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2023 earnings call. With me today are Michael Miebach, our Chief Executive Officer; and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer, and Devin Corr, our Incoming Head of Investor Relations and my successor. Following comments from Michael and Sachin, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session, it is only end of queue we’ll open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I would like to remind everyone that today’s call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard’s future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Warren. Good morning, everybody. Another quarter, let's jump right in. The headline is that in quarter one, consumer spending has remained remarkably resilient in that despite continued economic uncertainty. We kicked off the year with strong revenue and earnings growth. Quarter one adjusted net revenues were up 15% and adjusted operating income was up 17%, both versus a year ago, and as always on a non-GAAP currency neutral basis excluding special items.  Focusing on the macro for a moment. Let's take stock of the positive and negative factors we have been monitoring. First, the labor market in aggregate remains strong by savings remain above historical levels and consumers continue to access credit, which all are key drivers of consumer spending.  Second, central banks continue to combat elevated inflation levels with higher interest rates. Although we are seeing signs of inflation, putting additional stresses on the banking sector have emerged. We will continue to monitor how banks respond to these evolving conditions.  And finally, economic growth around the globe continues to vary by country and sector. The reopening of China is a positive catalyst. However, the impact of monetary and fiscal tightening in many countries will likely be with us for some time. So overall, many moving pieces but even so consumer spending levels have remained resilience while the mix of spending has continued to rebalance towards experiences. Looking at our switched volume trends, domestic volume growth has remained relatively stable with some recent moderation in the U.S., in part due to lower tax refunds. Cross-border travel in quarter one reached 148% of 2019 levels with all regions above 2019 levels. This includes notable improvement in Asia cross-border card not-present ex travel continues to hold up well. We will continue to watch the environment closely. And as we have demonstrated in the past, we are prepared to adjust investment levels appropriately while maintaining focus on our key strategic priorities. And as a reminder, these three priorities are expanding and payments, extending our services and embracing new networks.  Now I've been on the road for much of the quarter meeting with customers, partners, government leaders, and of course, our teams. These conversations reinforced the energy we have for our collaborative approach, and show the importance that many plays on digital payments and driving much of today's economic activity. And it's with that in mind that I'll share some examples of how we are progressing against our three strategic priorities.  First, we're expanding in payments by winning deals across a diverse set of customers innovating in and growing acceptance, and expanding solutions to address new payment flows. We see our partnership deepening with a diverse set of co-brand partners, financial institutions and fast growing fintechs around the world. This quarter we had a significant win with Costco Wholesale in Taiwan, the largest co-brand portfolio in the market. The deal is a competitive flip that ensures exclusive co-brand issuance and exclusive acceptance of Mastercard, co-brand cards and stores effectives in August this year.  We also announced our exclusive partnership with Wells Fargo and Choice Hotels, to launch their new credit card program in the United States. In the Middle East, we inked a renewal with National Bank of Egypt, the largest issuer in the country. And on the fintech front, we renewed our deal with N26, one of the largest new banks in Europe, for Mastercard to be the exclusive provider for issuing and processing services.  And in Latin America, we've expanded our relationship with Ualá, one of the fastest growing fintechs in the region, to be the exclusive network of prepaid debit and credit. So we are continuing on our trajectory delivering another solid quarter of new and renewed wins, an important element of our growth algorithm. Beyond new wins, we are driving growth in payments through the development of innovative solutions, like our instalment offerings. In Australia, we're scaling our solutions with some of the largest banks in the market, including Commonwealth Bank of Australia, National Australia Bank and Westpac. Providing the way to pay is central to what we do, so to is making sure people and businesses can use those payment tools whenever they want. Along those lines, we are continuing to drive growth in acceptance, expanding connectivity and trust across all forms of card payments. Our acceptance footprint has now surpassed 100 million locations effectively doubling over the past five years. And that's just the start. Our innovative contactless, cloud commerce and click to pay solutions give more merchants the ability to accept electronic payments with simple technology connectivity. To us that's an opportunity to bring more physical and digital transactions onto our network. Over 100 markets have now reached at least 50% contactless penetration double the number three years ago. Contactless drives higher consumer engagement and helps to accelerate the secular shift to digital payments by accessing lower ticket size purchases that have historically been cash based. In quarter one, our tokenization capability was selected as part of a mobile payments launches in South Korea, and even a significant number of private label cards for contactless and thereby giving us the opportunity to deliver services on those transactions. We continue to see momentum in tap on phone, with programs across more than 70 markets globally. We continue to scale, including the Stripe announced in quarter 1 that they have enabled tap-to-pay on Android in multiple markets. In addition to helping our partners bring tap-on-phone to market, our cloud commerce acceptance technology is now live in Europe. Our cloud commerce capabilities make it easier and tricker for businesses of all sizes to accept payments on virtually any device. And click-to-pay is now live in nearly 30 markets globally, including key markets such as Australia, Brazil, U.K. and U.S. We are partnering with payment service providers like Mexico and Italy to further expand our presence. This is all complemented by our workers' partners to grow acceptance by integrating the payment experience where their customers are. You see that in the social commerce space with what's happened in Brazil, enabling consumers to make purchases directly from small businesses right within a chat. Further, we remain focused on expanding our set of new payment capabilities to capture a prioritized set of new payment flows. I'll highlight a couple of areas we are targeting, starting with commercial. We had a strong growth in the space with volumes across our commercial credit and debit products in quarter 1, up 21% versus the prior year on a local currency basis. We see substantial opportunity to grow in commercial, particularly with our virtual card and small business solutions. With virtual cards where we are the market leader, one of our initiatives is to integrate our solutions with leading B2B technology platforms. This quarter, we signed a partnership agreement with Coupa to enhance their Coupa Pay solution, which embeds virtual cards to address accounts payable flows. On a small business front, today, only a small fraction of payments are captured on card. We are enhancing the value propositions from programs like Easy Savings, which offers automatic merchant-funded rebates to nearly 40 million enrolled cardholders in over 80 countries. And we are growing by establishing new issuance deals through partners like Galileo in the United States, the Mastercard will be the preferred brand for small business and commercial programs. Now beyond commercial, disbursement and remittances flows represent a significant opportunity for growth through geographic expansion, new distribution partners and an expanding set of use cases. In terms of new markets, our gaming use case is now live in Canada and Peru, and we have added cross-border origination to the UAE and Uzbekistan. By connecting with MFS Africa, a leading digital payment company, we have enabled mobile payouts across 10 markets in Africa. We are working with distribution partners like checkout.com to increase reach to even more customers in Asia and the United States. And we're enabling our cross-border services solutions to small and midsized banks through cross-border services express with this simple-to-use digital-first solution, participating financial institutions can offer their customers the ability to send money or pay vendors across the globe quickly and securely. In terms of expanding use cases, we have enabled cash in U.S., in Europe and the U.K., facilitating underbanked customers to safely load cash into their accounts from a nonbank location, which can also help drive follow-on card spend. So as you can see, we continue to make broad-based progress in addressing our prioritized set of new payment flows. Turning now to services. We love services, where we are focused on growth and resiliency through scaling our existing solutions and adding new capabilities. As merchants as consumers shift to digital, our comprehensive set of cybersecurity solutions becomes even more critical. For instance, risk recon helps an enterprise identify their own cybersecurity vulnerabilities as well as for their ecosystem partners. With our acquisition Baffin Bay Networks this quarter, we now have a solution to help these customers act on this information. Specifically, Baffin Bay's AI enabled cloud based threat protection helps to stop cyber attacks related to malware, ransomware, and DDoS attacks. The acquisition also complements our other cyber offerings, including our simulation and assessment tools, as well as our cybersecurity consulting practice.  You all are familiar with our comprehensive set of data analytics, marketing, and loyalty assets. These are about helping our partners make smarter decisions to drive better outcomes. For example, Agoda, one of the world's fastest growing online travel platforms in Asia, is leveraging our economic insights to inform their strategic planning. To meet among such, the largest electronics retailer in Europe, is utilizing our test and learn capabilities to support the assessment and optimization of new business initiatives.  We also continue to make progress signing deals with retailers and commerce partners, like Hyundai Motors, Europe, and Puma, to utilize our recently acquired personalization platforms Dynamic Yield. We continue to look for ways to combine all these assets to deliver valuable end to end solutions. We just announced elements a suite of applications which brings insights for Mastercards data analytics to enrich dynamic yields personalization experience.  Our third key priority area is embracing new networks where we are making progress in the areas of open banking and digital identity. In open banking, we continue to work with a broad set of banks and fintechs who are interested in its potential across a wide range of use cases. In addition to the Pay-by-Bank solution for JP Morgan that we announced last quarter, we are working with payment risk and identification company GIACT, member of the London Exchange to embed a secure account verification solution.  Also, Saxo Bank will use our open banking technology for account opening and top ups in Europe. Further, we're developing capabilities on top of our open banking platform, we have advanced analytics partner with Fintech, innovators like [indiscernible] Nath, enigma and Gen Equity to expand access to capital, with better data for making lending decisions.  This is another great example of how our technology supports small business. Moving next to digital identity. We continue to see strong adoption of our intelligent identity solutions powered by machine learning. This quarter, we secured a key partnership with Southwest to embed our intelligent identity solutions from content to reduce fraud and friction in digital interactions.  Still early stages with open banking and digital identity, but we are making progress scaling our technology to new markets and use cases with notable partners. So with that, I'll wrap it up and in summary, we delivered another strong quarter of revenue and earnings growth, reflecting a resilient consumer and the continued recovery of cross border travel. We will continue to watch the environment closely and are prepared to act as circumstances dictate. We see a significant opportunity ahead having now surpassed 100 million acceptance locations worldwide. And our focus strategy, diversified and resilient business model and strong relationships around the globe position as well through economic cycles.  Sachin over to you.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Michael. Turning to Page three, which shows our financial performance for the quarter on a currency neutral basis, excluding special items, and the impact of gains and losses on equity investments. Net revenue was up 15%, reflecting resilient consumer spending and the continued recovery of cross border travel. Operating expenses increased 12%, including a 2 ppt increase on acquisitions.  Operating income was up 17% which includes a 1 ppt decrease related to acquisitions. Net income was up 2%, which includes the 1 ppt decrease in two acquisitions, EPS was up 4% year over year to $2.80, which includes a $0.07 contribution from share repurchases. Of note, the respective growth rates of net income and EPS were negatively impacted by a low tax rate in 2022 as a result of sizeable discrete tax benefits last year. During the quarter we repurchase 2.9 billion worth of stock, and an additional 602 million through April 24 2023. So now let's turn to Page four, where you can see the operational metrics for the first quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV increased by 15% year over year on a local currency basis.  On the same basis, if you exclude Russia from the prior period, GDV increased by 16%. In the U.S., GDV increased by 9%, with credit growth of 15% reflecting in part the recovery of spending on travel. Debit increased 3%, excluding the impact of the roll off of a previously discussed customer agreement, debit increased approximately 6%. Outside of the U.S. volume increased 18% with credit growth of 17% and debit growth of 19%.  Cross border volume was up 35% globally for the quarter on a local currency basis, reflecting continued improvement in travel related cross border spending.  Turning to Page five, Switched transactions grew 12% year over year in Q1. Excluding Russia from the prior year, the switched transactions grew 20% year over year in Q1. Both card present and card not present growth rates remain strong. Card present growth was aided in part by increases in contactless penetration, as contactless now represents over 58% of all in person switched purchase transaction. In addition, card growth was 9%, globally there are 3.2 billion MasterCard and Maestro branded cards issued. Turning so Slide six, for a look into our net revenues for the first quarter, which were above our expectations. As a reminder, we recently revised that disaggregated revenue disclosure. Net revenues are now broken down into two new categories, payment network and value added services and solutions.  Now getting into the numbers described on a currency neutral basis. Payment network net revenue increased 10%, which would have been 1 ppt higher if we excluded the Russia related special item which benefitted Q1 2022. The growth in payment network was primarily driven by domestic and cross border transaction and volume growth and also includes growth in rebates and incentives.  Value added services and solutions net revenue increased 21%, including a 1 ppt benefit from acquisitions. The growth was primarily driven by the continued strong growth of our cyber and intelligence solutions driven by underlying driver growth, higher demand for our fraud solutions, as well as the scaling of our identity and authentication solutions. And we saw healthy demand for our data analytics, consulting and marketing services, as well as our loyalty solutions.  Now let's turn to Page seven, starting with key metrics related to payment network, again, described on a currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. Looking quickly at each key metric. Domestic assessments were up 9%, while worldwide GDV grew 15%. The difference is primarily driven by mix and the underreporting of volumes from sanctioned customers in Russia last year, which accounted for approximately 2 ppt of the variance. Cross-border assessments increased 39%, while cross-border volumes increased 35%. The both PPT difference is primarily due to favourable mix as higher-yielding ex intra-Europe cross-border volumes grew faster than intra-Europe cross-border volumes this quarter.  Transaction processing assessments were up 14%, while switch transactions grew 12%. The 2 ppt difference is primarily due to FX-related revenues. Other network assessments related to licensing, implementation and other franchise fees were $212 million this quarter. It's important to note that these other network assessments may fluctuate from period to period. Moving now to Page eight. You can see that on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, excluding special items, total adjusted operating expenses increased 12%, including a 2 ppt impact from acquisitions. Excluding acquisitions, the remaining increase was primarily due to increased spending on personnel to support the continued execution of our strategic initiatives.  Operating expenses were higher than expected in part due to personnel costs to support higher-than-expected revenue as well as unfavourable foreign exchange related due to the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities. Turning to Page nine. Let's discuss the operating metrics for the first three weeks of April. As a general comment, our metrics are holding up well in April. As expected, the year-over-year growth rates are being impacted by 2 opposing factors: one, more difficult comps as we began lapping the effects of Omicron; and two, the lapping of the drag created by the suspension of our operations in Russia in March of last year. To aid in your understanding of the underlying spending trends and eliminate some of the noise induced by the lapping effects, we have also included the metric Index 2019 levels on the slide. Let's discuss each of the metrics in turn.  Starting with switched volumes. Through the first three weeks ago, we grew 17% year-over-year, down 1 ppt versus Q1. This reflects more difficult comps and some modest slowing in the U.S. due to lower tax refunds. This started in March and continued into April. This is partially offset by a 3 ppt benefit from the lapping of Russia. Switch transactions grew 18% year-over-year through the first 3 weeks of April, up 6 ppt versus Q1. This includes an 8 ppt benefit from the lapping of the suspension of operations in Russia. As a reminder, Russia had a relatively low average ticket size, which results in a larger relative impact to this metric. In terms of cross-border, volumes grew 29% on a year-over-year basis, down 6 ppt from Q1. This reflects the continued recovery in cross-border travel as well as the positive impact of lapping the suspension of our Russian operations, but is more than offset by a tougher year ago comp as travel surged after the passage of Omicron last year. Cross-border volume is indexing at 171% of 2019 levels in April, up from 168% in Q1. To further assist your understanding of the trends in the business ex Russia, where we suspended operations in March 2022, we have included an appendix to show all data points from the schedule if you exclude activity from Russian issued cards from current and prior periods. Turning to Page 10. I wanted to share our thoughts on the remainder of the year. Let me start by saying that our business fundamentals remain strong, and our diversified business model and our momentum with our customers position us well for the opportunities ahead. Consumer spending overall remains healthy, albeit with some recent moderation in domestic spending in the U.S., in part due to lower tax refunds this year. At the same time, as Michael noted, the recovery in cross-border travel continues with inbound travel to all regions now well above 2019 levels. Within Asia, in Q1, China outbound cross-border travel increased to approximately 65% of Q1 2019 levels, while inbound reached 45% on the same basis. As a reminder, China made up 2% of outbound and 1% of inbound cross-border travel in 2019. We remain well positioned to capitalize on this growth with our travel-oriented portfolios and related service offerings. While we are monitoring a number of macro and geopolitical factors, our base case scenario assumes consumer spending remains resilient and cross-border travel continues to recover. For the year, our outlook has improved modestly, reflecting our stronger-than-expected performance in Q1. We expect net revenue growth for the full year 2023 to be at a low teens rate on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. This growth rate would be higher by approximately 1.5 ppt if you exclude Russia-related revenues from 2022. Foreign exchange is expected to be a tailwind of 1 ppt for the year, and we expect minimal impact from acquisitions. Our expectations for operating expense for the year are unchanged with growth expected to be at the high end of a high single-digit rate on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. Acquisitions are forecasted to add about 1 ppt to this growth, while foreign exchange is expected to have a minimal impact for the year. Again, we are prepared to proactively adjust our operating expenses if we see meaningful changes to top line growth. With respect to the second quarter, year-over-year net revenue is expected to grow at the high end of a low double-digit rate again on a continual basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. Coming off of a strong Q1, this sequentially reflects a tougher year ago comp, lower anticipated FX volatility, partially offset by lapping the suspension of operations in Russia. Foreign exchange and acquisitions are not expected to have much of an impact for the quarter. From an operating expense standpoint, we expect Q2 growth to be at the high end of a low double-digit rate versus a year ago on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. This includes cost of approximately 2 ppt associated with the wind down of our efforts related to the P27 project, given their decision to withdraw their license application in the Nordics. Acquisitions are forecast to add approximately 0 to 1 ppt to this growth, while foreign exchange is expected to be a tailwind of approximately 0 to 1 ppt. Other items to keep in mind, first, on the other income and expense line, we forecast an expense of approximately $100 million for Q2 given the prevailing interest rates and debt levels, which includes a sequential increase due to our recent debt issuance. This excludes gains and losses on our equity investments, which are excluded from our non-GAAP metrics. Second, we expect a non-GAAP tax rate of between 18.5% and 19% for both Q2 and the full year based on the current geographic mix of our business. Before I turn the call back over to Warren to begin the Q&A session, I wanted to express my deep gratitude to Warren for the thought leadership, dedication and friendship he has demonstrated over his last 6-plus years at Mastercard. As previously announced, Warren will be handing over the head of IR role to Devon Core effective May 1, and will be with us through your end in an advisory capacity. Thank you, Warren and over to you for the Q&A session.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, Sachin. I have to say it's been a distinct pleasure. With that, let's turn it over to questions. Audra, we're ready to go. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Lisa Ellis at MoffettNathanson.
Lisa Ellis: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. And Warren, you will be missed, of course. I just had a question about Fed Now coming in July. Of course, VocaLink has been involved in the clearinghouses RTP network. Can you just kind of give your perspective on how you expect the rollout of Fed Now to affect Mastercard's business in the U.S. positively or potential pressures? Thank you.
Michael Miebach: Good morning, Lisa, thanks for your question. I thank you for missing, Warren. So on Fed Now, important development, of course, we've been watching closely. As you know, for years, we've been involved in real-time payments. So it's been our learning over the years that it's really critical that there is a proposition for merchants, there's a position for consumers for really for these systems to grow.  On the merchant side, criticality is reach. And for the consumers, it's got to be a proposition that's an easy experience and it's got consumer protection in it. So those are all aspects that the card systems have demonstrated over years, and we'll have to see where these P2P systems go with that. Fundamentally, we appreciate competition. It makes us a better company as we try to make our proposition even better. Now on FedNow very specifically here, a technical go-live is different from being available for consumers and merchants, as I've just discussed, and we have to see where that goes and what the features will be, what is the user experience, what are any kind of protections that would be in there for consumers and so forth. We will continue to seek ways to partner with B2B systems and the same applies here in the United States. For the flows that this might target, which are currently flows on account-to-account, you will recall the announcement that we've made in the last quarter with Chase on pay-by-account. So those are alternative solutions that would be in the market to capture some of these new flows. So opportunity threats, we'll have to see how it plays out. I think we're well positioned.
Lisa Ellis: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Tien-Tsin Huang at JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang: And my thanks to Warren as well. I forgot that may first crept up on this. I want to ask a macro question because Michael, I think you asked for more questions last quarter. So I'll ask you one on generative AI, if that's all right. And given that you guys have -- yes, so I know you have a data analytics and consulting business within your PAS. And so just curious, how are you thinking about generative AI and Chat GPT gets a lot of attention. So your thoughts on impact on PAS maybe on the broader business as well.
Michael Miebach: Correct. Thank you, Tien-Tsin. This is certainly a topic you got a lot of attention, particularly since the latest model of Chat GPT was out there. Bath gets attention every day, there's a whole set of headlines. I've been using AI for the better part of the last decade. So it's embedded in a whole range of our products. Just now, I talked in my prepared remarks about Bath & Bay Networks. Would you will all be surprised is actually not in Canada, but in Sweden, the company, they're using AI-enabled threat protection solutions. So you'll find it embedded in a range of our products, including generative AI. So we have used generative AI technology, particularly in creating data sets that allow us to compare and find threats in the cybersecurity space. You will find AI in our personalization products. So there's a whole range of things that we set us apart. We use this as foundational technology. And internally, you can see increasingly so, that generative AI might be a good solution for us when it comes to customer service propositions and so forth. So we're actively engaged on that. Fundamentally, though, I think we all have to be aware that the application of AI needs to be done in a principled way. We approach data privacy in a principal way. We approach crypto space in a principled way and the same thing applies here. So trustworthy the AI is clearly the focus.  We've encouraged our employees to experiment with the technology but we set very clear guardrails and don't do it in production. But it's something that we cannot afford to ignore, we will not. We will lean in, but make sure that we are a trusted party when it comes to scaling it up.
Operator: We'll go next to Darrin Peller at Wolfe Research.
Darrin Peller: Thanks, guys. Maybe you could just give a quick update on business activity. Obviously, incentives and rebates, it's not reported the same way, but I know we have a pickup in the year. And so going back '15 and '16 -- 2015 and '16 when you had big incentive rebates here, it tended to be followed by an acceleration in volume and revenue growth in the years after. So maybe just give us a sense of what's driving the increase this year? What's -- what kind of activity levels you're seeing now? And if we can expect a similar follow-through of the years to go?
Michael Miebach: Right. Darrin, let me start on that. We see a very encouraging activity. In fact, we -- it was tough to make choices here, what not to tell you in the 15-minute overview that I gave you. So solid activity in deal wins. And you recall some of the bigger deals that we have announced in 2021 and 2022, which are behind some of the share gains that we're seeing, particularly if you look at the Europe numbers. So that is having some impact on how the R&I plays out. But I'll defer to Sachin to say a little bit more, but overall, the activity is very healthy.
Sachin Mehra: Darrin, good morning. Look, it's like Michael said, right? I mean, we compete every day in the market. We are being successful in what we're doing in terms of winning new business and retaining existing business. That's very much the mantra on the table, we've adopted as a company. That's a very important part of the growth algorithm, which we have laid out for ourselves to drive growth for us. Because at the end of the day, we believe very firmly that being in the flow is important, picks you get the benefit of PC, you get the benefit of secular shift, but you also get to deliver additional services by being in the flow. And so really, what we are trying to do is we're trying to win profitable market share and, at the same time, drive an accretion in our overall net revenue yield, which is really about taking it together in the composite because payments and services and our new networks are very tightly integrated together. They -- one relies on the other, and we have to look at this from an overall net revenue yield base. So that's really what's going on. To your specific question about rebates and incentives, Look, I mean, we've always kind of shared with you rebates and incentives and be sharing with you what the rebates and incentives on our payment network are even now. The reality is, as and when deals come up, we will compete for them. We will do that in a smart manner. For Q2, I can tell you that rebates and incentives as a percentage of total payment network assessments, it would be roughly similar to what we had in Q1. So based on everything we can see from a line of sight standpoint in terms of deals and activity and so on and so forth, that's what I can share with you at this point in time.
Operator: We'll go next to Rayna Kumar at UBS.
Rayna Kumar: Congratulations, Warren and Devon. I want ask about Europe. You saw a 31% volume gain in the quarter, that's outstanding. Can you talk a little bit about some of the market dynamics you're seeing in that region and whether your growth is more reflective of market share gains or just strength in the overall shift to electronic payments?
Michael Miebach: Rayna, I think almost partially answered your question just now. So deal activity is strong. But here -- to the second half of your question there, through the last three years, you saw some European markets, some large European markets that have been historically less digitized and more cash focused to really catch up. The stats I gave earlier on contactless penetration that includes a good number of European markets jumping ahead in the ranking. So strong secular shift. That's an opportunity. You start to see some of the payment service providers driving more acceptance into more parts of the economy. And that's also reflected in some of the acceptance growth that we talked about $100 million. A good chunk of that is coming from Europe. So it's a mix of the share wins that we have seen very specifically in the U.K. and the secular shift. So we feel very well positioned in Europe.
Operator: And we'll move next to Bryan Keane at Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane: Hi, good morning. Just want to ask about cross-border volume. I know it was up at 29% for the month of April -- or through April 21. Just thinking about how that might grow throughout the year. Is that the right number to think about for our models? And just thinking about the Asia recovery what’s left there. Obviously, we talked about China and just thinking about that business as we progress through the year.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Bryan. Look, just what I would tell you, I'd say the things to keep in mind when you're putting your model together, and this will be no surprise to you is we did see an opening up of economies last year coming out of COVID. And as we mentioned, in Q1, we were in the base of Omicron, you're starting to see that recovery kind of take place. And so what you should expect is there are going to be lapping-related issues, which will be a headwind to year-over-year growth rate on all metrics and in cross-border as well. Now offsetting that, to some extent, would be the recovery from Asia Pacific, which is something we saw happen towards the tail end of last year coming into this year. There are puts and takes. I'm not going to give you a specific forecast as to what that growth rate should look like from our model assumption standpoint. But I think there are these important puts and takes which you've got to kind of keep into consideration as you think about cross-border. The most important thing, I think, is that the value prop we deliver through our cross-border proposition is still fundamentally very sound. This is really important. As you remember, over the last 2 or 3 years, it was being questioned as to whether cross-border was something which was going to remain challenged over the long term. The reality is it has come back. It has come back strong.  We have positioned ourselves really well through the pandemic period. to be winning good portfolios to be able to ride the way back up, and you're seeing the results of that come through with some really strong cross-border performance in Q1 with 35% year-over-year growth. And so the reality is that cross-border proposition remains good. Just as a matter of reference, if you look at our cross-border volumes for Q1 at 168% of 2019, and you can do this math as well. The reality is that reflects approximately a 14% compound annual growth rate over the window from prior to the pandemic to where we are in Q1. And so you've pretty much bought up the last time as part of that process, if you go back to what historical rates in cross-border work. So I kind of wanted to share that with you in terms of how we see cross-border going forward.
Operator: We'll move next to Sanjay Sakhrani at KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks, good morning. I guess, I know you're not changing your views on the macro for the rest of the year, but you're monitoring the situation. Maybe you could just give us a little bit more color if we parse underneath the covers. Just what gives you the confidence things are stable despite the slowing in April -- March and April? And then sort of the forward look on the spending trends in cross-border?
Sachin Mehra: Yes. Sanjay. Look, I mean, at the end of the day, what we see is what you see from a consumer standpoint. And we have our best estimates as to what we kind of think that looks like on a go-forward basis. Like Michael said, there are positive and negative factors. The health of the consumer remains strong, backed by record low unemployment rates, and that gives us a level of confidence. On the flip side, you've got the headwinds which come along with higher interest rates, more recently the banking crisis, which we're all going through. And we have no idea as to what the implications of the banking crisis are going to look like on a go-forward basis. So our views in terms of the strength of the consumer remains pretty much unchanged. There are puts and takes by region. And based on the fact that at this point in time, there's no real evidence to see that the consumer is not showing good strength from a spend standpoint. They're in good shape. The year-over-year growth rates, like I mentioned earlier, are going to change. You're going to see the lapping effect of that come through because of the recovery last year. That's got less to do with what spend levels this year are as compared to anything else. And it's on the base of that, that we have modestly increased our full year guide on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions, to reflect the fact that we had a stronger Q1. And we feel like overall, from a consumer health standpoint, our assumptions are relatively unchanged between what it was one quarter ago towards where we are right now.
Michael Miebach: One thing to add here, I'm just looking at my phone here, can you imagine in the conference call, but it was the reporting of the quarter 1 GDV numbers. And if you look into that, there is -- the consumer does stand out positively. So the resilience even in that number is reflected. I think -- the point on that I mentioned earlier on the impact of stresses on the banking sector. That's another one that we did talk about. And here, if you think about what does this mean in terms of potentially additional regulation, what it means in terms of credit appetite for banks and self-host. Those are all not near-term effects that we're -- we can judge at this point in time.  So some of the outlook that we are taking here is a near-term outlook for the year, and we'll have to see how things develop over time. Again, flexibility and agility is critical. And so we feel ready for all of that.
Operator: We'll move next to Harshita Rawat at Bernstein.
Harshita Rawat: Hi, good morning. I have question on value-added services. Can you unpack the competitor set for these different services, cyber intelligence, data services, other and kind of highlight Mastercard's opportunity to increase penetration of these services within existing client base and also continue to get new clients? And just as a follow-up, Sachin, if you can also remind us of the profitability of value-added services versus your business and network business is that a good? Thank you.
Michael Miebach: Harshita, let me start on this. So first on the competitive landscape. As Sachin was saying earlier, our services strategy is closely tied in with our payment strategy. So we're not your average service competitor as in a cybersecurity company that competes with a bunch of other cybersecurity companies. We are somewhere in the middle between bolts and being in the flow gives us additional data points that makes us a fairly unique competitive landscape for us, which is why we like the combination of both.  But it's very specifically on cybersecurity. You have a whole set of specialty players Bath & Bay was a specialty player and yet, we're dealing in threat protection. As we were ourselves with Risk Recon before, it's just a slightly different angle of that. So we are very aware of the wide competitive landscape here, but our position, I think, sets us apart. Now there's other potential comes closer to the payment space. So looking at services as well. So we're trying to keep our services set differentiated and ahead of the curve. It's the same thing for data and services. Yet again, a lot of data and SaaS companies that are building their businesses.  But on the other hand, we have a captive set of customers today, and we have a captive set of transactions of these customers that these companies want to understand and where do they come to an integrated provider that helps them with both. So that's, again, a unique position for us. To look at, I think dynamic yield and how we're combining that with our data set, as I referred to my earlier remarks, I think it's an excellent example of that. So that's the competitive landscape that we're looking at. It's a fast-moving one. So we have -- we will continue to have that in focus.
Sachin Mehra: Harshita, I'll just add a couple of thoughts to what Michael said, I'll get to your question around how the financials play out for -- what we on the services side. So a couple of things. One, just even adding to what Michael said, structurally, if you think about how the world is going more digital and as the world goes more digital, there is going to be likely increasing fraud-related issues which come on increasingly digital world. There are structural tailwinds, which we feel good about. And so long as we can continue to grow our portfolio to ride those structural tailwinds is another piece which helps us think that there is good runway on services.  The second piece, which Michael said, which was around data and the power of data is one of the ingredients which makes us successful across both C&I and D&S. But then there are others, which is do you have the technology? Do you have the AI capabilities? And can you seamlessly deliver this to your customers so that there isn't big implementation challenges? All of which when you think about our network play, allow us to do that in a very efficient manner, which is what's been helping us drive the kind of growth we've seen. On your question on the financials, I will tell you that, I mean, there's a range of, what I would call, incremental costs, which come depending on the nature of the service we deliver. So things which are more, I would say, attached to the payment network, such as some of our cyber and intelligence solutions, some of our data solutions, they tend to come with lower incremental cost. There are others such as our consulting capabilities, such as our service capabilities, they come with a little bit higher in the nature of incremental cost. And so the overall mix is really important because they all kind of hang together. It's important for us to provide those consulting services and marketing services in order to be able to be a full service provider to our customers. And that's only speaking about services. Now when you take that and you kind of tie that back to how it helps us win market share and payments. That's the other piece which is super important as part of this because the economics need to be thought about in the composite as opposed to each one of these services individually.
Operator: We'll go next to David Togut at Evercore ISI.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning. Last summer, London Heathrow Airport put some severe capacity limits on airlines. Those limits came off a while back, but I'm curious whether you're getting any indication on advanced cross-border summer travel as things opened up a bit more at Heathrow and how can we think about the impact on cross-border revenue for the rest of this year?
Sachin Mehra: Sure, David. What I'd say, I'd say you hear what we hear as it relates to what the airlines plans are from a capacity release standpoint. And the reality is, I think everybody is trying to kind of find that right balance between bringing on more capacity and what the implications for the price proceed is as part of that process. And so we feel generally good about the prospects of travel. I mean the reality is there's a trend from the convert towards more spending on experiences. Experience tends to be travel and entertainment-related stuff. And so generally speaking, that trend is going in the right direction. As more capacity comes on, which we expect will happen, right, you will tend to see the benefit of that come through in our cross-border travel metrics. Again, I would remind you, strong value prop, year-over-year lapping issues which are there from a year-over rate as a standpoint. And then the third piece is we have the potential for recovery in Asia Pacific. And I wanted to kind of bring that whole thing into the picture beyond the capacity question you asked.
Michael Miebach: So hard to predict, but the fact is capacity isn't fully back. So that's one important aspect when we gave you the outlook later on.
David Togut: Understood. And just as a quick follow-up on Europe. Just your updated thoughts on the rollout of ACH payments in Europe under open banking would be appreciated.
Michael Miebach: Right, David. So let me take a look at that. Conversations in Europe have been going on for years on ACH systems. As you know, when the U.K. was part of the EU, I don't even know if it's Europe right now or not, but we invested in Vocalink. So we have a counter account systems in Europe for a long time. We're having some stakes in other P2P systems on the continent and so forth.  The most late -- the most recent development here is the announcement around the European payment initiative, which is yet another effort in account to account. Europe is the land of domestic systems and domestic payment solutions. It's a very versatile competitive landscape, and there is more coming. We have found ways to partner. We have found ways to compete. And in the case of EPI, we are partnering with the owner banks to push our solutions.  At the same time, we'll have to see where EPI goes, and then we stand ready to engage one way or another depending on their willingness. As you can see, Europe has been a source of share growth for us and revenue growth. So we know how to play this environment.
Operator: We'll go next to Ramsey El-Assal at Barclays.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. And best of luck to Warren in his future endeavours. My question is for Sachin. I wanted to ask -- you called out tax refunds a couple of times just weighing on U.S. volumes sort of more recently. Should we think about that as normalizing into Q2? Does it flip to more of a tailwind? And then I guess, secondarily, how do you see the spread, which is pretty wide between U.S. and worldwide metrics trending this year, ex Russia? Will it stay pretty wide? Will it tighten as maybe tax refunds normalize? How are you looking at it?
Sachin Mehra: Yes. Look, I mean, the data we look at for what we're seeing from a tax refund standpoint is what we see on the IRS website, right? And so you can take that for what it's worth because that's the insight we've kind of garnered. What we've seen is that the tax refunds tend to happen mostly in this window around, call it, March and going into April. So we view this impact of the lower tax refund to be relatively transitory. And I say that only because as the year progresses, if there were lower tax refunds, the implications of that would be minimal just because the vast majority of the refunds happen around the period we're talking about right now. So that's why we use them as being transitory. The other thing to keep in mind is on account of some of the natural which have taken place, there are some states in the U.S., which have -- where from a federal tax standpoint, they've been given more latitude in terms of what the tax filing date is. And so that's the other thing to keep in mind in terms of what the potential might be for a catch-up on some of these lower tax free funds. Again, very hard to predict, but I want to kind of bring those 2 pieces out there. On your second question on U.S. versus rest of world trends. At the highest level, I'd tell you, I feel pretty good about what we are seeing on our overall operating metrics. I mean these are pretty compelling operating metrics from a growth rate standpoint. You've got 15% credit growth taking place in the U.S., is being driven in a large part by just consumers' desire to get back to experiences. Our portfolios, our co-branded portfolios, our travel portfolio are performing very well.  And again, if you kind of were to think about the go forward, the reality comes back to the broader questions we were talking about how do we feel about drivers from a domestic spend standpoint and the cross-border spend standpoint, all of that will manifest itself in terms of what U.S. volumes look like going forward. On the rest of the world side, obviously, we've got some really good metrics there as well, both across debit and credit. And you're seeing the impact of some of our market share wins in those metrics. As the year progresses, you're going to start to see the impact of that market share on some of the players start to tail off just because you'll be reaching the lapping stage on that. So you need to keep that in mind. That should help you kind of model out as to how the gap between the U.S. and the rest of the world plays out as we progress through the year.
Ramsey El-Assal: Super helpful. Thanks. 
Operator: We'll go next to Andrew Jeffrey at Truist Securities.
Andrew Jeffrey: Hi, good morning. Appreciate taking the questions. Michael, I'd like to ask you about the India opportunity and specifically the potential inclusion or inclusion of Mastercard credit products and UPI. I just wonder if you could frame that up so much talk about rest of world growth in cash-based economies and especially those in which perhaps account-funded wallets have moved to the 4. Can you just dimensionalize or give us an update on your India positioning?
Michael Miebach: Right. So India is a hugely important market for us. We have a large number of our employees based in India, serving the Indian market as well as other markets in Asia, deep engagements with customers there. It's interesting when you look at the market from where it has gone under the lead of India's government, they've built a tremendous digital economy. So the India tech stack has really opened up the digital economy at a much, much different scale than before, and we like that. That gives you opportunities for us to engage with our customers to many more Indian citizens. So we generally see that opportunity. It's also true, though, that today, every day solution around debit and credit matter. And we have -- now we reached -- we're back to pre-embargo growth on the issuing side with our customers in India. So that is looking very, very positive. We're back in the market there.  So we're playing both of that. It's a market where we'll see more innovation coming from us of the folks that are based there. So there isn't a financial inclusion opportunity. There's an everyday opportunity in credit and debit and it's not the most populous country in the world. So it's going to be the theatre of the future, and we're excited to be involved there. Where is all the engagement going with the India tech stack? What does it mean for our cards? And how will cards be linked into UPI and so forth? The details have yet to be seen, but we're active in those conversations. And in the end, when we have an opportunity to partner, then we will try to do that.
Andrew Jeffrey: I look forward to tracking that. Thanks.
Michael Miebach: I think we have time for one more caller. 
Operator: And we'll take that from Jason Kupferberg at Bank of America.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks, guys. Maybe just building on that last question a little bit. You just talked about India to some extent. But which emerging geographies are you most excited about over, say, the next five years or so just in terms of the general cash-to-card opportunity? 
Michael Miebach: Right, Jason. So here, the opportunity, I wouldn't really point to a particular geography. I think generally, the set of countries that have a lower digitization rate is a tremendous opportunity for us. We have learned how to drive digitization. Just look at Latin America, you take like a country like Mexico, a tremendous opportunity in terms of driving digitization up. And part of that we have seen in Brazil. So you can start to make those comparisons and you add that up across the wood that is a tremendous opportunity. In terms of large-scale country opportunities, we just talked about India and certainly not in the category of emerging markets, but China is a market that we are very engaged on today in the cross-border business, and you do know that we have a license application out there to participate in the domestic market and we stand ready to invest forward with the Chinese consumers and businesses. So we'll see where that one goes.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thanks, Michael. Any final comments?
Michael Miebach: I do have final comments. So I've made it a habit to thank the 30,000 people at Mastercard for what they did, what they all do. And I shall do that again for this quarter. I thought it was a good quarter, and it is reflective of their work. But I do want to thank you as well, Warren. So it's been fun three years for me and previously with Ajay. So thank you for everything that you did. I know we all talk about you. I do want to talk about Devon as well. So if you could picture us here in this room, here's Devon, and we're looking forward Sachin and I to work with you. And I do want to say, Warren has -- you have built a tremendous set of relationships with the folks on the call. And I look to those folks on the call, first of all, thanking you guys for your support, but also to give Devon, the same kind of support that you have in the past. With that, thank you very much and speak to you one quarter from now.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Again, thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Audra, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mastercard Inc. Q4 and Full Year 2022 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, Audra. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. With me today are Michael Miebach, our Chief Executive Officer; and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Michael and Sachin, we’ll open up the call for the Q&A session. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I would like to remind everyone that today’s call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard’s future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Michael Miebach.
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Warren. Good morning, everyone. Let’s get right into it. So, starting with the big picture. Consumer spending has remained resilient, and we are very well positioned to capitalize on the growth opportunities ahead. We closed out the year with strong financial results and several notable wins. Quarter four net revenues were up 17% and adjusted operating income up 19%, both versus a year ago, as always, on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, excluding special items. While the macroeconomic and geopolitical environment remains uncertain, we are keeping a close eye on a variety of positive and negative factors. The broadly resilient labor market with low unemployment and rising wages, coupled with elevated consumer savings levels, are key drivers of consumer spending. We’re also tracking efforts by the central banks to curb inflation, along with moderating energy prices and the reopening of China. So, still lots of moving pieces. From an overall consumer spending standpoint, we expect the consumer to be relatively resilient. Spending patterns have largely normalized relative to the effects of the pandemic with the notable exception of China. In terms of switched volumes, domestic volumes in the fourth quarter remained steady relative to 2019 levels with some slight moderation in the U.S. related to lower gas prices recently. Cross-border travel continued to recover in quarter four with inbound travel either flat or up in every region sequentially relative to 2019 levels. As of the first three weeks of January, inbound cross-border travel to all regions is now above 2019 levels. We will continue to monitor the economic environment closely, and should the outlook change, we’re prepared to move quickly to adjust our spending levels as we have done in the past. In the meantime, we continue to focus on the things we can control. This starts with our three strategic priorities: expanding in payments; extending our services; and embracing new networks. And here are some examples of how we’re progressing against each of these. Starting with payments. We won substantial new business this quarter. Our innovative products, differentiated services and partnership approach enabled us to secure major portfolio flips, extend relationships and launch new programs with banks, co-brand partners and transit systems around the world. I am very excited about our expanded partnership with Citizens to become their exclusive payments provider across all product portfolios in the United States. We will shift their debit portfolio to Mastercard, and we will maintain exclusivity on credit and commercial. Citizens selected Mastercard based on our digital assets, open banking capabilities and safety and security tools. We have also extended and enhanced our long-term partnership with Citi. It solidifies Mastercard as Citi’s exclusive global partner for Citi-branded consumer credit, debit and small business cards. We look forward to continuing to partner to deliver digital initiatives, new technologies and innovative payment solutions together. We’ve extended our longstanding relationship with Bank of America across their consumer and small business debit and credit lines of business. They’re great partners. We’re especially proud to continue as the lead brand for all newly issued small business cards. And our positive momentum with Chase continued this quarter as well. Building up on our recent co-brand, commercial and Pay-by-Bank partnership announcements, we are excited to announce that we have renewed the Chase Freedom Flex portfolio. Turning to the UK, we recently extended our credit deal with NatWest Group for consumer and commercial. We’re partnering with Belbim, [ph] Istanbul transportation to convert over 17 million closed-loop cards, Mastercards and add 24,000 new acceptance locations across the city. We’ve partnered with QNB Finansbank and Trendyol, a large e-commerce marketplace in Turkey, over 30 million customers to launch a new Mastercard co-brand credit product. Now, an important driver of our success in core payments is our ability to deliver innovation and thought leadership. We are designing and deploying innovation solutions at scale, as a result, are the clear partner of choice for our customers. Three recent examples include our work in Installments, Tokenization and Click to Pay. Starting off with installments. SoFi launched Pay in 4, becoming the first bank in the U.S. to launch within the Mastercard Installments program. SoFi valued the broad acceptance, strong consumer protections and commission-based open banking capabilities that all make Mastercard Installments unique. We’ve got a strong pipeline for Mastercard Installments and plan to add several additional programs across multiple regions throughout the year. Turning to Tokenization. We surpassed 2 billion tokenized transactions per month and for the year, we are up 38%. We’re currently enabling digital transactions in over 110 countries. Tokenization helps keep the ecosystem safe and secure across a wide range of use cases. One example that I think is particularly cool is the work we are doing with in-car payments. We’re working with car manufacturers and fintechs to integrate payments using our tokenization platform and biometric authentication capabilities. Think about the simplicity it brings to paying for gas, tolls, charging or entertainment right from your car. This is a great example of Mastercard working with partners to drive the convergence of the Internet of Things, 5G and addressing consumer demand for cool digital experiences. It also highlights how we’re expanding the reach and the value of our acceptance network through new channels to support new use cases. This is just the beginning. Watch for more to come in the space. And on Click to Pay, we partnered with Adyen to launch Click to Pay on their global payment platform, recognizing the value that it brings to guest checkouts and millions of online shoppers. Adyen joins more than 20 other payment service providers around the world, bringing Click to Pay to thousands of merchants globally. Now this focus on innovation and partnership is also a critical part of our strategy to penetrate the prioritized set of new flows that we outlined at our 2021 Investor Day. We continue to make solid progress. Here are some of examples how we’re driving growth in each area. First, disbursements and remittances. Mastercard Send and our cross-border services capabilities are solving for an expanding set of use cases across multiple geographies. For example, we partnered with social marketplace platform, Poshmark, to enable seller payouts. And for cross-border payments, we’ve teamed up with Paysend to broaden our global reach and expand the ability to send international payments across card brands. Second, we’re deploying digital capabilities to displace cash and check-based commercial payments at the point of sale, huge opportunity. In France, we signed an agreement with Société Générale to develop their corporate card book. And in South Korea, we partnered with KakaoBank and Samsung Card to launch new debit and credit co-brand offerings for small businesses. The third flow is B2B accounts payable payments. Our virtual card capabilities provide an effective digital solution to address the working capital, process efficiency and data challenges that are prevalent in B2B. We are a global leader in virtual card. We’re seeing rapid growth in this space. We’re bolstering our position through new partnerships and capabilities. For example, we announced plans to partner with Sabre and confirm our pay to accelerate the use of virtual cards for B2B travel payments. We also signed an agreement with fintech partner, Extenet, to offer virtual mobile corporate cards in the U.S. and Canada. And finally, on the consumer bill payment front, we are focused on deploying market-specific solutions to meet unique needs of consumers and businesses. For example, in Norway, we are powering the eFaktura service, which is used by the vast majority of citizens to pay their bills. In 2022, we hit a milestone as over 200 million digital invoices were sent using eFaktura. As you can see, we’re making significant progress expanding in payments, and we are excited about the opportunity in front of us. Now turning to the second of our three strategic priorities, services. Services provide differentiation and diversification for Mastercard. Our strategy is to leverage our services to drive growth at the core and to expand into new segments and use cases. We’re making steady progress on both and have significant opportunity for future growth. Our services continue to drive growth in the core as evidenced by our wins and extensions with Citizens, Citi, NatWest and others, as I mentioned earlier. One example of a service that enhances the value of payments is Consumer Clarity. The service provides cardholders with merchant details in digital receipts to reduce disputes, low charge-back costs and improve the consumer experience. We recently partnered with TSYS who will offer Consumer Clarity to over 25 million cardholders in the U.S. and the UK. In 2022, we signed up over 50 financial institutions and merchant partners for Consumer Clarity, including large issuers like Itaú in Brazil. We’re also expanding our services to new segments and new use cases, including governments, retailers, digital partners and financial institutions. This quarter, we partnered with research and consulting firms, including EFO and SEMA [ph] in Germany, as well as the Barbados Ministry of Tourism and International Transport to provide governments with detailed insights into tourism and retail spending trends. We engage with retailers like Lowe’s who are leveraging our Test & Learn capabilities to conduct analytics on their core business. We partner with large fintechs like Monzo in the UK. to advise on product development strategies. And we are deploying our personalization solutions, which we acquired through Dynamic Yield, across a range of retail and financial institutions, including Carrefour, Argentina, Height, [indiscernible] to enhance and scale their personalization efforts. I’m very encouraged by the continued momentum in our services growth strategy and the differentiation and diversification that these capabilities bring. I’ll now move on to our third strategic priority, which is embracing new networks, namely open banking and digital identity. This quarter, I’d like to highlight an example of how our open banking capabilities have come together with our other strategic priorities to offer a new solution. As I mentioned earlier, in quarter four, JPMorgan Payments and Mastercard announced an innovative Pay-by-Bank solution. Solution utilizes the MasterCard open banking platform to modernize existing ACH payments and allow customers to pay bills from their bank account in a frictionless manner. Pay-by-Bank offers choice and provides a simple and secure experience of billers and merchants as well as consumers by enhancing existing ACH transactions. This deal is a manifestation of our multi-rail strategy, expands our addressable market by our open banking capabilities, and it deepens our relationship with JPMorgan Chase. We’re actively working with them to take the solution to market this year. We also continue to make our progress with open banking in Europe. Mastercard is connected to more than 3,000 banks and financial institutions across 18 markets to power their open banking efforts. This quarter, we partnered with Secure Trust Bank in the UK, who will leverage our open banking capabilities to provide safe and convenient ways for their customers to repay retail loans directly from their bank account. In summary, we delivered another strong quarter of revenue and earnings growth, aided by a resilient consumer and the continued recovery in cross-border travel. In payments, we won substantial new business this quarter, including Citizens. We’re expanding our differentiated services and embracing new networks, including leveraging our open banking capabilities to power solutions, like JPMorgan’s Pay-by-Bank. With all that, we’re well positioned for the opportunities ahead. We will manage the business with agility, should the macroeconomic outlook change. Sachin, over to you.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Michael. Turning now to page 3, which shows our financial performance for the quarter on a currency-neutral basis, excluding special items and the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments. Net revenue was up 17%, supported by a resilient consumer spending and the continued recovery of cross-border travel relative to 2019 levels. Acquisitions contributed 1 ppt to this growth. Operating expenses increased 13%, including a 3 ppt increase from acquisitions. Operating income was up 19%, which includes a 1 ppt decrease related to acquisitions. Net income was up 16%, which includes a 2 ppt decrease related to acquisitions. EPS was up 19% year-over-year to $2.65, which includes a $0.06 contribution from share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased $2.4 billion worth of stock and an additional $590 million through January 23, 2023. So, let’s turn to page 4, where you can see the operational metrics for the fourth quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV, increased by 8% year-over-year on a local currency basis. On the same basis, if you exclude Russia from the prior period, GDV [Technical Difficulty] by 14%. In the U.S., GDV increased by 7% with credit growth of 14%, reflecting in part the recovery of spending on travel. Debit increased 1%. Excluding the impact of the roll-off of a previously discussed customer agreement, debit increased approximately 5%. Outside of the U.S., volume increased 8% with credit growth of 9% and debit growth of 7%. Cross-border volume was up 31% globally for the quarter, reflecting continued improvement in travel-related cross-border spending. Turning now to page 5. Switched transactions grew 8% year-over-year in Q4. Excluding Russia from the prior year, switched transactions grew 18% year-over-year in Q4. Card-present and card-not-present growth rates remain strong. Card-present growth was aided in part by increases in contactless penetration in all regions when excluding Russia. Contactless now represents 56% of all in-person switched purchase transactions. In addition, card growth was 5% or 9% if we exclude cards issued by Russian banks from the prior year card count. Globally, there are 3.1 billion Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards issued. Now, let’s turn to page 6 for highlights on the revenue line items, again, described on a currency-neutral basis, unless otherwise noted. The increase in net revenue of 17% was primarily driven by domestic and cross-border transaction and volume growth as well as growth in services, partially offset by growth in rebates and incentives. Acquisitions contributed 1 ppt to this growth. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items. Domestic assessments were up 6%, while worldwide gross dollar volume grew 8%. The difference is primarily driven by mix. Cross-border volume fees increased 40%, while cross-border volumes increased 31%. The 9 ppt difference is primarily due to favorable mix as higher-yielding ex intra-Europe cross-border volumes grew faster than intra-Europe cross-border volumes this quarter. Transaction processing fees were up 16%, while switched transactions grew 8%. The 8 ppt difference is primarily due to favorable mix, FX-related revenues and pricing. Other revenues were up 16%, including a 1 ppt contribution from acquisitions. The remaining growth was driven primarily by our cyber & intelligence and data & services solutions. Finally, rebates and incentives were up 18%, reflecting the strong growth in volumes and transactions and new and renewed deal activity. Moving on to page 7. You can see that on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, excluding special items, total adjusted operating expenses increased 13%, including a 3 ppt impact from acquisitions. Excluding acquisitions, the remaining increase was primarily due to higher personnel costs to support the continued execution of our strategic initiatives, partially offset by lower advertising and marketing costs. Turning to page 8. Let’s discuss the operating metrics for the first three weeks of January compared to Q4 2022. Each of these metrics, with the exception of cross-border card-not-present excluding travel, were favorably impacted by the lapping of the slower growth that occurred in January 2022 related to the Omicron variant. Switched volumes grew 21% year-over-year, up 7 ppt versus Q4. Switched transactions grew 12% year-over-year, up 4 ppt versus Q4. Overall, cross-border volumes grew 42% year-over-year, up 11 ppt versus Q4, driven by cross-border travel growth of 84% year-over-year, up 25 ppt versus Q4. Cross-border card-not-present excluding travel grew 10% year-over-year, up 2 ppt from Q4. A couple of administrative notes, for your reference to help you understand the trends in the business, ex Russia, we have suspended -- where we suspended operations in March 2022, we have included an appendix later in this deck to show all the data points from this schedule, if you excluded activity from Russian-issued cards from prior periods. Additionally, as the impacts of the pandemic recede, going forward, we will no longer provide operating metric levels as a percentage of 2019. Turning now to page 9, I want to share our thoughts on the upcoming year. Let me start by saying that I believe that we are well positioned to address the significant growth opportunities at hand. We have established a clear set of strategic priorities and are making steady progress against each of them. This is evidenced by the many wins across the products and services Michael has discussed on this call and over time. On the macroeconomic front, as Michael laid out, we are monitoring a number of both, positive and negative factors. We do expect consumer spending to hold up relatively well in this environment, driven in part by the strong labor market. It is important to remember that we are coming off a year of strong growth as we lap the effects of the pandemic, and we expect our go-forward growth rates to moderate accordingly. From a cross-border travel standpoint, most regions have recovered and are well above 2019 levels in Q4. The exception is Asia, where there is still room to improve with China reopening. Just a little further context here. China represented about 1% of inbound cross-border travel volumes pre-pandemic in 2019. In Q4, this volume was at approximately 20% of Q4 2019 levels. Similarly, China represented about 2% of outbound cross-border travel volumes pre-pandemic in 2019. In Q4, this volume was at about 50% of Q4 2019 levels. With this in mind, our base case scenario for the full year 2023 is for net revenues to grow at the high end of a low-double-digit rate on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. This growth rate would be higher by approximately 1.5 ppt if you exclude Russia-related revenues from 2022. Acquisitions are forecasted to have a minimal impact to this growth rate, while foreign exchange is expected to be a tailwind of approximately 1 ppt for the year, primarily due to the recent strengthening of the euro relative to U.S. dollar. In terms of operating expenses, we will continue to carefully manage our expenses as we invest in our payments, services and new network priorities to drive short and long-term growth. For the year, we expect operating expenses to grow at the high end of a high-single-digit rate on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. Acquisitions are forecast to add about 0.5 of a ppt to this growth, while foreign exchange is expected to be a 1 ppt headwind for the year. Turning now to the first quarter. Year-over-year net revenue growth is expected to be at the low end of a low-double-digit rate, again, on a currency-neutral basis excluding acquisitions and special items and reflects generally resilient consumer spending. A couple of points to note. Q1 will be the last quarter in which we experience the lapping effect of our decision to suspend operations in Russia in Q1 of 2022. And we expect cross-border volume growth in Q1 2023 to be elevated as a result of the effects of Omicron in Q1 2022. Acquisitions are forecast to add about 0.5 a ppt to this growth, while foreign exchange is expected to be a headwind of 2 ppt for the quarter. From an operating expense standpoint, we expect Q1 operating expense growth to be at the low end of a high-single-digit rate versus a year-ago on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. Acquisitions are forecast to add about 2 ppt to this growth, while foreign exchange is expected to be a tailwind of approximately 1 ppt for the quarter. Other items to keep in mind. On the other income and expense line, we are at an expense run rate of approximately $100 million per quarter given the prevailing interest rates and debt levels. This excludes gains and losses on our equity investments, which are excluded from our non-GAAP metrics. And finally, we expect a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 18% in Q1 and 18% to 18.5% for the year based on the current geographic mix of our business. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Warren.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, Sachin. Audra, we’re now ready for the Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll go first to Harshita Rawat at Bernstein.
Harshita Rawat: So Mike or Sachin, I wanted to ask about Pay-by-Bank. Over the years, you’ve developed and acquired capabilities for Pay-by-Bank in different countries. You talked about this new partnership with JPMorgan. But a skeptic could also argue that Pay-by-Bank is a risk to cards longer term, and there’s some precedence in countries. So, can you talk about the push and pull for severe? And also maybe touch upon where is Pay-by-Bank being used versus cards and how’s Mastercard able to participate in those transactions? Thank you.
Michael Miebach: Right. Harshita, let me start off on that. So, the way we think about this is in the end, it is about delivering choice to consumers, choice of merchants, choice to banks, and we are therefore in all relevant ways to pay. But it’s also true that the card ecosystem over the years has driven tremendous value. So, it is a prevalent way to pay for many, many use cases. But on the side, we have alternative payment methods emerging. And we look at those as options to go after new use cases, and that’s exactly what happened here in the context of our partnership with JPMorgan. This is focused on existing ACH payments, which are not bringing the value to the biller or the consumer that they are looking for. Frankly, though, very specifically, what we’re doing here, the issue with some of these account-to-account payments is you never really know what balance is on the account. And our open banking capabilities are really providing a payment success factor here that tells the biller this is a good time to debit this particular account, so true value brought that somebody is willing to pay for, in this case, the biller/the merchant. So, a good example of where there can be value created an alternative payment tools while this doesn’t take away from the power the cards are bringing to consumers and merchants. So, we see this as coexistence. Where this is going over time, we don’t quite know, but our multi-rail strategy positions us well to play in either field.
Operator: We’ll move next to Darrin Peller at Wolfe Research.
Darrin Peller: Nice job on the quarter and the year. When we look ahead, and we’re looking at the trend you’re showing us for January, even despite easier comps on Omicron, it does look like you have pretty conservative assumptions built into the guide for the year for top line growth of low double digits. Just given the trends we’re seeing even beyond January, but ex Russia, you anniversary that after March, and the numbers go materially higher growth rates. So, can you just tell us if there’s some building blocks like around what you’re assuming on macro -- from today’s macro activity going forward and maybe rebates incentives, is that a factor here? Thanks again, guys.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Darrin. Good morning. So, let me provide you a little bit of color here. Look, I mean, what we’ve generally assumed in our base assumptions that I mentioned when I was delivering my prepared remarks is resilient consumer spending through 2023. I mean, we see a resilient consumer today, and we’re seeing a generally resilient consumer spending pattern going forward in our base case. The other thing which we’ve contemplated, as we mentioned, from a cross-border standpoint, and particularly cross-border travel standpoint, the vast majority of the regions have now reached that state where they are kind of growing and growing at a healthy pace, but they’re not growing at an accelerating pace. So, they’ve reached that level of stability. So, let me give you a little bit of color here. You’ll remember as we are coming out of COVID, right, intra-Europe came back first cross-border standpoint. After that, we saw several inter markets come back from a cross-border standpoint, U.S., UK, Canada, Latin America, all of those. All of those are growing at a healthy pace, and we’re assuming they’ll continue to grow at a healthy pace but not at an accelerating pace. The one area where we are assuming an increase in terms of growth is around Asia Pacific. I mean, Asia Pacific has been a lagger in terms of recovery of cross-border travel. And we’re expecting that there will be -- with the borders recently opening in several markets in AP that there will be some level of recovery, which will come through there when you index back to 2019. So, that’s kind of generally been the base case we’ve kind of assumed. Look, I mean, to be perfectly honest with you, I think that the reality is we’ve got things which are helping us from a share win standpoint. We’ve got strong consumer spending, our services capabilities continuing to grow at a healthy pace, all of that is built into our guide as we go forward. Also remember that in 2022, we did have elevated levels of FX volatility which were there in the market, which actually supported the growth rate which we had in 2022. It’s hard to predict, but that looks like on a going-forward basis, we do our best assumptions on that from an FX volatility standpoint. But that’s kind of the building blocks as to how we’ve gone about building our business. The last point I’ll make is around rebates and incentives, you asked the question. As you can see, quarter-over-quarter, [ph] we talk about how we are delivering wins. We are winning with new customers. We are expanding our business with existing customers. So, we are building in assumptions from a rebates and incentive standpoint, which will be consistent with what you’re seeing in our track record from a winning standpoint as it relates to us.
Operator: We’ll go next to Lisa Ellis at SVB MoffettNathanson.
Lisa Ellis: Michael, I wanted to follow up in your prepared remarks related to new flows. You highlighted that that B2B POS payments as a notable opportunity area and highlighted a few new SMB co-brand wins there. Can you just talk a little bit more holistically about this opportunity? Remind us, a, how big it is; and then b, what’s different about it? What do you have to do differently as Mastercard to capture this opportunity relative to the consumer side? Thank you.
Michael Miebach: Right, Lisa. So, the opportunity here lies really in taking our existing set of tools, namely from the card ecosystem, very specifically the virtual card capability, which came through an acquisition many, many years ago that we’ve now built out -- ourselves into the leader here. So this existing set of tools and a huge opportunity in terms of flows to be addressed and make them more efficient, we’re looking at $14 trillion from an opportunity perspective. If you recall what we laid out across the 4 flows, new flows, this is the -- one of the large ones here that we quoted. And the way to go about this is really to say, all right, who are the different players that we already have in our ecosystem. We bring BCNs in too. There’s a lot of deals with financial institutions, but there’s also a lot of deals with partners out in the travel space, and the travel space is really the one that’s been most promising for us, and that is coming back right now. So this is a near-term opportunity. Cash and checks dominated existing tools, existing partners. This is right for us to go after it, and we’re leaning in.
Sachin Mehra: And Lisa, maybe I can just add a little bit out here, particularly as you think about the virtual card opportunity, which Mike just talked about. The differentiation, which is provided by technology which is what Michael talked about by virtue of the acquisition, which we had with our virtual card capabilities, but there’s also differentiation in terms of our approach from a go-to-market standpoint. And specifically, when you target flows from a go-to-market standpoint, you go on a vertical-by-vertical basis. So, as you know, we’ve been very successful in the travel vertical. Part of the reason we’ve been successful in the travel vertical is having a deep understanding of what it takes at the travel integrator level to be able to embed your technology there so that you are the payment choice, which people will exercise when they have to make those payments. Similarly, as we look at that opportunity going forward, there are several other verticals we’re making the similar kinds of advances in. So, that’s specific as it relates to the BCN piece. But you also asked about small business and the commercial point-of-sale opportunity, which is there. And the reality is we’ve been winning significant new deals in that small business opportunity. And we see, candidly, a very sizable market opportunity in commercial point of sale, a large part of that is still in cash and check. And the reality is, just like we did in B2M where we displace cash and check utilizing digital technologies and innovation, that’s kind of the advances we’re making also in commercial point of sale. So, that’s how we kind of see and frame the opportunity set across both of these areas.
Michael Miebach: You can hear it. It helps you have a CFO that used to be the head of our Commercial Products.
Operator: We’ll go next to Tien-Tsin Huang at JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang: I wanted to ask just big picture, if you would characterize visibility here for us on revenue versus, I guess, you can go back to pandemic or pre-pandemic. Just curious on visibility given you mentioned lots of moving pieces. And then, same thing on expenses, you said in the prepared remarks here that you’re prepared to adjust investments, if necessary. If the base case and the outlook here is to show some operating leverage, can we assume the same operating leverage if revenue weakens relative to expectations? Sorry for the long question.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Tien-Tsin. So, on your question around revenue, it’s like I laid out, right? I mean, at the end of the day, we put our base case together. We’ve kind of laid out what our assumptions are from a base case standpoint. And at the end of the day, we don’t have the crystal ball to actually suggest that that is the way things are going to play out. But based on everything we’re seeing in the nature of current trends as well as leading indicators, particularly as it relates to the overall strength of the labor market, we feel pretty good about what we’re seeing from a base case standpoint as it relates to the outlook for revenues. As it relates to one component of revenues, which we oftentimes think about is around -- on an as-reported basis versus what it is on a currency-neutral basis, very hard to predict where foreign exchange markets go. But again, we’ve seen recent strengthening of the euro take place, and that’s what we’ve kind of shared with you in terms of our assumptions from an FX standpoint. And then, you asked about operating leverage. Look, I mean, the reality is we’ve always operated with the philosophy of delivering positive operating leverage over the long term. We look at the top line. We look at how our expense is up also against that top line. We have, in the past, demonstrated our capability to modulate our expenses to the extent we start to see adverse impacts take place on the top line and vice versa. And the reality is what we don’t want to do is impact the long-term growth potential of our business. So, we will continue to invest in our business with our eye on the long term. We will be prudent about not going into spaces from an OpEx standpoint, which are not in demand. Obviously, I’m kind of stating the obvious here. But the reality is the philosophy remains unchanged. We will look to deliver positive operating leverage as a company. And we have the tools and the ability to actually modulate expenses if top line -- if we feel like the top line growth is going to get impacted over the long term.
Operator: We’ll go next to Sanjay Sakhrani at KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: First off, I’m glad we’re getting rid of the relative to 2019 metric, for good reason. Just a question on cross-border and sort of the operating assumption this year. I know there’s a number of different trends that you guys talked about. But there’s still a decent amount of pent-up demand. I guess, how do you think cross-border travel behaves in a backdrop where macro might get worse from here? Maybe you could use some historical precedent here. Maybe just give us sort of how you’re thinking about it. Thanks.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. So Sanjay, let me share a few thoughts on how we think about cross-border, right? So at the end of the day, there are numerous things which impact how people travel and spend in the cross-border environment. But at the outset, what I want to say is that the fundamentals around the cross-border proposition as delivered by Mastercard actually stand to be very sound just like they were in the pre-pandemic days. We said this through the pandemic, and it’s played out in that manner. Now, let me get a little bit more specific as it relates to pent-up demand -- your question around pent-up demand. The reality is we all know from what we hear on the earnings calls of airlines that capacity is constrained from an airline standpoint. And with that constrained capacity and elevated prices, you’re seeing that impact come through when you do P times Q, which is price multiplied by quantity, you get kind of what the resultant impact from a spend standpoint is. Fast forward, as capacity comes back online, one would expect that people will -- there will be some level of adjustment in prices because the demand-supply equation gets a little bit more in equilibrium. And so overall, we’re not assuming that that necessarily results in a tailwind because capacity comes back online, right, because there’s going to be an adjustment which takes place from a price standpoint. Our view -- again, we hope we’re wrong, and we hope cross-border spending kind of goes with more capacity, prices remain elevated and people continue to spend, but we’ve got to take a point of view on that, and that’s what we’re taking. The other point I’ll make is, as it relates to what the impact of FX rates is on cross-border and cross-border travel. The reality is what we’ve seen historically is that when exchange rates move, for example, with the dollar strengthening, with the lag effect, you would tend to see inbound into the U.S. get impacted. That’s only natural. It gets more expensive for people coming from different parts of the globe to come into the U.S. But what we’ve also seen is individual extend to then redirect that cross-border spend to other parts of the globe where they don’t feel the impact of that come through. So, movements in foreign exchange rates, does have an impact on how we think about cross-border going forward.
Michael Miebach: And just to add one point here, Sanjay, that is over the last two years, we’ve been winning portfolios in the space. We’ve really focused on the space, expecting to come back. If you recall, let me just remind everybody here, across airlines, across travel, our online travel agencies, across lodging, across other forms of transports like trains, Myriad, Virgin Atlantic, Amtrak, JetBlue, Cathay Pacific, British Airways and so forth, we have won portfolios. And we’ve bolstered that in terms of market access through these partners with additional products. So there’s Mastercard Travel Rewards out there, which is now in 80 countries. So, we believe into the macroeconomic environment that Sachin just laid out, we have the better proposition. So, it remains an exciting space. The pace in which we’ll grow, we’ll have to see that is characterized by what Sachin just said, but we certainly have a differentiated proposition in that. And one last comment I want to make, Sanjay, I’m happy you’re excited about metrics and how we’re changing the metrics. From a metrics perspective, I want to complete -- back to Lisa’s question earlier. I mentioned the $14 trillion on commercial POS, but there’s also $24 trillion on accounts payable, which makes the total opportunity in this combined space, $38 trillion. So, that conversation earlier was an important one on a very big part of our priorities.
Operator: We’ll go next to Jason Kupferberg at Bank of America.
Jason Kupferberg: I really appreciate the China cross-border data you gave there for both inbound and outbound. I think you said that inbound is running at about 20% of 2019 levels in the fourth quarter and outbound at about 50% of 2019 levels in the fourth quarter. Can you give us a sense of how much improvement you’re expecting in those metrics in 2023 as the reopening progresses? And then separately, can you just make any high-level comments on growth for each of your three strategic pillars in ‘23? Thank you.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. So first, Jason, I’m not going to share specifics as it relates to how we built our model up for the full year. What I will share with you is as it relates to the recovery of both inbound and outbound for China, we have built in some level of recovery as the year progresses. It’s our best estimate as to what we expect to happen by virtue of the borders opening and the quantity and requirements being lifted. But suffice it to say that the opportunity is pretty sizable. The fact that we were in Q4 at 20% of 2019 levels from an inbound travel standpoint, cross-border travel standpoint is just suggestive of the fact that if you just think about what’s gone on around the regions and how they’ve recovered and bounced right back and gone well above 2019 levels, there’s a significant opportunity both on inbound and outbound as it relates to China. And sorry, the second part of your question, Jason?
Jason Kupferberg: Just the three strategic pillars, what you’re modeling for revenue growth on those in ‘23?
Sachin Mehra: Again, I mean, when you -- the strategic priorities, we’ve got payment services in new networks, as Michael has talked about. Look, I mean, I’ll give you a general sense. I mean, you know about -- from a payment standpoint, we’ve been doing this, and we’ve been doing this for many decades, and that is the substantive part of how we deliver our revenue growth. Over the last decade, we’ve shown you how services have grown and still growing at a healthy pace. In my view, the demand for our services capability still remains very strong. You’ve seen that we’ve been growing at a faster pace in services relative to the overall growth of our business. And I don’t think we should assume anything different on a going-forward basis. And new networks is relatively nascent really. So again, I would put that into the space of it’s growing. It’s growing off a small base at a very healthy clip. But the reality is on the overall Mastercard, it’s still to have a meaningful impact. So, that’s kind of the best I can share with you on that.
Michael Miebach: Jason, I’d say the model really is one not of separate pillars. This is an integrated business proposition where services differentiates payments. And payments is oftentimes a way to build out a further -- a broader set of services and so forth. So, it kind of goes in the circle -- a virtuous circle, I have to say. When you look at it, the -- historically, we gave you a number a couple of years ago that service is a third of our quarter. It has been growing faster. I gave you an example earlier in my prepared remarks on Consumer Clarity, which is something that is transaction-related, and it’s growing faster with 50 new issuers. So, there’s just a lot of momentum in there. But, there is also the kind of services that are not related to the underlying payments business. For example, what the example I gave you on Test & Learn, where we’re working with a set of customers to work on their base core business as in Lowe’s, the example that I gave you. So, different sets of dynamics, but they go hand in hand, and that is the power of the differentiated and diversified business model that we have.
Operator: We’ll move next to Rayna Kumar at UBS.
Warren Kneeshaw: Rayna, are you on mute? Operator, let’s go to the next, and try to get Rayna back on line.
Operator: We’ll go next to Will Nance at Goldman Sachs.
Will Nance: Maybe I’ll squeeze one last 2019 -- versus 2019 question before the metrics go away. When we -- some of the kind of moving pieces in December, it seems like across some of the metrics, things seem to take a little bit of a step down on the 2019 stack. So, just any color on what you’re seeing on a regional basis between kind of e-commerce and travel and how those trends have kind of continued into January, maybe excluding some of the impacts of China that you’re seeing? And then just a more numerical piece of that question as I -- appreciate the color you gave on the China metrics on inbound and outbound travel. Just wondering if you have any color on just the overall contribution of China to cross-border volumes?
Sachin Mehra: All right, Will. So, I’ll take your questions in order out here. You talked about some color around how we’re seeing things shape up in Q4 relative to 2019 levels. We’re seeing pretty stable levels as it relates to switched volumes, switched transactions in cross-border, in fact, marginally up on each one of them quarter-over-quarter. So for example, in switched volumes in Q3 as a percentage of 2019, we were running at 154%; in Q4, we were running at 156%. And you can see this in the slide deck, which we shared with you. The one thing to just keep in mind is in the U.S. in Q4, we have seen a little bit of an impact come through from lower gas prices, and that’s kind of being reflected in the numbers you see right here. You asked a question from a regional color standpoint. I’d say there’s remarkably consistent growth that we’re seeing in most regions. For example, in Europe, Europe continues hold up pretty well. Latin America and EMEA are also actually holding up pretty well from a growth standpoint. In Q4, China was in the negative, particularly in its domestic volumes. And again, remember, our -- we don’t generate a lot of revenue from the domestic side. But, it was impacted negatively because of the flareup in the COVID situation, which took place there. So that’s one piece to keep in mind. Another piece to keep in mind is that from an India standpoint, we are -- now that we’re out of the embargo and we’ve started new issuance, you still have the tail effect of the embargo coming through. So said differently, the fact that you actually for a year were not issuing new cards in India has a resultant impact of attrition of old cards which are taking place, which need to be more than compensated for by issuance of new cards. And that takes time as issuers get ramped up and ready to go. So, you’ve seen that come through in Q4 as well. But beyond that, I would say that we continue to see pretty good and consistent growth relative to 2019 levels across all our metrics here.
Michael Miebach: And a step down compared to last year and the year before is, of course, there because you get the mathematics and the lapping effects and so forth. But to 2019, I think that’s an instructive view here. And it tells us that, yes, we’re expecting a resilient consumer will continue to spend.
Sachin Mehra: And, Will, you had asked the question about China. In my prepared remarks, I shared with you that China inbound cross-border travel pre-pandemic was roughly 1% of our total corresponding volumes, and our outbound -- the similar metric from an outbound standpoint was about 2%. So, I know that was the second part of your question.
Operator: We’ll go next to David Togut at Evercore ISI.
David Togut: Europe continues to be a driver of differentiated growth for Mastercard. For the year ahead, could you talk through some of your assumptions on the biggest opportunities in Europe, Germany, Poland, Italy, when you think about both economic outlook and cash digitization? We’ve seen mixed reports 6, 9 months ago, more concerned about Europe given high gas prices. Now, it seems like the outlook has been a little better with lower gas prices and a more mild winter. But, any insights would be greatly appreciated.
Michael Miebach: David, let me start off on that. So, looking at Europe really in three categories, there’s the UK on one hand and there’s emerging Europe and then there is Continental Central Europe, and slightly different picture on all of them. First of all, starting off with the continent. Here, the concern has been around for a while on rising gas prices and energy prices and the impact on the consumers’ ability to spend. A combination of fiscal measures to provide cushions to consumers, along with energy-saving measures, along with the gas storage now reaching full capacity has really alleviated some of these concerns. So, we continue to see a fairly resilient European consumer. That’s our base assumption as we look forward. UK, somewhat different economic outlook, and that might be a little more shaky there. But fundamentally, in this market, we are seeing a lot of tailwind for us from share gains over the last couple of years. So that works well for us. And emerging Europe continues to be a dramatic digitization opportunity as we’ve seen in markets like Russia, which unfortunately is not in our P&L any longer. But we have seen very high digitization rates, and we’re pushing that in these more emerging markets. Somewhere between, there’s peculiarities like Germany, where there was a significant digitization opportunity, and there still remains. But we caught up a lot in Germany over the last two years, particularly on the contactless side, which is now reaching half of the transactions there. So, healthy mix in Europe and very strong share position with opportunities to come through from portfolio wins that we have shared with you over the last couple of years as they go into effect.
Sachin Mehra: And I’ll just add, David, to Michael’s point around the deals which we’ve recently won and announced. Just to give you a little bit of perspective, we had talked about Santander historically. That migration is in progress. And we’re through the bulk of a 9 million card migration there. We expect to be complete by early 2023 on that one. NatWest commenced the issuance of Mastercard debit cards in December of 2021. That’s well underway, and we would expect some of that to continue to happen in 2023. And then, the other one we had spoken about historically was Deutsche Bank, and we expect that the migration of one will commence somewhere in the middle of 2023. So, just to give you a little bit of sense as to how we’re kind of thinking about things.
Operator: We’ll move next to Ashwin Shirvaikar at Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: I just wanted to drill into a couple of things, now that we’re getting rid of 2019 over the past few years. And looking forward, what has changed in terms of the growth algo? How should we think of that as we think of normalized growth visibility? And then, there’s a smaller question with regards to - specifically for ‘23, the spread between [indiscernible] how should one think of that?
Sachin Mehra: I’m going to need a little bit more clarity on the second part of your question, but we’ll get to that. Let me take the first question first, which is as it relates to the growth algorithm. Just suffice it to say that the fundamentals of our business actually are very, very sound. The growth algorithm, which has actually enabled the strong growth we have delivered pre-pandemic, very much stands sound even today. So, the reality is, if you think about PCE growth, you think about the opportunity for the secular shift to electronic forms of payment, you think about the fact that we’re growing market share, you think about how we’re delivering on our services capabilities and driving growth from that, and now as we’re doing new and different things around new payment flows as well as new networks, that growth algorithm actually is very sound, very stable, very consistent with what we’ve historically had. And that’s the way we think about the business for, call it, not only the near term but near medium to long term for Mastercard. Now, Ashwin, I’m not sure I got the second part of your question. Could you repeat that, please?
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Yes. I was asking about the cross-border volume spread. How should one think of that as we think of this year?
Sachin Mehra: Yes. Look, I mean, our cross-border proposition sound -- is very sound and stable. And I think at the end of the day, like I said, most of the regions are now back to what I would call, the stable growth rates that we would normally have seen in the pre-pandemic phase. The one exception is Asia, and there’s a little bit of opportunity which we have in Asia, which we’ve contemplated in our thoughts for 2023.
Operator: We’ll move next to Ken Suchoski at Autonomous Research.
Ken Suchoski: Hi. Good morning, Michael and Sachin. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask about the cross-border recovery. We see the volumes for cross-border travel are well above 2019 levels. Where are you seeing the transactions versus 2019 levels on that same metric? Sachin, you made some interesting comments on price versus units. And I’m just trying to get a sense for how much the cross-border travel volumes are benefiting from inflation and spend per transaction, and how much recovery is still left from a number of transaction standpoint. Thank you.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Ken. So my comment is actually going to hold true for not only cross-border for -- largely for the business, if you think about it, right? You know our transactions or the growth in our transactions is impacted by our average ticket size. There are puts and takes on the average ticket size, not only in cross-border but even on domestic, which are influenced by numerous factors, one of which is inflation. The others are the mix between card-present and card-not-present. Because what happens is, typically, with more card-not-present, you tend to see a higher average ticket size, which results in lower transaction growth rate. Now, that being said, also when you do more card-not-present, you have the opportunity to deliver more services. When you deliver more services, it allows you to actually have a compensating effect from a revenue standpoint. So, I think those are two important things to keep in mind. The third, I would say, from an average ticket size standpoint, which impacts both cross-border and domestic, is what is the regional mix? Because different countries have different average ticket sizes, which influences what the growth rates are. Specifically on cross-border average ticket, it has been pretty stable year-over-year. And our assumption, as we kind of think about this is, not knowing perfectly well where inflation is going to go and the variables I kind of talked about, those are those things we factor into our assumptions as it relates to transaction growth on a going-forward basis.
Operator: We’ll take that question from Dave Koning at Baird.
Dave Koning: Maybe just to go back a little bit to Q1 guidance. You talked a little bit about this, but I know revenue you’ve got on a non-GAAP basis decelerating something like 5% or so. But every metric -- every core metric in January accelerated by kind of 4% to 11%. Is there just tougher comps coming on some of those key metrics, or is it rebates? Or maybe talk through a little bit about the gap and kind of what’s going to happen in the rest of the quarter.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Dave. A couple of thoughts. One, in Q1, acquisitions contribute less to our Q1 growth than they did to our Q4 growth because you’re doing a sequential comparison between Q4 and Q1 in your question there. Number two, the suspension of operations in Russia has a greater impact in Q1 than it does in Q4. It’s just the way the cadence of the revenues are. And then, two other points I’d point out is Michael talked about the several wins we’ve got -- active deal activity, which has been in play. We’ve got to contemplate all of that in our Q1 kind of thoughts. And then, the last piece I’d mention is we did have elevated levels of FX volatility in Q4. I don’t know where FX volatility is going to play out. We’ve done our best assumptions around that, but those would be the contributing factors.
Warren Kneeshaw: Michael, any final comments?
Michael Miebach: Yes. So, thanks for your questions. Thanks for your trust. Rayna, we will figure out your questions offline. We couldn’t get to those, unfortunately. The day will come when there’s a call where there’s more questions for me than for Sachin. I’m still hopeful. We will get there at some point. But the story has been resilient consumer, and we still see some opportunity in cross-border for Asia. That’s the base. We’re winning. That feels good as we look ahead into 2023. And we have 28,000 excited people at Mastercard that are going to deliver on that opportunity. With that, thank you very much and speak to you next quarter.
Sachin Mehra: Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Audra and I will be your conference Operator today. At this time, I’d like to welcome everyone to the Mastercard Incorporated Q3 2022 earnings conference call. Today’s conference is being recorded. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press the star key followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press star, one again. Please only press star, one once to queue up for a question as pressing star, one multiple times may affect your position in the queue. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you Audra. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2022 earnings call. With me today are Michael Miebach, our Chief Executive Officer, and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Michael and Sachin, the Operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data, and the slide deck that accompanies this call on the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished to the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to GAAP reported amounts.  Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I would like to remind everyone that today’s call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard’s future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I will now turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Miebach: Thank you Warren. Good morning everyone. Let’s get right into it. The headline is that consumer spending remains resilient and cross-border travel continues to recover. With this backdrop, we delivered strong revenue and earnings growth through the focused execution of our strategy. Third quarter net revenues were up 23% and adjusted operating income up 27%, both versus a year ago on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, excluding special items.  The macroeconomic and geopolitical environment remains uncertain. Inflationary pressures have remained elevated and central banks are continuing to take aggressive steps to bring inflation in line. Tensions remain high with the war in Ukraine and the supply of natural gas to Europe is a concern. Despite all of this, unemployment rates remain low, wages are rising, consumer savings levels remain elevated, and credit is readily accessible. In this setting, overall consumer spending has remained resilient, although we are seeing some shift in what consumers are buying.  Looking at our switch volume trends, domestic volumes remain steady, showing growth relative to 2019 levels, relatively consistent to the second quarter 2022. The trend towards spending on experiences continues. We saw notable strength in airlines, lodging and restaurant spend with a shift away from categories like home furnishings and appliances. The current mix between retail T&E and other categories of spend is now broadly similar to pre-pandemic levels. Cross-border continues to recover as border restrictions are progressively relaxed. Cross-border travel in the third quarter has reached 124% of 2019 levels. Relative to 2019 levels, most regions are up sequentially, including a notable improvement in Asia. Cross-border card not present ex-travel continues to hold up well.   Notwithstanding the continued strength in consumer spending, we will continue to watch the environment closely, including fiscal, monetary and other policy actions taken in response to events. This will inform our actions, as it always has. Should the market outlook weaken, we are prepared to act quickly to modulate our expenses. As we demonstrated during the pandemic, we have the flexibility to respond quickly across a number of levers and will do so while maintaining focus on our three key strategic priorities. The focus on these areas will create new opportunities for growth. It starts by solidifying our positions in payments complemented by our differentiated services line and our expansion into adjacent activities like open banking and digital identity. Moving onto some examples of how we are progressing against each of these, first we are expanding in payments by enabling digital transformation with our customers, [indiscernible] volume growth, expanding acceptance, and capturing new payment flows. There are now over 3 billion Mastercards in circulation supported in part by programs such as our Digital First initiative.  Our Digital First solution starts with the ability for a consumer to acquire and then use a new card digitally in real time. It’s helping customers create a best-in-class digital experience leading to increased approval rates on average by two percentage points, reduce fraud on average by four basis points, and increase spend per active account on average by 10%. To date, we have launched over 200 Digital First customers around the globe. Santander in Mexico, Chase in the U.K., Citibanamex, ING in Spain, and Nubank in Brazil are amongst the latest customers to partner with Mastercard to deliver and end-to-end Digital First customer journey. Also, we’re driving growth in volume with new and renewed wins across a broad set of partners. In the U.S., we recently extended our exclusive deal with Keybanc for debit, credit, commercial and small business, as well as deepened our relationship on services. This quarter in partnership with Chase, we will launch a new co-run program with DoorDash. This deal further expands our presence in the digital food delivery space. We also went live with the Uber Pro Card, an enhanced loyalty and payments experience that will help drivers in Korea save on gas, fees and other expenses. In Europe, we have seen momentum in Italy with [indiscernible] securing an expanded deal that includes a credit and prepaid flip, as well as securing the current Mastercard portfolio. In Latin America, we have renewed our exclusivity agreement with Mercado Libre and secured incremental credit share with Banco Scotiabank Colpatria. Overall, another great quarter with notable wins.  Let’s shift to one area that is sometimes underappreciated, that is how we are enabling growth in payments by giving people and businesses more places to use their Mastercard. We have added more acceptance locations in the last five years than the previous 50, and we are now accepted at more than 90 million merchant locations.  The preference for contactless payments that grew over the last two years continues. More than half of the in-person switch purchase transactions are now tapped, up from approximately one-third pre-pandemic, and this trend will be bolstered by the adoption of new technologies such as tap on phone.  Further, our technology and global reach enabled growth in acceptance while helping our partners drive their digital strategies. For example, we have signed with McDonald’s to use our gateway capabilities enabling them to easily offer more solutions to new markets, beginning in Middle East and Africa.  Finally, we’re driving growth in payments by leaning into innovation to capture a prioritized set of new payment flows. We continue to make progress in going after flows in the disbursements and remittances space by expanding into new use cases and geographies. For example, in the U.S. gig economy, we’ve signed a new global agreement with AirBnB to facilitate host payouts using Mastercard Send in select markets.  We have also expanded with gaming payouts, launching our Gaming Fast payout program. To address [indiscernible] account exported domestic payments, we have signed a deal with Pagero, a leading global B2B network and solutions provider that provides account payable automation to some of the world’s largest corporate brands.  We’re also growing commercial point-of-sale transactions by targeting small business, corporate T&E, purchasing and fleet flows. In the U.S., we announced our exclusive co-brand partnership with First National Bank of Omaha to issue the [indiscernible] small business card. This product offers small business owners industry-leading access to tools, benefits and services with a focus on equitable access to credit - very important.  We also continue to target B2B accounts payable flows by expanding access and reach leveraging our virtual card capabilities. We signed a deal with Marqueta to enable our next generation virtual card solution, Instant Pay. This solution intelligently and automatically sends instant payments to suppliers. We have also signed an agreement with SAP Taulia to integrate our virtual card solutions into Taulia and their SAP solutions, enabling their customers to facilitate virtual card payments.  We’re also well positioned to capitalize on the return of travel with our Mastercard wholesale travel program. In Bahrain, we signed a deal with Infinios travel agency and travel management company volumes, and in Europe, we signed a deal with a fintech, Swile, while going after B2B travel flows in Europe and Latin America. As you can see, we continue to make steady progress in addressing our prioritized set of new payment flows. Now turning to services, where we delivered another quarter of strong revenue growth, our services delivered a diversified revenue stream for Mastercard beyond payments. They accomplished this by adding new service capabilities as well as extending existing service offerings into new and existing customers. There continues to be a tremendous growth opportunity in this space. First off, we’re excited about dynamic yield’s unique personalization platform which offers a great example of how we’re adding new service capabilities. Since complementing the acquisition earlier this year, we have added dozens of new retail and commerce customers. A great example is [indiscernible], a German fashion store. I always share German examples if I can. They have more than 1,400 stores in Europe. We have deployed our content personalization capabilities to additional markets. In addition, we are expanding our capabilities to financial institutions.  Now, beyond adding new services, there’s an opportunity for over-extending existing offerings into new and existing customers. In the third quarter, we signed an agreement with Sky Italia, part of Sky Group, one of Europe’s leading media and entertainment companies, to enrich and commercialize a new service to support small businesses. mBurse, a technology provider to insurance companies is implementing our card link services for their micro savings program with Generali Insurance in Switzerland, and in Spain we have grown our relationship with Caxiabank with one of our largest European [indiscernible] deals. The deal enables them to provide a more efficient charge-back flow for all their card portfolios. Beyond expanding in payments and extending our services, our third key priority area is embracing new networks. As a reminder, our current focus is on two areas: open banking and digital identity. This quarter, I’ll touch on open banking. While open banking is early in the game, it is a tremendous opportunity. We are engaged with a broad set of financial institutions and fintechs who are increasingly interested in a wide range of use cases. What’s unique and interesting here is that we are the partner that brings what is needed to scale and instill confidence in the space, things like responsible data practices, consumer protections, and deep compliance, all on top of our robust technical capabilities, broad connectivity and extensive applications. Just to give you a flavor, in the U.S. Quicken, a leading provider of financial management solutions, has selected Mastercard as their provider of consumer permission data for its popular Simplify budgeting platform. We’re also working with Fidelity to support their innovation in student loan repayment for organizations that want to help their employees improve their financial wellness. Then there’s Jack Henry, which will enable community and regional financial institutions to be at the center of their account holders’ financial lives. They will do this providing stability to securely see all of their financial accounts within and outside a primary financial institution in a single view. This will help enable consumers and businesses to make more informed financial decisions. This is just the beginning and much more to come in open banking. Before wrapping up, I’d like to share an example of how we are incorporating our capabilities across all three strategic pillars. Our strategy to engage in the crypto economy leverages assets across payments, services, and new networks, a combination that yields a truly differentiated value proposition. Here, we’re deploying our payment capabilities to enable consumers to spend their crypto holdings on card and cash out their crypto wallets via Mastercard Send. This quarter, we partnered with Evonax, who will become our first partner in Australia to issue crypto-funded cards. We’re enabling off-ramp solutions with Mastercard Send and recently added five new players in North America and Europe, including finance supported by checkout.com and Nubay. In all instances, we do not handle crypto but rather take delivery of fiat currency. Our services and new networks capabilities are providing identity, cyber and consulting services for market participants. Crypto Secure is an innovative solution designed to bring additional security and trust to this digital ecosystem by helping card issuers address regulatory risks. We also recognize the interest people continue to have in buying and holding crypto through trusted places like the banks, so last week we announced Crypto Source, which is designed to give our financial institution partners access to a comprehensive suite of buy, hold and sell services for select crypto assets. This will be augmented with our proven identity, cyber security and advisory services. To support these upcoming pilot programs, Mastercard is expanding its partnership with Paxos Trust Company to leverage their crypto asset trading and custody services. As you can see, our crypto strategy is bringing together best-in-class capabilities at scale all built on our core principles of providing strong consumer protections, safety and security.  In summary, we delivered another strong quarter of revenue and earnings growth aided by a resilient consumer and a continued recovery in cross-border travel. We continue executing against our three strategic priorities. We have strong momentum with our customers, offering a diverse set of innovative solutions. We will continue to manage our expenses carefully within this macroeconomic environment, and our well diversified and flexible business model positions us well for the future. Sachin, over to you.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks Michael. Turning to Page 3, which shows our financial performance for the quarter on a currency-neutral basis, excluding special items and the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments. Net revenue was up 23% supported by resilient consumer spending and the continued recovery of cross-border travel relative to 2019 levels. Acquisitions contributed 1 PPT to this growth.  Operating expenses increased 17%, including a 3 PPT increase from acquisitions. Operating income was up 27%, which includes a 1 PPT decrease related to acquisitions.  EPS was up 22% year-over-year to $2.68, which includes a $0.06 contribution from share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased $1.6 billion worth of stock and an additional $505 million through October 24, 2022.  Let’s turn to Page 4, where you can see the operational metrics for the third quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV increased by 11% year-over-year on a local currency basis. On the same basis if you exclude Russia from the prior period, GDV increased by 18%. In the U.S., GDV increased by 10% with credit growth of 20%, reflecting in part the recovery of spending on travel. Debit increased 2%. Excluding the impact of the roll-off of the previously discussed customer agreement, debit increased approximately 5%.  Outside of the U.S., volume increased 12% with credit growth of 15% and debit growth of 9%. Cross-border volume was up 44% globally for the quarter, reflecting continued improvement in travel-related cross-border spending.  Turning to Page 5, switch transactions grew 9% year-over-year in Q3. Excluding Russia from the prior year, switch transactions grew 19% year-over-year in Q3. Card present and card not present growth rates remained strong. Card present growth was aided in part by increases in contactless penetration in all regions when excluding Russia. Contactless now represents 54% of all in person switch purchase transactions. In addition, card growth was 5% or 10% if we exclude cards issued by Russian banks from the prior year card count. Globally, there are 3 billion Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards issued.  Now let’s turn to Page 6 for highlights on the revenue line items, again described on a currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. The increase in net revenue of 23% was primarily driven by domestic and cross-border transaction and volume growth, as well as growth in services, partially offset by growth in rebates and incentives. Acquisitions contributed 1 PPT to this growth.  Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items, domestic assessments were up 9% while worldwide GDV grew 11%. The difference is primarily driven by mix. Cross-border volume fees increased 57% while cross-border volumes increased 44%. The 13 PPT difference is primarily due to favorable mix as higher yielding ex intra-Europe cross-border volumes grew faster than intra-Europe cross border volumes this quarter.  Transaction processing fees were up 22% while switch transaction grew 9%. The 13 PPT difference is primarily due to favorable mix, FX-related revenues, and pricing.  Other revenues were up 22%, including a 2 PPT contribution from acquisitions. The remaining growth was driven primarily by our cyber intelligence and data services solutions. Finally, rebates and incentives were up 26% reflecting the strong growth in volumes and transactions and new and renewed deal activity. Moving onto Page 7, you can see that on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, total adjusted operating expenses increased 17%, including a 3 PPT impact from acquisitions. Excluding acquisitions, the remaining increase was primarily due to higher personnel costs to support the continued execution of our strategic initiatives.  Turning now to Page 8, let’s discuss the operating metrics for the first three weeks of October. For your reference to help you understand the trends in the business ex-Russia, where we suspended operations in March 2022, we have included an appendix later in the stack which shows all the data points from the schedule if you excluded activity from Russia-issued cards from prior periods. As a general comment, our metrics are holding up well in October. As expected, the year-over-year growth metrics faced tougher comps as we began lapping periods in 2021 when COVID-related restrictions eased and spending levels started to rebound. However, it is important to note that all metrics continue to hold up well relative to 2019 levels. Going through the metrics in turn, starting with switch volumes, for the first three weeks of October we grew 17% year-over-year, down 1 PPT versus Q3. Switch transactions grew 9% year-over-year through the first three weeks of October, consistent with Q3. As a reminder, Russia has a relatively low average ticket size which results in a larger relative impact to this metric.  Overall, cross-border volumes through the first three weeks of October grew 36% year-over-year, down 8 PPT versus Q3. Cross-border travel had another quarter of strong growth as border restrictions continued to be lifted. In the first three weeks of October, cross-border travel was up 62% year-over-year, down 11 PPT versus Q3 due to more difficult year-ago comps, as I just noted. Cross-border travel is now at 125% of 2019 levels, up 1 PPT from Q3 levels.  Cross-border card not present excluding travel was up 12% year-over-year in October, which includes the impact of significant ecommerce promotional activities and is down 1 PPT from Q3. This metric continues to hold up well in relation to 2019 levels.  Turning to Page 9, I wanted to share our thoughts on Q4. Let me begin by saying that the execution of our strategic priorities is translating into expanded and deeper customer relationships and the broader adoption of our material solutions and differentiated services. Consumer spending remains resilient in the face of macroeconomic headwinds and cross-border travel continues to recover as border restrictions ease and consumers shift their spending back towards travel. Just to update you on some metrics we are tracking, Asia, which represented approximately 14% of cross-border inbound travel pre-pandemic in 2019, is at approximately 76% of 2019 levels in Q3, up from about 60% in Q2. We continue to believe there is more room to grow as several travel corridors, particularly in Asia, still remain restricted and airline industry capacity continues to build back up. We remain well positioned to capitalize on this growth with our travel arrangement portfolios and services offerings, including access to an extensive airport lounge network and concierge services and our global Mastercard Travel Rewards program, which allows issuers and merchants to connect to provide consumers with unique benefits through a simple digital experience. As we have laid out, there are a number of factors that could influence future economic growth. These include elevated inflation and rising interest rates and geopolitical tensions balanced against low unemployment, rising wages, and high savings levels in particular. We are monitoring each of these and, as Michael just said, we are prepared to act quickly to adjust our expenses to reflect any meaningful change to top line growth. With respect to the fourth quarter, we expect year-over-year net revenue to grow at the high end of the mid-teens range on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. This is consistent with prior expectations and sequentially reflects, one, generally resilient consumer spending relative to 2019 levels; two, stable to slightly improved cross-border travel growth relative to 2019 levels with some continued improvement into Asia and some moderation within Europe; three, higher rebates and incentives as a percent of gross revenues due to elevated deal activity consistent with seasonal norms; and finally the lapping of a strong year-ago quarter as border restrictions were lifted in the U.S., U.K. and Canada during Q4 2021. Acquisitions are forecasted to add about 1 PPT to this growth while foreign exchange is expected to be a headwind of approximately 6 to 7 PPT for the quarter. As a reminder, the euro has depreciated significantly year-over-year and is the primary driver of this headwind. From a sensitivity standpoint, based on the current mix of the business, the annual impact to net revenue of a $0.01 change in the value of the euro relative to the U.S. dollar is approximately $55 million.  From an operating expense standpoint, we expect Q4 operating expenses to grow at a low double digit rate versus a year ago on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. Acquisitions are forecast to add about 3 PPT to this growth. Foreign exchange is expected to be a tailwind of approximately 4 to 5 PPT for the quarter.  Other items to keep in mind, on the other income and expense line, we are at an expense run rate of approximately $100 million per quarter given the prevailing interest rates. This excludes gains and losses on our equity investments which are excluded from our non-GAAP metrics, and finally we expect a tax rate of approximately 19% in Q4 based on the current geographic mix of our business. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Warren.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thanks Sachin. Audra, we’re now ready for the Q&A session. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] We’ll take our first question from Sanjay Sakhrani at KBW. 
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks, good morning. Sachin, I was just wondering if you could just parse out a little bit of the fourth quarter net revenue expectations - it was a little bit lower than we were thinking. I’m just curious, is it incentives kind of spiking up in the fourth quarter, or is it just the gross number? Any color there would be helpful, thanks.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. Firstly, I’m just going to kick it off by saying the fourth quarter thoughts that I just shared with you are very consistent with what we had shared in our implied fourth quarter numbers when we gave you our full-year guidance at the last earnings call, so very consistent in terms of what we’re sharing with you in terms of fourth quarter. But just a few things I want to emphasize as to what our key assumptions going into the fourth quarter are, one is we continue to believe that there will be a resilient consumer and spending from the consumer relative to 2019 levels will be generally resilient; number two, we are expecting stable to slightly improved cross-border travel growth relative to 2019 levels. In terms of rebates and incentives, to your question, as a percentage of gross revenues we expect them to be higher in the fourth quarter. This is very consistent with our seasonal norms, so nothing unusual as far as I’m concerned there, and then also again if you look at it on a sequential basis, back to comparing fourth quarter to third quarter, there is a lapping effect which I think I talked about, so really the summary of what I guess I’m sharing with you is our fourth quarter thoughts are very consistent to what we had actually shared with you previously.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We’ll move next to Lisa Ellis at MoffettNathanson SVB.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific, good morning guys. Thanks for taking my question. A question about business resilience, I guess looking forward in the face of potential economic downturn, and just thinking about the fact that over the last several years, Mastercard increased the diversification in the business significantly with more debit, more fast ACH, more services, etc., more B2B, so how do you think about where you are now in terms of resilience of the business, if we do at some point see a slowdown in the consumer side of spending? Thank you.
Michael Miebach: Good morning Lisa, thank you for your questions. Let me kick off on that one.  You implied the answer in your question, actually - it is the nature of our continued diversification. Just to remind everybody on why are we diversifying, it is to give us a diversified revenue stream but it’s also to differentiated our payments, and all of that plays hand-in-hand with better services. We’re going to see more payment volumes come out with better services, easier to get into some of the new payment flows - for example, our safety security solutions are well sought after in the P2P space, where there is fraud issues all over the place. All that, I think is a good starting point for us. If I just look back over the last two years where we certainly had a slowdown on the payments side in the macroeconomic overall and services carried the day very significantly very for us, so we’re just going to continue to push harder there. Then new flows, I gave you a whole range of examples earlier on how we are building out the new flows.  To just put some light onto commercial POS, this is existing tools that we have, we don’t need to build a lot for it. It’s a space that we haven’t penetrated significantly in the past, and we are ready and we’re going in. This is a $14 trillion opportunity that we are going after, which is payments diversification going on in addition to our services diversification. Earlier on, the stats on acceptance, just more places where people can spend, in the end people will spend even in a downturn. It doesn’t actually matter for us what they spend on, but if they spend on a Mastercard, we give them more opportunities to do so, so diversification is the name of the game.
Lisa Ellis: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll move next to Darrin Peller at Wolfe Research
Darrin Peller: Hey guys, thanks. Your model is clearly still showing benefits of inflation, and if you could just remind us again the sensitivity in the areas you see and the basis points-driven inflation in that, but also whether or not there’s any pricing changes you guys are interested in employing on the non-basis point side, whether it’s transactions or it’s services, probably more importantly, just given what we’ve seen, or if you’ve done so already. Then maybe just on a side note on that, on the other side would be the expense management and the willingness--just how willing you are on, for example, marketing to flex there if necessary. Thanks, guys.
Sachin Mehra: Hey Darrin, I’ll take that question. I guess to your point around inflation, look - persistent inflation for long periods of time which causes a shift in share of wallet away from carded categories into non-carded categories would be the one area I would actually flag as a potential headwind as it relates to our business model, but putting that issue aside, the reality is you’re very correct about the fact that we charge our basis points in cents per transaction, our basis points are [indiscernible] spend, and that reflects the impact of inflation in there.  The reality is, as we said in the past, part is inflation and inflation in carded categories, we are generally--you know, our business model accounts for that because depending on if it’s carded, it doesn’t matter, like Michael said, whether it’s happening in travel or it’s happening in food and clothing - those are carded categories, and you kind of get the benefit of that coming through.  As it relates to your question on expenses, we’ve always remained disciplined on expenses. A thing which we always keep in mind is a few things: one, we want to make sure that we’re investing in the long term growth of our business along the three strategic priorities which Michael talked about. We will continue to do that. That being said, as we demonstrated during the COVID environment, we do have the opportunity to flex our expenses, whether it’s around marketing, whether it’s around professional fees, whether it’s around T&E, it all is a function of making sure we are keeping an eye on the top line and keeping an eye on the bottom line while we’re actually delivering what we need to do from an expenses standpoint, and we’ll continue to do that going forward. The reality is we keep a close eye onto what are the things which are in demand from our customers, what is it that the consumer wants, and we are pulsing our expenses in that regard. An example would be, as you remember in COVID, when travel is out of favor, we started to pull back on A&M related to travel - it just didn’t make sense for us to be doing at that point in time, so we’ll remain flexible on that. Then, there are initiatives which we’ve got which are longer term initiatives which will pay off over many, many years in the future, where we have the opportunity to actually pulse the pace at which we’re incurring expenses on those, in the event we start to see a little bit of a slowdown in terms of top line. You asked the question on pricing. Our philosophy around pricing is very consistent as it’s always been: we price for the value we deliver, and our assumption from a pricing standpoint, whether it’s pricing in basis points or cents per transaction, is very tightly correlated to the value we’re delivering to our customers and to the end consumers and to our merchant partners, so all of that’s very consistent at the end of the day. We assume minimum net pricing net of rebates and incentives from a pricing standpoint.
Michael Miebach: Yes Darrin, I just want to add one point here, and that is looking back at the last two, two and a half years now, back to the second quarter of 2020 when revenue was severely impacted by a truly unprecedented event out there, so to the power of the levers that we have and the range of levers that we have to modulate our expenses - hiring, A&M, professional fees, T&E, market appetite and all of that, it just shows that we did not have to make any compromises when it comes to driving our strategic priorities. We pulled through on flows, we pulled through on services expansion and so forth. The model is wide and flexible - that helps us a lot, and as I look forward, there is optimism in how we’re going to navigate that. 
Darrin Peller: Thanks guys.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Harshita Rawat at Bernstein.
Harshita Rawat: Good morning. My first question, can you talk about online debit routing in the U.S.? The Fed very recently put out clarification of rules. If I recall correctly, last time you ended up gaining market share when Durbin was implemented, so how does it impact Mastercard with online debit routing? Thank you.
Michael Miebach: Hi Harshita, thanks for the question. There’s always something in debit routing going on, so here we have the clarification of the rule via the Fed. It takes all the way back to a decade ago, when there was this requirement to have two networks on every debit card, and basically what the Fed here clarified is that this is applying to whether it’s a debit transaction that’s made online or in stores, so pretty simple, pretty straightforward. Implementation by middle 2023, so we have some time, but we will be ready and we will be implementing. I think really what that does is we will just continue to compete with all the assets that we have in debit. I’m not really sure what this will do to the market, but we will certainly be there leveraging our technology to win more debit in the United States. 
Sachin Mehra: And Harshita, I’ll just add one additional comment to what Michael just said, which is, as you know, we’ve been investing pretty heavily in our services capabilities, some of which relate to cyber intelligence, and in an environment where our partners, whether it’s the merchants or the issuers, need more of our services to better manage their core capabilities in the online environment, we stand ready to do that as well.
Harshita Rawat: Thanks very much.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Tien-Tsin Huang at JP Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hey, thank you. Good morning. You mentioned nothing unusual on rebates and incentives, but I just wanted to ask, as I sometimes always do, with deal activity versus 90 days ago, any change there in issuer appetite to drive program growth versus maybe more disciplined growth on their side? Are there changes in timing of deals and implementation, things of that nature? Thanks.
Sachin Mehra: Sure Tien-Tsin, I can take that. Tien-Tsin, I think you know that we’ve been active in the marketplace. We’ve been winning share globally, and that’s just part of the strategy of what we want to do, which is on a disciplined, profitable basis - we want to win share and deliver more in the nature of services on that share to optimize and grow our overall network. I’ll start with that as kind of the headline. But on your specific question on Q4 on rebates and incentives, nothing unusual. It’s a rich pipeline. We continue to be active in the marketplace. We’re not seeing any changed behavior or patterns as it relates to how our issuing partners are in the marketplace, and we just remain active and that’s really the essence of what we’re seeing there.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Great, thanks for the update.
Operator: Next we’ll move to Ashwin Shirvaikar at Citi.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you. Hi Michael, hi Sachin. If I can ask about cross-border, now that we have seen some normalization in travel, if you could talk about how much more travel improvement there is yet to come in your view, and the mix of cross-border now that some normalization has happened as we look to travel versus non-travel. 
Sachin Mehra: Sure Ashwin, I can take that question. Firstly, I kind of mentioned that as we said in the last earnings call, we saw opportunity in terms of further recovery in travel. We saw some of that come through in our Q3 numbers. We still believe there is potential from a cross-border travel recovery standpoint, in particular in Asia-Pacific. I shared a metric about how Asia-Pacific inbound cross-border travel at approximately 76% in Q3 off 2019 levels, so that just goes to show there’s some more room to grow there. There are several markets in Asia-Pacific which still remain to be opened. Also, airlines are bringing more capacity back on. As you know from our personal experiences, getting seats on planes is hard and it’s expensive, and so the reality is all of that should be helpful in terms of the potential for cross-border travel recovery. The other point which I think you alluded to, Ashwin, is as it relates to the mix, and the mix is always so important because the mix of cross-border has not reverted back to historical mixes; so said differently, if you remember as we were going through COVID, we first saw a recovery take place in intra-Europe, and you know intra-Europe is generally lower yielding. We’ve recently been seeing a stronger growth pattern in ex intra-Europe cross-border, and so the reality is that mix is not back to the pre-pandemic levels at this point in time.
Michael Miebach: Just one thing to add, this isn’t exactly your question, but that whole space had been a focus for us pre-pandemic, during the pandemic, and now. While airlines were struggling with really no flights taking off, we were a strong partner and it showed in how the engagement with airlines and travel-oriented portfolios work now, so we stand well positioned to benefit from the trends that Sachin just talked about, on the services side as well as in the payments and co-brand side, so exciting space. I think our bets are paying off.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Rayna Kumar at UBS.
Rayna Kumar: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. You continue to see very strong growth in Latin America - 29% GDV growth in the quarter. Can you discuss some of the key drivers of that growth and how sustainable you think it could be going into 4Q and into 2023? Thank you.
Michael Miebach: Rayna, let me start off on that. Latin America, fascinating region for us, highly diverse from super well developed Brazil to markets at the other end of the spectrum, high travel markets with the Caribbean, Mexico, so you have all of that in the mix. It’s really interesting - when you peel the onion of it and you look at some of these markets and you compare them, two of the largest markets for example, Brazil and Mexico, if you look at the digital penetration in Mexico compared to Brazil, there is so much more potential to go, so there is upside in digitization. There is other issues that require some of our solutions. The region has experienced some fraud issues, generally in payments, so our safety and security solutions are in great demand and are a great driver for growth for us in the region while the underlying digitization continues, so you put those trends together, it’s all fairly attractive. Then I talked to you about our engagement in the crypto economy. If there is one place in the world where crypto is really in focus, it’s in that part of the world. Historic pain through high inflation and so forth, people were thinking crypto might be an answer. A lot of innovation in this space, so across all payments services and new payment flows and innovation, this is a region that has shown momentum for us.
Sachin Mehra: Yes Rayna, I’ll just bring to light one of the points which Michael talked about in terms of increased trends towards digitization. As it relates to our performance in Latin America in Q3 and going forward, the reality is we’ve been very focused on the conversion of Maestro to debit Mastercard, and this has been part of what we as a company have been doing for a very long time. You are seeing the fruits of that come through, because as you know, as you go down the path of converting Maestro to debit Mastercard, whether it’s a companion digital debit Mastercard or it’s an actual conversion of the card, now it becomes an enabler for online transactions, that digital trend which Michael is talking about. It’s all about us trying to enable those cards, and we’ve been seeing good migration state there from Maestro to debit Mastercard.
Operator: We’ll go next to Jason Kupferberg at Bank of America.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks guys, good morning. I want to see if you can unpack a little bit what you’re seeing in terms of consumer spending across different parts of Europe, and then Sachin, wanted to see if you could make just a quick comment around what you guys are envisioning, the potential FX headwind to revenue in 2023, just based on current rates. Thanks.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, so Jason, I’ll give you--on your first one, and then I’ll get into the FX question which you’re talking about. In terms of Europe, we continue to see good Mastercard performance in Europe. Remember in terms of what you are seeing in our metrics, you’re seeing not only what the underlying economies are doing but also the impact of our share growth which has been taking place in Europe. It’s kind of the amalgamation of all of that which is coming through. In terms of regional patterns, I would tell you that we’re not necessarily seeing any meaningful change in terms of trends across the continent, in terms of how the spending patterns are taking place. The consumer generally, back to our comment earlier around consumer being resilient and strength in consumer, that’s certainly the case.  Now, as you think about different markets, end markets like the U.K., we’re seeing stronger growth. A large part of that is being driven by the fact that we’ve had recent share wins in the U.K., and then there were share wins we’ve spoken about in the past in continental Europe which are still to come to effect, so for example we talked about our win with Deutsche Bank in Germany, that’s still to come to effect. Anyway, this is a mix of all of that which is kind of taking place at this point in time. On your question around FX, I shared with you in my prepared remarks what’s the annual impact on net revenue of a $0.01 change in the value of the euro would be relative to U.S. dollar, which is about $55 million on an annual basis. We wanted to put that out there so you have a sense on what the potential headwind or tailwind could be, depending on what happens with FX rates. The hard part is predicting FX rates, and so given the current mix of our business, that’s the sensitivity which I’d share with you as it relates to how you should think about what the impact could be for 2023.
Operator: We’ll go next to Tim Chiodo at Credit Suisse.
Tim Chiodo: Great, thank you for taking the question. I wanted to dig in a little bit on Mastercard Send relative to Visa Direct. I was wondering if you could call out for us and investors any of the different, maybe strategic focus areas, if there are any pricing differences, if there are any mechanical differences or maybe use cases where you seem to be getting traction relative to Visa Direct. That would be extremely helpful.
Michael Miebach: All right, let me take that. All Visa-related stuff, you should ask them, obviously, so I’m not going to do a direct comparison here, but I can tell you how we are thinking about it.  First of all, just earlier on I talked a lot about the crypto space. I’d just give you one example. Here is an interesting new technology and a growing ecosystem, and what’s the way to get out of your crypto wallet balances is you turn it into fiat and you use Mastercard Send. We were right on this from the first day and we have all the partnerships that do exactly that. Then you go around and basically there is new flows, there is geographies, there is use cases, so those are the dimensions on how we are looking at this. We are very systematic about it. This has to have ubiquity. We’re looking at all regions from a coverage perspective. We’re looking at the key use cases. We’re very selective of use cases because here, you could get lost in a thousand flowers bloom. The examples I gave to you on partnering with large global firms like AirBnB, that is the approach, where you’re going to say you partner with somebody that is in all the regions and covers the use cases which matter to people out there.  That’s essentially the approach on Mastercard Send. It has a domestic angle to it and it has a cross-border angle to it. It grows at significant rates, we’re very happy with it across all of these aspects that I just said.  One thing to add - earlier we were talking about the numbers ex-Russia, so Russia was a huge success on Send from day one. That’s in fact where a lot of our learnings came from. We exited Russia, as you know in March of this year, so that is skewing the numbers a little bit, but the learnings are not going away. We’re putting that into a whole set of other markets, and to the earlier question around Europe, particularly in Europe we see some of those learnings translate in other parts of Eastern Europe countries and so forth. 
Sachin Mehra: Just to add to what Michael said, particularly on the remittances side, we’re seeing very good traction take place in terms of cross-border remittances and the capabilities we’ve got there and the capabilities we’re building there. Our global reach out there is holding us in really good stead as it relates to how we are able to tap our partners to generate more and more volume down that path, so that’s a--it’s a bright spot in terms of the broad remittances piece as well.
Tim Chiodo: Excellent, thank you for all that context on Mastercard Send.
Operator: We’ll go next to Andrew Jeffrey at Truist Securities.
Andrew Jeffrey: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. Michael, I wonder if you could give us an update on your processing efforts globally, maybe with an emphasis in Europe, whether you’re taking share and winning business in processing and how you think that can affect over time both the net revenue yield and maybe the profitability of the business, too. 
Michael Miebach: Right, so Andrew, thanks for that question. You know, starting with Europe but then we could extend this conversation looking at the Middle East or at Asia, so we have processing assets in those parts of the world. Just to illustrate how this matters, there is obviously a whole new set of players that are entering the payment space whose prime raison d’être isn’t really to process, they want to have a great financial app, so they’re looking downstream for a whole set of solutions that complete what they do, make it relatively easy out of one hand, and that’s what we provide. This is really the explanation for some of our progress on the fintech side, on the neo-bank side. Those guys, where we have those partnerships, 70% win rate I’d like to add here, is really to a large extent coming down to our processing capabilities, which are state of the art, modern, fintech-oriented processing capabilities.  It’s been a joy for us to watch. In some parts of the world, we are doing partnerships, for example with Network International in parts of Africa and so forth, so it’s a combination of our own assets where we feel there is scale and differentiation, and sometimes it’s through partners. Overall, there is a good play here in processing and it’s one of the services that we have in our portfolio.
Sachin Mehra: I’ll just add some color as it relates to--beyond the processing fees, on our efforts around switching and the proportion of our total Mastercard branded transactions, which as you know, we’ve been pushing hard to actually get more switching share. The reality is that is working very nicely. We are seeing growth in our proportion of switch transactions, which now stands at greater than 60% of total transactions worldwide, and that’s super important. Particularly where we’re seeing improvements and progress is in Latin America and in Asia-Pacific, both of which have been generally low index markets from a switch transaction share standpoint in the past, so lots of good effort going on there and we are seeing good progress come through.
Andrew Jeffrey: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Keane at Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane: Hi, good morning. Sachin, just wanted to go through the yield improvements again. It sounds like it’s a lot of mix and some pricing in there. How do we think about the yield going forward into the fourth quarter and into next year? Do some comps get a little tougher as we get into next year for these yields? Thanks. 
Sachin Mehra: Sure. Bryan, what you’re seeing in the nature of yield improvement quarter-over-quarter, this is net revenue yield divided by GDV, you can attribute a large part of that to just mix. As you know, our inter cross-border has come back pretty nicely, and as that has come back nicely, that is high yielding and that gives us the benefit and the deal wins you are seeing on a sequential basis.  I will point out that as it relates to Q4, you should expect that the yield will decline some, which is very consistent with what you see every year. That is just the nature of how the business works, just because Q3 happens to be a large cross-border quarter and you tend to see the benefit of that come through, and Q4 you start to see some of that slow down. Now you asked a question about 2023. I would tell you, we as a business continue to remain very focused on driving and maximizing our net revenue yield, and there’s multiple factors which are going to influence that, some of which is the mix of cross-border domestic certainly, but also things around just like we just talked about, how we are increasing our proportion of switch transactions. The more switching we do, the greater the yield gets, and that’s what we’re focused on. How we talked about the shift from Maestro to debit Mastercard - again, lots of focus around that, and so we’re very focused around driving that.  All of which, when you overlay all the services we’ve been bringing to the market, you get the benefit of that coming through as well, so generally speaking as I look forward, I kind of feel like our focus as a business from a driving yield standpoint continues, and I don’t see anything necessarily which is going to change dramatically going into 2023 from a yield trajectory standpoint.
Michael Miebach: Yes, and Sachin just kind of explained the strategy again, and that’s what we’re trying. We’re trying to be in the payments transaction at profitable levels, but then use our services to continue to improve the overall revenue yield, and it’s that combination that makes us look at the future very optimistically.  I don’t really see anything changing here. These are the tools that we have, and we’re using them effectively.
Bryan Keane: Great, thank you both.
Operator: Next we’ll move to Ramsey El-Assal at Barclays.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi, thank you for taking my question. I had one on rebates and incentives, and more specifically kind of how the mix of those rebates and incentives has changed over the past several years. I guess the underlying question is, are you having to incentivize an expanding number of value chain players - fintechs, merchants to kind of support consistent growth? How is that mix of [indiscernible], how do you expect it to evolve in the future?
Sachin Mehra: Yes, so in terms of rebates and incentives, the mix in terms of how we are actually incentivizing to generate incremental revenue has not changed meaningfully. We’ve historically been more focused and we have actually delivered higher levels of rebates and incentives to our issuing partners, that continues to be the case as to where we are actually expending most of our rebates and incentives dollars, and that really hasn’t changed.  As it relates to the mix between rebates and incentives for domestic volumes versus cross-border, I’d say that mix also hasn’t really changed. As you know, cross-border has generally been indexed lower from a rebates and incentives standpoint, and that continues very much to be the pattern right now as well, Ramsey. 
Ramsey El-Assal: Okay, so pretty stable environment is what it sounds like.
Sachin Mehra: Yes, yes. For sure.
Ramsey El-Assal: All right, appreciate it. Thank you. 
Operator: We’ll move next to David Togut at Evercore ISI. Sir, you may have your line on mute, we’re not hearing you.
Warren Kneeshaw: Audra, maybe we can go to the next, please, and then we’ll see if we can get David back on.
Operator: Yes, we’ll move next to Bob Napoli at William Blair. 
Bob Napoli: Hi, thank you and good morning. Just would like an update on your B2B--your thoughts around the B2B payments market and the opportunities there. I know you called out a commercial POS of $14 trillion. What inning are we in? Any thoughts, any changes to that market, the growth of that market? Thank you. 
Michael Miebach: Right, yes. I’m really not into baseball analogies, so that’s why earlier I was talking about the first half of the game. But to your question very specifically, B2B, huge opportunity from a volume perspective. We called it out and we cut it down into very distinct types of flows at our investor day at the end of last year, so focus on B2B accounts payable on one hand, but there is other B2B flows which we’re very active in. For example, through all the illustrations I gave you earlier on virtual card use cases, virtual card is the current and most immediate answer to go after B2B flows. There is the commercial POS piece somewhere, which is kind of in an in-between space between B2B and small business, but that’s a huge space with a lot of cash and checks. You build it up over those into the accounts payable piece, and you know the long range vision that we have on accounts payable is really the Mastercard Track business payment service piece, where we say over time we’re building a two-sided network here. That continues to grow, but that takes time. But we have large players around the table - HSBC, JP and so forth, so that’s a good initiative for us, but for now, we are very active on virtual cards to solve the issues of buyers and suppliers in the space. We have not moved away from this by any stretch of the imagination. This is a huge opportunity and we’re going to go after it.
Bob Napoli: Thank you.
Warren Kneeshaw: Audra, I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: We’ll take that question from Jamie Friedman at Susquehanna Financial Group.
Jamie Friedman : Hi. Sachin, transaction processing fees increased 15%, but switched transactions increased 9%. I know you called out in your prepared remarks mix changes. I was just wondering if you can elaborate on that. Thank you.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, so there are a few things going on there, where our transaction fees are growing faster than the underlying driver, one of which is the mix change. Really, remember when we make cross-border revenues, we make cross-border revenues on a basis point basis as well as on a cents per transaction, and the component which is on basis points sits in cross-border volume fees, and then some component of cross-border related cents per transaction that sits in terms of number of transactions which we process, which sits in transaction processing fees, which is where the mix effect come through because as we’ve seen inter cross-border grow at a rapid pace, that’s contributing to that delta between what we are seeing in the revenue line and what we are seeing in the driver, because cross-border is higher yielding than is domestic.  There are a couple other factors which caused that differential as well. I talked about FX-related revenues and some level of pricing - those are the two other contributors which go into that, Jamie.
Jamie Friedman: Thank you.
Michael Miebach: All right, let me bring the call to a close. Thank you for your questions, and to all of our investors, thank you for your support.  This morning I sent a note to our colleagues here at Mastercard thanking them for a strong quarter, because they are the ones who make all of this happen, so a shout-out to them as always. With that, we’ll talk to you in the next quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Mastercard Inc. Q2 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  Thank you. Warren Kneeshaw, you may begin your conference.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, Julie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2022 earnings call. With me today are Michael Miebach, our Chief Executive Officer; and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Michael and Sachin, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I would like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of the earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I will now turn the call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Michael Miebach.
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Warren. Good morning, everyone. Starting with the key highlights for the quarter, we delivered strong revenue and earnings growth with further improvement in our underlying operating metrics, notably, in cross-border travel.  Quarter two adjusted net revenues were up 27% and adjusted operating income up 40% versus a year ago on a non-GAAP currency neutral basis excluding special items. On the macroeconomic front, we continue to monitor a number of factors that have both positive and negative influences on economic growth. Inflationary pressures have remained persistent and we are now seeing central banks taking even more aggressive steps to reduce inflation as we have seen in the Fed yesterday.  The situation is being compounded by geopolitical tensions and supply chain constraints, which has eased from pandemic peaks but remain in many industries. Despite this, unemployment rates remain low, wages are rising and consumer savings levels remain high. With this backdrop, consumer spending and particularly travel-related spending remains strong.  Looking at this from a geographic standpoint, U.S. retail spending remains healthy as consumers navigate a high inflation environment. Spending has been aided by strong job creation and the buildup of excess savings during the pandemic. According to our Mastercard spending pulse, which is based on all payment types including cash and checks, U.S. retail sales ex auto ex gas were up 6% in the second quarter versus a year ago. In Europe, spending trends are positive although the risks related to both the supply of natural gas and higher interest rates remain headwinds. Growth in Latin America continues to moderate following a strong rebound in 2021. Asia has generally lagged a recovery of other regions. While COVID-related requirements have been relaxed in several countries, strong restrictions remain in others. Asia continues to have significant upside potential.  Looking more specifically at our switched volume trends. Domestic volumes continue to show strong growth with notable strength in airlines, lodging, and restaurant spend. We’ve seen some shift in spends for the gas and groceries from discretionary categories like home furnishings in the U.S. Cross-border continues its strong recovery as border restrictions continue to be relaxed.  Cross-border travel in quarter two has now reached 118% of 2019 levels. Cross-border card not present ex-travel continues to hold up well.  Notwithstanding the strength in consumer spending, we will continue to watch the environment closely including fiscal and monetary policy responses to high inflation and their potential impacts on spending. Within this environment, we will continue to be nimble in managing our expenses. We have the flexibility to respond quickly across a number of levers as we showed in 2020.  Having said this, we will continue to invest in the business to drive top and bottom-line growth over the longer term. We have well-diversified business model and we are executing against our three key strategic priorities, expanding in payments, extending our services and embracing new networks. And here is an update on how we are progressing against each one of those.  First, we are expanding in payments by continuing to grow card volume, driving acceptance growth and leaning into innovation to capture other prioritized payment flows. We are driving growth in card volume with new consumer, small business, co-brand and travel wins globally.  In Canada, we are excited to announce that we secured a new partnership with CIBC that creates an opportunity for material share shift of Mastercard with the Bank. We also renewed our relationship with the Royal Bank of Canada including a range of services that will enable us to grow our proprietary and co-brand volumes with them.  In the U.S., we established a new partnership agreement with the U.S. Bank, which extends our current debit, credit, co-brand and small business credit programs. It includes several new products including the first large-scale launch of a consumer credit product, a small business credit offering and the development of Buy Now Pay Later installment solutions.  We are excited to announce that we have completed the conversion of Gap Inc.’s existing 10 million card members to Mastercard across the Old Navy Gap Banana Republic and Athleta brands. We renewed and expanded our co-brand with Brooks Brothers issued by Citi and we have renewed and expanded our co-brand with Barnes and Noble in partnership with Barclays.  Outside of North America, we have secured several new wins and renewals including a number of deals that position us well in Asia Pacific as the region rebounds from the pandemic. In Australia, we’ve expanded our partnership with Bendigo and Adelaide Bank Limited, enabling us to maintain exclusivity with Bendigo and convert several of their regional debit portfolios.  We are pleased to announce that National Australia Bank and Mastercard has signed an agreement to retain and grow the Mastercard components of Citigroup Australia’s consumer business that was acquired by NAB. This marks the first significant issuing relationship between the two companies in years and we look forward to partnering to grow these portfolios.  In Hong Kong, we partner with Citibank and HKT’s loyalty program and digital ventures arm, The Club to launch the Citi The Club credit card.  In India, we are happy to report that the embargo on new issues has been lifted. Issuers have restarted card issuance and they are eager to expand business with us. An example is Yes Bank where we signed a consumer credit agreement that will enable us to maintain a majority share and includes the commitment to scale our World Elite portfolio.  We worked hard to expand our travel-oriented portfolios which positions us well to capitalize on the strong recovery of travel. For example, in Asia Pacific we entered into a ten year commercial card issuance deal with Trip.com, one of the world’s largest online travel agency.  In the UAE, we renewed our co-brand portfolio with Marriott. In the U.S. we have renewed our longstanding co-brand relationship with Amtrak and we expanded our co-brand partnership with Virgin Atlantic in the UK, a partnership that will leverage our test and learn, innovation labs and SessionM loyalty assets.  We are also driving growth in payments by continuing to expand acceptance. Mastercard is now accepted at over 90 million merchant locations worldwide and we have more than doubled the number of acceptance locations over the last five years.  Mastercard has been driving tap on phone innovation enabling billions of active smartphones to become potential acceptance devices with over 130 deployments across 55 markets. This includes working with Apple to enable acceptance of Mastercard contactless cards and digital payments suited tap to pay on iPhone capability. This allows businesses to accept payments directly on their iPhones.  Mastercard is further empowering the ecosystem through our card commerce capabilities, which enables our channel partners to quickly deliver cost-effective acceptance. It also provides easy access to a range of payment solutions and services including tap on phone, QR, installments, loyalty, data insights and more via the Mastercard cloud.  In addition, we continue to drive adoption of our click to pay online guest checkout capability. Click to pay is now enabled in over 20 markets across all regions, attractions - transactions have been growing quarter-over-quarter.  We are expanding in payments through innovations like Mastercard Installments. Our open loop Buy Now Pay Later program has been very well received. Mastercard’s Installment is now soon to be live with Saudi National Bank and several new partners adding their support to the program. Examples include, Cross River Bank, Evolve Bank & Trust, Jifiti, Live Oak, MOCA Financials, and Web Bank in the U.S., as well as HSBC, Natwest and JPMorgan’s payments division in the UK. In addition, Apple recently announced Apple Pay Later, which uses the Mastercard Installments program.  Finally, we are driving growth in payments by leaning into innovation to capture a prioritized set of new payment flows including disbursements and remittances, commercial point of sale, B2B accounts payable and consumer bill pay. This is at the heart of the investments we’ve been making to develop a range of capabilities that span cards, account-to-account payments, push payments and blockchain.  We’re at various stages of scaling our capabilities across these different flows and we are making steady progress. For example, we are expanding network reach through new cross-border services relationships with partners like Doha Bank and Vodafone in Qatar and UPT, a leading money transfer operator in Turkey. We are targeting specific use cases and scaling distribution through B2B partnerships with Mastercard Send. A few examples, Caesars Sportsbook will leverage Send for instant payment of online winnings and Paysafe will integrate Mastercard Send into their payments platform to enhance the payout capabilities offered to their merchant customers in the UK and the EU.  Now turning to services, our services capabilities have proven to be a tremendous growth driver and differentiator for our business, build on a foundation of investments and experiences built over the years. Looking forward, we continue to see a significant opportunity for services in three primary areas. First, services will continue to enhance the value of payments.  Services make payment intelligent, safe and secure. For example, our identity check payment authentication service is driving double-digit improvements in the approval rates. We are working with PostePay in Italy to support the deployment of their issuing portfolio, assist in growing their acquiring business and enhance the customer engagement approach.  And our consulting team in Europe is engaging with ING to help them create a seamless payment experience for their clients.  Second, we see the needs of our customers expanding beyond payments. We can leverage our full suite of differentiated services to address these needs. A recent example is Travelodge, was utilizing our Test & Learn capabilities to support optimization of new investments in their business.  And third, our services can be deployed to support new networks making our open banking and digital identity propositions even stronger. With these adjacent networks it is our services that will enable us to establish a differentiated position to scale and win. For example, we recently launched a new biometric checkout program. The program outlines a set of standards from banks, merchants and tech providers helping to ensure the security and privacy of personal data when people pay with a smile or with a wave.  Beyond expanding in payments and expanding in services our third key strategic priority area is embracing new networks. As a reminder, our current focus is on two areas, open banking and digital identity. We are leveraging our Finicity and IR acquisitions to expand our open banking footprint, grow our customer base and deliver new solutions. This quarter we expanded our engaged partner network to include our open banking services with new fin-tech partnerships, including Dwolla, Synctera, i2c and others.  They can now use our open banking capabilities to easily build and implement solutions for their end-customers across a range of use cases. From lending to payments, to financial management. In addition, we recently launched the global Start Path open banking program. This program enables us to co-innovate with start-up fintechs like Dapi, Finantier, mmob, Mono, and Paywallet as we support their path to scale.  We have expanded our open banking product offering as well. We announced pay by link in Europe to allows business to send payment request through invoice, email, SMS, or social media chat. This can expedite the payment of invoices in a cost-efficient way and aiding both parties to better manage cash flows.  Online accounting provider Visma Dinero is using pay by link to simplify invoice payments for over 75,000 small and medium-sized businesses.  And in the digital identity space, Ekata continues its strong performance signing over 200 new deals and expansion since we acquired the company just over one year ago. This includes many of the leading Buy Now Pay Later and crypto companies. It also includes real-time payment software providers like ECI Worldwide who is leveraging encompassed capabilities to help their global merchant network more accurately to identify fraudulent transactions.  Both in banking and digital identity are attractive and growing opportunities and Mastercard is uniquely positioned to be successful in both.  So in summary, our business fundamentals remain strong. We delivered robust revenue and earnings growth again. We are executing against our strategic priorities in payments, services and new networks. We have fortified our strong position with travel-oriented portfolios to capitalize on the continued recovery in travel.  On the macroeconomic fronts, we continue to monitor on a number of factors influencing economic and spending growth. And with all of that, we will continue to manage our expenses carefully. That said, we will also continue to invest in the business to drive top and bottom-line growth over the longer term.  Sachin, over to you. 
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Michael. Now turning to Page 3, which shows our financial performance for the quarter on a currency-neutral basis excluding special items and the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments. Net revenue was up 27% reflecting the continued execution of our strategy and the ongoing recovery in spending. Acquisitions contributed one ppt to this growth.  Operating expenses increased 12% including a five ppt increase from acquisitions. Operating income was up 40% which includes a one ppt decrease related to acquisitions. EPS was up 40% year-over-year to $2.56, which includes a $0.05 contribution from share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased $2.4 billion worth of stock and an additional $448 million through July 25th, 2022. So, now let's turn to page four where you can see the operational metrics for the second quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV increased by 14% year-over-year on a local currency basis. On the same basis, if you exclude Russia from the prior period, GDV increased by 19%.  In the US, GDV increased by 10% with credit growth of 25% reflecting the recovery of spending on travel. Debit declined by 2%. Excluding the impact of a roll off of a customer agreement, debit increased by 1%. Outside of the US, volume increased 16% with a credit growth of 19% and debit growth of 13%. Cross-border volume was up 58% globally for the quarter, reflecting continued improvement in travel-related cross-border. Turning now to page five, Switched transactions grew 12% year-over-year in Q2. Excluding Russia from the prior year, Switched transactions grew 22% year-over-year in Q2. Card present and card not present growth rates remained strong. Card-present growth was aided in part by increases in contactless penetration in all regions when excluding Russia. In addition, card growth was 5% or 9% if you exclude cards issued by Russian banks from the prior year card comp. Globally there are 3 billion Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards issued. Now, let's look to page six for the highlights on the revenue line items, again described on a currency-neutral basis excluding special items unless otherwise noted. The increase in net revenue of 27% was primarily driven by domestic and cross-border transaction and volume growth, as well as growth in services partially offset by growth in rebates and incentives. Acquisitions contributed approximately two ppt to this growth. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items, domestic assessments were up 13% while worldwide GDV grew 14%. Cross-border volume fees increased 16% while cross-border volumes increased 58%. The three ppt difference is primarily due to favorable geographic mix. Transaction processing fees were up 22% while switched transactions grew 12%. The ten ppt difference is primarily due to favorable mix and FX-related revenues and pricing. Other revenues were up 23% including a three ppt contribution from acquisitions. The remaining growth was driven by our Cyber & Intelligence and Data & Services solutions. Finally, rebates and incentives were up 23% reflecting the strong growth in volumes and transactions and new and renewed deal activity. Note, rebates and incentives as a percentage of gross revenue is higher relative to Q1 2022 primarily due to volumes and related revenues generated from a sizable customer in Russia in Q1 with no related incentive agreement on such volumes.  Moving now to page 7. You can see that on a currency-neutral basis total operating expenses increased 12% including a five ppt impact from acquisitions. Excluding acquisitions, the remaining increase was primarily due to increased spending on personnel to support the continued execution of our strategic initiatives as well as unfavorable foreign exchange related expenses due to the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities.  Turning to page 8. Let's discuss the operating metrics for the first three weeks of July. For your reference to help you understand the trends in the business ex-Russia, we have included an appendix later in this deck, we show all the data points from this schedule if you excluded activity from Russian-issued cards from prior periods. As a general comment, our metrics are holding up well in July.  Going forward however, the year-over-year growth metrics will face tougher comps as we begin lapping periods when COVID-related restrictions eased and spending levels started to rebound.  Going through the metrics in turn, starting with switch volumes, for the first three weeks of July, we grew switch volumes 18% year-over-year, down three ppt versus Q2. Switch transactions grew 10% year-over-year through the first three weeks of July and down two ppt from Q2.  Overall cross-border volumes through the first three weeks of July grew 54% year-over-year, down four ppt versus Q2. Cross-border travel had another quarter of strong growth as border restrictions continue to be lifted. In the first three weeks of July, cross-border travel was up 89% year-over-year, down 55 ppt versus Q2 due to more difficult year ago comps as I just noted.  Cross-border travel is now at a 126% of 2019 levels, up eight points versus Q2. Cross-border card-not-present excluding travel was up 16% year-over-year in July, the increase of 9 ppt compared to Q2, reflects a reduced headwind from crypto purchases and the timing of significant e-com promotional activity between the periods. This metric continues to hold up well in relation to 2019 levels.  Turning to Page 9, I want to share our thoughts on the remainder of 2022. Let me start by saying that we have strong momentum with our customers, we continue to enhance our products and service offerings and that our business fundamentals remain very strong. Consumer spending remains robust, and cross-border travel has improved more quickly than expected as border restrictions ease and consumers increase their spending towards travel. And there is more room to prove as – borders remain either restricted or yet to recover to historical levels of growth.  For instance, based on our switched volumes, Asia, which represented approximately 14% of cross-border inbound travel in 2019 is only at approximately 60% of 2019 levels in Q2. Similarly, the U.S., UK and Canada, which represented approximately 20% of cross-border inbound travel in 2019 is at about 110% of 2019 levels, still well below the historical trajectory.  Specifically, if inbound travel to these three countries had continued to grow at the historical three-year CAGR through [Indiscernible] we would have expected to be at approximately 135% of 2019 levels rather than approximately 110%. We are well-positioned to capitalize on this growth with our travel-oriented portfolios.  As Michael mentioned, there are a number of macroeconomic factors that could influence future economic growth, employment and wage levels, consumer savings levels, persistent and elevated inflation and rising interest rates and geopolitical tensions in particular. We are monitoring each of these, but on balance, expect a modest improvement in cross-border travel versus 2019 levels and a generally resilient consumer spending through the remainder of 2022.  Taking this all into account, including our well-diversified business model, we are increasing our expectations for net revenue growth for the full year 2022 to a low 20s rate on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. Acquisitions are forecasted to add about one ppt to this growth, while foreign exchange is expected to be a headwind of five to six ppt for the year, primarily due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus the euro.  It is worth highlighting that this performance is despite the cessation of our Russia operations in Q1. For the year, we expect operating expenses to grow at the low end of a low-double-digit rate on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. This reflects continued investment in our people and strategic priorities, as well as impacts from FX-related expenses primarily due to a remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities.  Acquisitions are forecasted to add about four ppt to this growth, while foreign exchange is expected to be a tailwind of approximately three to four ppt for the year. We are prepared to quickly adjust our operating expense base as we did in 2020 should circumstances dictate. With respect to the third quarter of 2022, year-over-year net revenue is expected to grow at the high end of a high teens rate, again on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. Sequentially, this reflects continued strong consumer spending, including a modest improvement in cross-border travel spending trends relative to 2019, reduced FX-related revenues as a result of lower anticipated FX volatility and finally, the lapping of a stronger year ago quarter as the recovery took hold last year.  Acquisitions are forecasted to add about one ppt to this growth, while foreign exchange is expected to be a headwind of approximately seven to eight ppt for the quarter. From an operating expense standpoint, we expect Q3 operating expenses to grow at the high end of a low-double-digit rate versus a year ago on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items.  Acquisitions are forecast to add about five ppt to this growth. Foreign exchange is expected to be a tailwind of approximately five ppt for the quarter. Other items to keep in mind, on the other income and expense line, we are at an expense run rate of approximately $115 million per quarter given the prevailing interest rates. This excludes gains and losses on our equity investments, which are excluded from our non-GAAP metrics and finally, we expect a tax rate of between 19% and 21% in Q3, which includes a discrete tax item related to an unfavorable court judgment, the details of which we are still assessing. We expect a tax rate of approximately 19% in Q4. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Warren.
Warren Kneeshaw : Thank you, Sachin. Julie, we are now ready for the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Harshita Rawat from Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Harshita Rawat: Hi, good morning. So, Mike or Sachin, can you comment on the media reports yesterday that a potential bill for introducing routing choice for credit cards? I know the Durbin amendment for debit has market share, how could a credit routing choice, how could be implemented given many alternative networks don't have those capabilities?  And then finally, just taking a step back, can you talk about routing decisions for merchants that why they choose Mastercard or might choose Mastercard where they have a choice of alternatives? Thank you.
Michael Miebach : Harshita, let me start off with that. This is – so we read the same article. Clearly, it's early stages because we haven't seen the bill yet. So we are all speculating here, I think what might happen. So we'll engage. We'll try to find out more over the weeks and months to come. But if you just assume for a moment that the article would be complete, and this would actually happen a few things come to mind that are straightforward from our perspective.  First of all, we believe in competition, we believe in a level of competitive landscape and playing field and we’ve invested massive amounts in safety and security and we focus on providing consumer choice, different ways of pay, credit, debit, whatever it is. So that's been our strategy. So we are going to look at this proposal – proposed bill through that end.  So that's one – that's a starting point for us. Some of the questions that you touched on, some points here. What are practicalities, what are the technical aspects of this, how many providers are ready that have made the same kind of investments to really ensure that the consumer can rely on safety and protection and so forth. Those are open questions. We'll have to see what the regulation actually foresees.  Overall, the concept of interchange is a balancing factor and the ecosystem is one that has served the ecosystem including the consumers well in terms of rich propositions and all of that and we'll have to see what – becomes out of that. Those are a whole range of questions that we've talked about over years that need to be considered by all stakeholders. And we will spend the time and the effort to ensure that everybody is well informed about the puts and takes around this proposed bill.
Harshita Rawat: Thank you. 
Warren Kneeshaw: Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Sakhrani : Thanks. Good morning. Sachin, you talked about what's being baked into your forward view on cross-border being a modest improvement in cross-border, but you talked also about the long runway you still believe you have in terms of cross-border. Could you just help us think about what's factored in versus what practically can happen as we look forward? Thanks. 
Sachin Mehra : Sure, Sanjay. So, what I shared was that we are thinking ahead in terms of cross-border travel seeing a modest improvement relative to 2019. And as you can see in our metrics, cross-border travel in Q2 was at a 118%. And in the first three weeks of July is at 126%. Without getting too specific as to what exactly we are kind of building in that, but that the point we've got is the following: we expect a modest improvement in travel when indexed back to 2019, and it's predicated on certain data points.  And the data points are, if you think about what's gone on in Asia Pacific, we've talked about how Asia Pacific from a cross-border travel standpoint has been lagging and has historically not come back over the last few years since COVID hit in the same way, say, as intra-Europe has come back. In fact, I shared with you the metrics as to where we stand from an inbound cross-border travel standpoint in Asia Pacific.  So there is a lot of room to grow there. We think that that opportunity exists. Markets in Asia Pacific, such as Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, even Japan, they've started to open up and actually have opened up fairly well. The one thing which we have always taken comfort in is that the fundamentals of cross-border travel and on cross-border in total remain very sound.  When people have the ability to travel, they have demonstrated their intent to travel. And I think we've got enough data points now over the last 18 months to suggest that when barriers towards travel are lifted, people get on the road again. And so if you think about that and you think about the context of what's going on in Asia and the potential there, we've got opportunity there. But even beyond Asia, there are several other corridors such as the U.S., UK and Canada, which still have not reached their historical growth levels. They are higher than their 2019 index levels from an inbound standpoint but there is still more room to grow. So we've kind of built all of that in our thoughts for the rest of the year.
Michael Miebach : I'd like to just add to that, I find travel is such a fascinating topic and certainly very central to our business. There has been a [Indiscernible] of pent-up demand like this is going to be a bubble and then it's all going to go back to where it was during the last two years. Why would anybody that has now has the chance to see their family and their friends again stop doing that in a year from now.  So I think that actually doesn't make any sense. So we believe exactly the point that Sachin just made, if there is a possibility people will continue to travel the way they have been before COVID. One other thing to add is, one thing is the underlying trend that we have built in our outlook on the data points that Sachin just talked about, but it's also to strengthen our position vis-a-vis that travel trend.  All the portfolios, we talked to you about American Airlines, about JetBlue, about Cathay Pacific, everything that we have won in the last two years is going to really come to bear to really make the most of this.
Warren Kneeshaw: Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Rayna Kumar from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Rayna Kumar : Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. During the 2008, 2009 recession, Mastercard generated solid revenue and earnings growth and I'm curious to know what you think has changed the most about Mastercard since then, that could help you generate positive results through another potential economic downturn, even if you're not seeing it right now. Thank you.
Michael Miebach : Right, Rayna. I think the last word, as you said, is instructive as we are not seeing it right now, generally resilient consumer spending for the time being and we talked about the modest improvement in cross-border and same - spending behaviors until the end of last year. Now you're taking us really a long time back in 2008 and 2009.  I think the first thing I would say is it's a very different scenario. A scenario that we're looking at externally, that I come to the company in a moment, externally is we are not having a crisis around unemployment. We're having high consumer spending levels. So we don't have an asset bubble that looks anything similar than what we've seen at that time.  So a different starting point. I would say it's a somewhat more benign starting point than we had at that time. Now the company also looks entirely different than it looked in 2008 and 2009. It's a much more diversified business. It's a highly diversified business. I think we were largely consumer credit debit oriented at the time.  We have a whole range of card-based spending from push payments into general payments for goods and services, opening up new verticals and so forth and then there is our progress into new flows. So that gives us resilience on underlying payments. It also – our reach of our business model and how many payment transactions we touch that allow us to build a set of service on it looks entirely different.  Our switching ratios at that time were much, much lower than they are today, which has led to a very successful services business, which we have seen in the last two years is actually quite resilient when you go into – through up and down cycles. And as we continue to build into the future to see whenever we might face a down cycle, are we more resilient with other activities around digital identity and open banking and so forth that go into a world of open banking and move even further before or after the payment transaction to give us more resilience.  So, better earnings quality, higher diversification and we've been tested. We've been tested over the last two years. I mean there was a down cycle and we needed to demonstrate agility and the speed and managing our expenses, make the right investment decisions. So we feel we're well positioned to navigate what's going to – whatever is going to come. Hopefully, it's positive.
Operator: Your next question comes from Darrin Peller from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. 
Darrin Peller : Thanks guys. What's the investment that makes services to continue to pay off and I think to your point, it underscores that your customer base is still really spend on some of those areas. Can you just talk about what you are seeing in terms of the strength there and what kind of resilience you'd expect those to have in different economic scenarios?  And then, Sachin, just one quick one on processing yields. It came in a lot better than our estimated relative to transaction growth, processing revenue line up. You mentioned pricing other variables. Can you just talk about sustainable spread? Thanks guys.
Sachin Mehra : Yes. Darrin, happy to take the second question first. I must say you were breaking up on the first part of your question, so we might ask you to just – kind of state that again. But on your second part of the question, what you are seeing in transaction processing growth rates relative to the growth in switch transactions is exactly like I said, the thee things kind of going on there, right?  The favorable mix piece, which I talked about, the higher FX-related revenues and then there is some elements of pricing. Look, I mean, the reality is we're operating in an environment in which you've seen a few things happen. One is the mix has shifted towards a more cross-border and you know we make cross-border fees both in the cross-border volume fees line, as well as in switch transactions.  So, sometimes that's kind of an overlooked element, but that's an important piece to keep in mind that we do make cross-border fees on the transaction processing line. And as the shift has gone towards more cross-border, that's helped us. Number two is, there is high levels of volatility in the foreign exchange markets.  We delivered some very important services when we do switching of transactions and when we do the settlement of those transactions. In a highly volatile FX environment, it's actually worked in our favor. And on pricing, the baseline is the following, which is at the end of the day, we continue to deliver value to the ecosystem. And as we put value out into the ecosystem, we price for that value.  And what you're seeing there is exactly that come through, which is, we are reflecting that in the nature of pricing. You'll see puts and takes in different quarters in terms of what we may or may not do in terms of pricing, depending on what we believe is the value we're delivering, as well as what the market's appetite to accept that is, and that's what you're seeing through there.
Darrin Peller : Okay. That’s helpful.
Michael Miebach : Could you repeat your first question?
Sachin Mehra : Yes, that's much better.
Darrin Peller : Yeah, thanks. I was just trying to figure out the value-added services, the new flows, all the areas that are driving other revenues, obviously, are continuing to trend very well. And I mean, if you could just revisit what do you think are the top two or three drivers there? And what kind of sustainability in different macro scenarios you'd expect for that? Just it looks like the investments you made there are clearly paying off. Think we're just wondering on the cyclicality of this. Thanks again guys.
Michael Miebach : Alright. Good. So, what we're seeing here is, first of all, on the backdrop, let's just pick up on the structural changes, again, that we have seen over the last two years. Clearly driven by social distancing measures are up a significant push into more digital engagement by consumers. They were sitting at home, so all that. It's a more digital world.  So here, services that helped make a more digital world safer and more easily understood. That's really the general thrust of what's driving the growth and the interest from our customers across established customer sets, as well as new ones earlier, I talked about travel watches. People come to us and say, hey, I want to use all of that data to get a better understanding of my business. So, taking it one-by-one, safety security, anything in the fraud space and in the authentication space has been a joy for us. You go further into cyber risk assessments. Our small business is safe.  Those many small businesses that have opened up in a more digital fashion now over the last two years and you go all the way into digital identity because in a more digital world, people find to have more passwords and nobody wants – really wants that. So digital identity is now a solution that's really taking hold. So that's that whole space.  And you saw us – actually doesn't stop at current types of payments. So the last thing I should add is our acquisition of CipherTrace and how we are going into the crypto space, making that safer as that is certainly something that captures consumers' interests, one space.  The second piece is what do you do with all of that data, retail and commerce, travel logic, I give you one example, many other customers are trying to understand how to make – run their business better using the payments data that is thrown off and we helped them with that. Our Dynamic Yield acquisition is one of them, where we help customers, retail and commerce customers engage their customers, their end customers in a more targeted fashion.  I imagine a landing page that now has personalized offers. In our case, always with strong consent from consumers and a focus on data privacy. So those are the two headlines. We do various other things and services from consulting into processing-related activities and so forth, but that's centered across.
Sachin Mehra : And Darrin, I'll just add as it relates to how we see the other revenue line item and services, in particular to what Michael was talking about, look, we see really good demand from the customers, and we see good growth potential there. The reality is we are doing deeper penetration of those services with our existing customer base.  We're expanding the set of services we've got across our customer base and the third element, we're actually taking those same services and moving across to the new network side of things as well. And Michael alluded to one part of that when he was talking about what we do in the CipherTrace, but more broadly, even in open banking, for example.  So the potential is there and we do expect that given the suite of services we've got, there is good growth potential going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lisa Ellis from MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead. 
Lisa Ellis : Alright. Good morning. Thanks guys. Good stuff here. I wanted to ask a question about some of the news related recently to the CFPB, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau looking into stand-alone service providers, both in the P2P space. So, meaning the fraud issues we've seen in Zelle and other private P2P services and then also on the BNPL side, looking at the stand-alone providers there with the marketing and kind of risk management that they are doing.  Can you just comment on how Mastercard is kind of positioned relative to the areas they are looking into? Is this an opportunity for Mastercard to perhaps play a larger role with Mastercard Send in P2P and with MasterCard Installments in the NPL? Thank you.
Michael Miebach : Thank you, Lisa. So let me start off on that. Where the consumer protection agency here in the U.S. and some other markets are going is really to ensure that there is the right kind of protections for consumers that goes all the way from responsible lending to safety, security and so forth.  We follow that. But if I look just in-house and see what we are doing, if I look at our data principles, what we have done around the Mastercard Installments program to ensure that the participating lenders go through a vetting process and follow responsible lending rules that we have set as part of our franchise, we feel well positioned.  I feel we are a good industry custodian to ensure that these responsible practices are being held around. Now is that also an opportunity for us in all of this? Absolutely. We have learned to partner with P2P systems in many countries around the world with safety and security solutions. The services I actually just talked about when we say, hey, you have a fraud issue, we get it.  Here's a set of answers that we have for you to partner and in other markets, we compete head-on because we simply believe we have the better solution and players not necessarily always want to partner with us. So it's a bit of a mix, give and take, but it's an interesting and dynamic field that we are very focused on.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Tien-Tsin Huang : Hey. Thank you so much. Thanks for going through all of this. I heard the CBIC when – I am just curious how deal activity is going? Are the known conversions that you have proceeding in a timely way? I don't know if there's been any change given some of the macro uncertainty there?  And then also Sachin, would you mind just rehashing the FX-neutral OpEx numbers again? Are you changing your underlying investment strategy or inflation assumptions given what we've learned around the macro? Thank you.
Michael Miebach : Tien-Tsin, let me start off with the deal activity. The momentum that we have seen over the last two years throughout the pandemic, where we lean with our customers and say, hey, what do you need and these are tough times? I think we set ourselves up as a trusted partner and help to shape that deal pipeline that we currently see, which is very strong.  Deal pipeline is strong across all regions and we gave you a few examples today from – we haven't talked much about Canada lately. So these are strong wins. This is excellent. Some of the very significant wins we talked about over a year ago in Europe when you think about NatWest, Deutsche Bank, the multi-regional deal that we have with Santander, they are progressing according to plan.  The conversions are going on. I mentioned very specifically back to United States. The GAP conversion is actually done on those 10 million cards. So overall, we talked to you at the Investor Day in November last year that we see share growth across all of our carded products and we continue to feel very good about that.  So momentum, it's competitive out there, of course. But I think the mix of what we have in various payment solutions, as well as services sets us apart. We've also relooked at how we deploy our sales resources across the company with all the acquisitions that we have so that we can do the best possible work for our customers. So overall, strong momentum that I think will continue.
Sachin Mehra : Yes, Tien-Tsin, on your question as it relates to the outlook for the full year 2022 on OpEx, so, on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions, we are guiding along the following lines, which is on OpEx that we expect to come in on a full year basis at the low end of the low-double-digits range.  And just to remind you on what we're talking about OpEx on the revenue side, also, we have changed our full year guide and our revenue, again, on a non-GAAP growth basis, currency-neutral, excluding acquisitions, is now at the low 20s rate, which is higher than what we had shared with you previously.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Togut from Evercore. Please go ahead. 
David Togut : Thank you. good morning. Among your largest geographic regions, Europe continues to generate the greatest payment volume outperformance versus our model. You underscored a number of geopolitical and economic risks for Europe. Going forward, especially as we head into the winter, can you talk through Mastercard's growth algorithm, what that might look like in a significant economic slowdown in Europe?  Historically, you've been a big share gainer there, particularly against the national payment networks. You've got the secular shift working in your favor, but, if you could just kind of talk through your thought process, that would be much appreciated.
Michael Miebach : Alright, let me start, and then Sachin can chime in. So David, as a matter of fact is Europe is not homogenous. That's the first thing I would say. When you look at where we are on the arc of the secular shift, it's very different. So there is lots of opportunity across the board from further digitization. The opportunity to go beyond P2M and sets of flows is wide open in Europe.  The push of the European authorities to digitize beyond just in-store payments and online payments is significantly there. We are well-positioned with our tools in Europe, which is pushing on open banking, which is pushing on open on account-to-account, which is pushing bill pay solutions. So we have all of that in a hop. So we feel that there is significant opportunity. And as I said before, there is uncertainty on the European macroeconomic front. But on the other hand, macroeconomic GDP overall economy and our baskets are two different things, and we'll have to kind of see how that will play out. I can't really predict that. I am from there, so I have a sense, but I am not in the business of predictions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ramzey El-Assal from Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Ramsey El-Assal : Hi, thanks so much for taking my question. I had wanted to ask about some of the longer term drivers of rebates and incentives. It seems like today or not it seems like today, rebates and incentives as a percentage of gross revenues are several hundred basis points higher than they were in 2019. I guess the question is, is the mix and the mix-related drivers of that increase are very clear.  But as we move forward over the next couple of years and your mix normalizes, should we see downward pressure on the rebates and incentives as a percentage of gross revenues? Or is this something where this new baseline is sort of here to stay? And if that's the case, maybe give us some reasons why?
Sachin Mehra : Sure. So Ramzey, I'll take that one. So, look, I mean, I think you're well aware about the fact that rebates and incentives are influenced by a number of factors, right? Some of which you alluded to, which is what's going on from a volume growth rate, what's going on from a mix standpoint, how the pipeline of new deals are looking, you take all of that into consideration.  But the reality is, if you just think about where we are from a mix standpoint, particularly on cross-border between where we were pre-pandemic and where we are today, we've still not gone back to the historical mix levels from a cross-border to domestic volume standpoint. So as that reverts back to the mean and when I say the mean, means closer to what the pre-pandemic levels where you would expect to see some benefit of that come through in rebates and incentives versus growth - as a percentage of growth, you would see that come through.  But the reality is there are other countervailing factors which are also taking place, right, which is a function of what the pipeline of deals looks like, what the timing around that is, but – the basic premise is correct, which is as more cross-border happens, you're going to see a benefit come through in rebates and incentives as a percentage of growth.
Ramsey El-Assal : Got it. Thank you so much. Appreciated.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan [Indiscernible] from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys. Good morning. I just wanted to ask a clarification, Sachin, on the OpEx, the non-GAAP growth, currency-neutral ex acquisitions that went up from high-single-digits originally. I think it was last quarter that you guided to that for the year to low end of low-double-digits. So, I guess, why the increase in OpEx?  And is it just taking the opportunity to invest more due to the strength of the topline but any color maybe on where some of those investments might be going with the additional expense? Thanks. 
Sachin Mehra : Sure, Bryan. So a couple of things which are – you're right. We had previously guided to high-single-digits and now are guiding to low end of low-double-digits on this non-GAAP metric on OpEx. Couple of things going on.  One is we have taken foreign exchange-related losses on the remeasurement of our assets and liabilities during the first two quarters, order of magnitude about $70 million and you'll see all of this in our reports, which we've kind of publicly put out there. So that's certainly impacting it. And then a couple of other things which, to me, are more critical, which is we continue to invest in the long-term growth of our business, that which includes investing in our people.  In a hot talent market, we want to make sure we've got the best people. We want to be there. In terms of having those best people help us execute on what we've laid out as our strategic priorities, which is what we're doing right here. We've always kind of followed the philosophy of let's keep an eye on the top-line and then kind of pulse as to what we want to do from an expense and investment standpoint and that's the philosophy we're following. We'll continue to follow that philosophy going forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dave Koning from Baird. Please go ahead. 
David Koning : Yeah. Hey guys. Thanks so much. And I guess my question is on cross-border yields. One thing that was interesting this quarter, intra-Europe cross-border grew faster than non-intra-Europe for the first time in a long time and yield was up regardless. So it seems like the last few quarters, mix helped a lot, but now there it seems like another driver on top.  I guess is that right? Maybe what's that other driver? And should we get faster growth in non-intra-Europe kind of in coming quarters?
Sachin Mehra : Sure, David. So you are right in terms of what the mix shift between inter and intra was this quarter versus last quarter. I think there are a few things to keep in mind. That's the mix shift between inter and intra. But there's also within the world of inter what are the corridors, which are coming back versus the corridors which have not come back, right?  And as you started to see more of the higher-yielding corridors come back, that's actually helping us in providing us the tailwind we are talking about right here. So, for example, you've got markets – it’s like inbound into the U.S. as that starts to come back, you start to see the benefit of that come through markets like Asia, inbound into Asia, you'll start to see the benefit of that come through. 
David Koning : Yeah. Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Kupferberg from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Jason Kupferberg : Good morning, guys. Wanted to get your perspective on just the relative health of the lower-income consumer versus higher income? And then, if you can just make some remarks about how we should think about rebates and incentives for Q3 and Q4? Thank you.
Sachin Mehra : Sure, Jason. So, on your first question, here is what we're seeing actually. Overall, the consumer and consumer spending patterns are very healthy. And again, you've got to parse this data out between what we see in the U.S. versus what we see in the rest of the world, right? And different people have different definitions on what is lower income versus what is the affluent.  But let's just start kind of that as the frame. In the U.S., what you are seeing is, good strength across both, but a declining trend in terms of the growth rates on the lower income side of things. Affluent spend continues to be very healthy and carries on in a very nice way. Outside of the U.S., we are not seeing much in the nature of a shift between now, the affluent category spending versus what the lower income category spending.  So the benefits of what we've got in Mastercard by being a diversified business and being diversified from a geographical standpoint is actually helping us very nicely because independent of what happens in one market versus the other, the value of what we got across the globe comes through in terms of spend levels here And then your second question was around rebates and incentives. Look, I just talked about things which influence revising incentives. So I won't kind of belabor that point. What I'll share with you is the following that we expect that incentives as a percentage of growth will be roughly similar in Q3 to what we saw in Q2.
Jason Kupferberg : Thank you.
Sachin Mehra : Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Napoli from William Blair. Please go ahead. 
Bob Napoli : Thank you and good morning. I just wanted to follow up on a lot of your comments on the open banking, digital ID and your investments there. Can you maybe give some color on what you feel like the revenue TAM is for those businesses? And what type of – where you see the most opportunity, what the kind of the growth trajectory is of those businesses? 
Michael Miebach : Right. So open banking, let me start off more generally speaking. So clearly, a global trend, one that's to stay. It's happening in Brazil. It's happening in Australia, certainly was there in the United States and Europe. The way we approach it is, first of all, we have a relevant position in connectivity and then building out a bunch of use cases.  And the use cases that would get really to the heart of your question, you see very different types of kind of revenue models, value exchange models. First of all, on connectivity itself, you have per API call kind of logic. If you go into financial management solutions and it depends on who's our customer here, let's say it's a fintech that could again be by API.  But you could start to see as we go into lending, mortgage verification, asset verification, kind of use cases. Those are kind of – that's the broad range of currently what we're seeing no established model at this point in time. I mean, we are investing heavily Aiia, Finicity because we feel there is a tremendous opportunity.  This is – it's going to help to pull so many new customers into – consumers into the ecosystem, on the financial inclusion side, on the SME side and so forth. So, hard to answer very specifically right now where we are, but those are those kind of different kind of models and it's going to be multi-geography and it's going to be here around to stay.
Sachin Mehra : And I'll just add to that a couple of thoughts. One, I think defining any sort of TAM in open banking at this point in time will just be an incorrect. We'll be looking for precision where it doesn't exist because use cases are still to develop. So I think, what we see is tremendous potential with what Open Banking does by providing us access to an alternative network. It's a data network, which comes with its own sets of use cases.  The second point I'll bring out is regardless of whether it's open banking or digital ID or all of our services. We think about that in the context of the revenues they generate for Mastercard, the company, but it's really important to remember that all of this is one big circular wheel. Our open banking assets power our payments, our services power our payments. So there is the collateral advantage, which comes through by virtue and being in all of these spaces, which trickles down to all parts of our business.
Bob Napoli : Thank you.
Michael Miebach : Alright. Thank you. So much for that last question, exciting space. We are going to close the call now. We are at the top of the hour. Appreciate your time this morning. Do want to thank our 24,000 colleagues around the world and I want to thank all of you who have joined us today for your continued support for Mastercard. Talk to you in a quarter. Thank you so much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the First Quarter 2022 Mastercard Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today Mr. Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations. Please, go ahead.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, Jameria. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2022 earnings call. With me today are Michael Miebach, our Chief Executive Officer; and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Michael and Sachin, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I would like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of the earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I will now turn the call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Michael Miebach.
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Warren. Good morning, everyone. Russia's invasion of Ukraine marked a somber start to 2022, as war returned to Europe for the first time in decades. Given these extraordinary circumstances, we decided to suspend our business operations in Russia. We did not take this decision lightly, given that Mastercard has operated in Russia for more than 25 years. We are now focused on the orderly suspension of business operations in Russia and supporting the well-being of our employees and their families across the whole region. Even in the context of this challenging geopolitical environment, we're off to a strong start in 2022. We delivered robust revenue and earnings growth with further improvement in our underlying operating metrics, notably in cross-border travel. Quarter one adjusted net revenues were up 27% and adjusted operating income up 40% versus a year ago on a non-GAAP currency neutral basis. On the macroeconomic front, consumer spending remains strong, particularly as economies across the globe continue to reopen and pandemic-related restrictions are lifted. Labor markets are firm, with low unemployment rates and rising wages. Weighing against this healthy backdrop are a number of factors that they are monitoring, including inflationary pressures, supply chain constraints geopolitical uncertainties and COVID with infection rates. We're monitoring these developments including the fiscal, monitory, public health care and other policy responses. Let's look at this from a geographic standpoint. US retail spending remains healthy, aided in part by the buildup of excess savings during the pandemic. According to our quarter one spending pulse report, which is based on all payment types, including cash and check, US retail sales ex-auto, ex-gas were up 4.7% versus a year ago. In Europe, spending trends are positive, although the invasion of Ukraine has introduced risks to economic growth looking ahead. Growth in Latin America continues to moderate, following a strong rebound in 2021. Asia has generally lagged the recovery of other regions. We're seeing several countries relaxing COVID-related restrictions, like others are facing stronger measures. Asia continues to have significant upside potential. Looking at Mastercard spending trends, we continue to see strong growth. Domestic switched volumes or strength across a broad range of sectors including retail, utilities and professional spend. We also saw strong growth in travel and entertainment including spending with airlines, travel agencies, lodging and restaurants. In terms of cross-border where the growth was particularly strong the recovery continued this quarter led by travel. Cross-border travel reached 2019 levels as of March for the first time since the pandemic began. Geographically, the cross-border recovery has been broad-based with improvement across all regions. Cross-border card not present ex-travel continues to be strong. Our strategy is designed to enable and capitalize on these trends and executing against our three key strategic priorities: one expanding in payments, two extending our services and three embracing new networks. Here is an update on how we're progressing against each of those. First, we're expanding in payments by continuing to grow card payments and leaning into innovation and new payment technologies to catch-up other prioritized payment flows. We're driving growth in comp payments through new consumer, small business, co-brand and fintech wins. On the consumer and small business front, I'm excited to announce an enhanced partnership with Wells Fargo which includes several new elements. Wells Fargo will now issue Mastercard small business credit cards and for the first time in almost a decade, consumer proprietary and co-brand credit products. We're also excited to announce that we have deepened our relationship with our long-standing partner, Capital One. In addition to renewing our existing business, we will also be their issuing network for a larger number of new originations across both their consumer and small business products. Further on the small business front, we are expanding our small business portfolio with the First National Bank of Omaha, also partnering with the bank and Verizon to launch a new Verizon business Mastercard targeting Verizon's small business customers. In total, these partnerships will help us continue growing our U.S. small business market share. Outside the U.S. we're driving commercial card growth through new partnerships with leading B2B tech companies like Clara. We will be flipping Clara's business portfolio in Mexico to MasterCard and are working for them to launch new programs in five additional markets across Latin America. Turning to co-brands, we've made substantial progress to ensure we are well positioned to capitalize on the return of travel. We have renewed and expanded our exclusive partnership with American Airlines, one of the largest co-brand programs in the United States. American will continue to leverage our capabilities including SessionM and will participate in our Staff cast program to identify in tech partners who can help drive innovation across the airline. And in the U.K. we have launched two new Barclaycard Avios cards with Barclays and International Airlines Group loyalty. Outside of travel we've expanded our relationships with leading retailers including a new co-brand program with Victoria's Secret and a renewal of our Ulta Beauty co-brand offering both in partnership with Red Financial. We're also continuing to advance our leadership in the digital and fintech space, through new product launches and new partnerships. We're partnering with BCA Digital, the digital banking arm of the largest private bank in Indonesia to launch a digital-first Mastercard debit product catering to millennials. And in Latin America we signed a regional partnership with global payment processing platform Galileo. The partnership establishes Mastercard as Galileo preferred partner across several markets in Latin America and they will work to integrate and distribute several of our products and services to help their fintech customers. In addition to driving new wins, we are leveraging our services capabilities to execute against many of the large portfolio migrations that are in flight. In Europe, our consulting teams are engaging with our partners at Santander, NatWest and Deutsche Bank to ensure a smooth and timely transition and to identify opportunities to optimize those portfolios. Santander is the bulk of the way through a nine million card migration and we expected to be complete by early next year, while NatWest commenced the issuance of Mastercard at the end of last year and plans to migrate their entire 16 million card portfolio by the middle of 2023. Deutsche Bank's $10 million consumer and commercial credit and debit cards will be reissued as Mastercard-branded cards with a credit migration starting in quarter four of this year and the debit migration commencing early next year. Similarly our team in the US is supporting key migrations including Gap Inc., Merrick Bank, and First Interstate Bank. All the migrations are on track with Gap Inc. scheduled to be completed this summer. We're also expanding in payments by leading entertainment innovation in areas like installments and cryptocurrencies. Here are a few examples. Our Openbit [ph] Mastercard installment program has been very well received and is progressing according to plan. Remember Mastercard installment is built into our network making by Buy Now Pay Later available to millions of consumers and merchants worldwide. We continue to add a wide array of new lender and fintech partners including Amount, Deserve, i2c, Lithic and Southern Bank. In this quarter, we announced several merchant partners who are excited to support MasterCard installments including Bass Pro Shops and Cabela's, H&R Block, Saks Fifth Avenue and Walgreens. US customers will begin offering MasterCard installments to consumers this quarter and international expansion is planned for later this year. And we continue to build solutions to support the crypto economy with a principled approach focused on three key areas. First, helping consumers easily and safely purchase cryptocurrencies and NFTs. In addition we are enabling consumers to spend their crypto holdings on card and catching up their crypto wallets via MasterCard Send. Second, providing identity, cyber and consulting services for market participants, including engaging with central banks as they design and develop central bank digital currencies. Third, preparing our core network to directly support digital currencies. Making substantial progress in each of these areas. This quarter the Gemini Mastercard, which offers crypto rewards went live across the US. We also partner with Nexo to launch a new crypto card in Europe, one that uses consumers' digital assets as collateral to back their credit line. And we established several other international cryptocard partnerships including banks in Europe and Abra, Invesco and Bello in Latin America. On the crypto services front, MercadoLibre will be leveraging psychotraces AI and cyber capabilities to bring security and trust to their digital wallet in Brazil. Now turning to our second strategic priority services, as I've noted before, our services support and differentiate our core products and have played a critical role enabling many of the wins I mentioned. We also continue to extend our services across multiple growth vectors through new payment platform capabilities, new verticals and new use cases. Here are a few examples. First, earlier this month we completed our acquisition of Dynamic Yield. Now that the transaction is closed, we will combine Dynamic Yield personalization platform and decision engine within our SessionM loyalty platform and our test-and-learn experimentation software. The result will be a truly differentiated consumer engagement and loyalty hub for our customers. Second, we announced that we're expanding our consulting services into three new practices dedicated to open banking and open data, crypto and digital currencies and ESG. We've seen increased customer demand and a growing portfolio of successful engagements in these areas. For example, we are supporting Handelsbanken and Intesa Sanpaolo design programs that advance their ESG priorities. We're helping Wirex explore innovations in crypto. And finally, we're expanding the breadth of our customer base and deploying our capabilities to solve for a wider range of use cases. For example, we deployed our Test & Learn capabilities to help tailored brands, optimize retail operations and improve marketing efficiency for the leading menswear brands. And deployed our FX capabilities with Santander in Spain to help streamline dispute resolutions and prove the customer experience. Beyond expanding in payments and extending and services, our third key priority area is embracing new networks. Our current focus is on two areas: open banking and digital identity. Our open banking and multi-rail strategies are converging enabling us to leverage our unique set of assets to address new flows in verticals, like rent payments. For rent payments, the risk of ACH returns due to insufficient funds is a significant pain point in both renters and landlords. To address this challenge, we're launching a new suite of smart payment decisioning tools. These solutions use Finicity's open banking capabilities to recommend the optimal payment day and payment rail for each transaction based on cost, speed and risk. The Bill Payment Alliance, a collection of more than two million rental homes will be one of the first fintech partners to launch these capabilities. We plan to expand these solutions across a broad range of bill payment verticals. In addition, we continue to expand our open banking reach with Finicity and Aiia, by penetrating new verticals and establishing new partnerships. We continue to enhance our capabilities at the mortgage vertical and are now expanding into the auto lending vertical. We're leading the way in terms of provisioning permission-based income, employment and asset verification information and we've partnered with Stripe, who will be using our open banking capabilities for a variety of use cases. We're also extending our open banking reach through data access agreements with products like Fiserv, which will enable direct API connectivity to thousands of FIs in the United States. In the digital identity space, Ekata continued its strong performance in quarter one, securing deals with financial services companies including MoneyLine and several leading Buy Now Pay Later providers. In addition, we recently joined forces with Microsoft and a collaboration to improve digital transaction approval rates and reduce fraud. The solution enables issuers to optimize authorization decisions using network and merchant-specific authentication data. Combined, open banking and digital identity extend our value before and after the payment transaction and into new digital transactions. These are attractive and growing opportunities and we are uniquely positioned to be successful in both. In summary, our business fundamentals remain strong and we delivered robust revenue and earnings growth again this quarter, which also reflects our disciplined approach to expense management. We're executing against our strategic priorities notably expanding our share with key issuers. In addition, we've worked hard to expand our travel-oriented portfolios which positions us well to capitalize on a strong recovery in cross-border travel. And last but not least, we want to reflect on what is most important, the safety and well being of our employees and their families who have been impacted by the war. Our thoughts are with them and the people of Ukraine. Sachin, over to you.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Michael. Turning to page 3, which shows our financial performance for the quarter on a currency-neutral basis excluding special items and the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments. Net revenue was up 27% reflecting the continued execution of our strategy and the ongoing recovery in spending. Acquisitions contributed two ppt to this group. These revenues were above expectation primarily due to stronger-than-expected cross-border and domestic volumes favorable cross-border mix and FX-related revenues. Operating expenses increased 13% including a six ppt increase from acquisitions. Operating income was up 40% which includes a one ppt decrease related to acquisitions. Net income was up 61%, which includes a 20 ppt benefit due to the recognition of a one-time discrete tax benefit related to a US tax regulation published in the current period and a one ppt decrease from acquisitions. EPS was up 65% year-over-year to $2.76, which includes a $0.36 contribution from the one-time discrete tax benefit and a $0.05 from share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased $2.4 billion worth of stock and an additional $599 million through April 25th, 2022. So, let's turn to page four where you can see the operational metrics for the first quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV increased by 17% year-over-year on a local currency basis. Of note, data related to sanctioned Russian banks was not reported to us and hence such amounts are not included in Q1 2022. In the US, GDV increased by 14% with credit growth of 31% and debit growth of 1%, reflecting the recovery of credit spending on travel and the lapping of stimulus. Outside of the US, volume increased 19% with credit growth of 20% and debit growth of 18%. Cross-border volume was up 53% globally for the quarter with intra-Europe cross-border volumes up 50% and other third quarter volumes up 56%, reflecting continued improvement in travel-related cross-border. For the first time since the onset of the pandemic, cross-border volume was above 2019 levels for all regions and cross-border travel was above 2019 levels for the first time in March. Turning now to page five. Switched transactions grew 22% year-over-year in Q1 and were at 150% of 2019 levels. Card present and card not present growth rates remain strong. Card-present growth was aided in part by increases in contactless penetration in several regions. With respect to card counts, as a result of the suspension of our business operations in Russia, cards issued by Russian banks are no longer active on our network and are therefore excluded from our card counts this quarter. So, accordingly card growth was lower at 4% this quarter. If you exclude Russian issued cards from current and prior years, our growth would have been 9%. Globally, the 2.9 billion Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards issued. Now, let's look to page six with our highlights on the revenue line items, again described on a currency-neutral basis excluding special items unless otherwise noted. The increase in net revenue of 27% was primarily driven by domestic and cross-border transaction and volume growth as well as growth in services partially offset by growth in rebates and incentives. Acquisitions contributed approximately two ppt to this growth. I also like to point out that in the first quarter the suspension of business operations in Russia had a minimal impact to the overall growth rate of the company as the loss of volume was offset by a onetime benefit of lower rebates and incentives due to the absence of a customer incentive agreement renewal in Russia. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items. Domestic assessments were up 21% while worldwide GDV grew 17%. The four ppt difference is primarily due to unreported volumes from Russian-related sanction customers and a favorable mix. Cross-border volume fees increased 57%, while cross-border volumes increased 53% both ahead of expectations. The full ppt difference is primarily due to favorable mix as higher-yielding ex-intra Europe cross-border volumes grew faster than intra-Europe cross-border volumes this quarter. Transaction processing fees were up 27% while switched transactions grew 22%. The five ppt difference is primarily due to favorable cross-border mix and FX-related revenues. Other revenues were up 20% including a seven ppt contribution from acquisitions. The remaining growth was driven by our Cyber & Intelligence and Data & Services solutions. Finally, rebates and incentives were up 30% reflecting the strong growth in volumes and transactions and new and renewed deal activity. As a percentage of gross revenues rebates and incentives were lower than expected primarily due to the absence of a planned customer incentive agreement renewal in Russia, a higher mix of cross-border revenues and the timing of new internode deals. Moving to page 7. You can see that on a currency-neutral basis total operating expenses increased 13% including a six ppt impact from acquisitions. Excluding acquisitions operating expenses grew 7% primarily due to increased spending on advertising and marketing higher personnel costs to support the continued investment in our strategic initiatives and increased data processing costs. Turning to page 8. Let's discuss the operating metrics for the first three weeks of April. For your reference to help you understand the trends in the business ex-Russia, we have included an appendix later in the deck to show all the data points from the schedule if you excluded activity from Russian-issued cards from current and prior periods. Going through the metrics in turn. Starting with switch volumes. For the first three weeks of April, we grew 23% year-over-year down four ppt versus Q1 primarily due to the cessation of activities in Russia. If you exclude Russia-related volumes from the current and prior periods switch volumes grew 27% down one ppt versus Q1. Switch transactions grew 14% year-over-year through the first three weeks of April down eight ppt from Q1 again driven primarily by the absence of Russia-related transactions. Of note Russia has a relatively low average ticket size which results in a larger relative impact to this metric. If you exclude Russia-related transactions from the current and prior periods switched transactions grew by 25% year-over-year up one ppt versus Q1. Overall cross-border volumes through the first three weeks of April grew 60% year-over-year up seven ppt versus Q1. Excluding Russia from the current and prior periods cross-border volumes through the same period grew 65% year-over-year up 13 pp versus Q1.  Since the end of January cross-border travel has rebounded quickly as border restrictions continue to be lifted and we distance ourselves from Omicron. In the first three weeks of April, cross-border travel was up 179% year-over-year up 38 ppt versus Q1. Cross-border card-not-present excluding travel was up 5% year-over-year in April, a decrease of 8 ppt compared to Q1, reflecting in part the lapping of a strong comparable period a year ago. One point to emphasize is cross-border travel is now above pre-pandemic levels at 110% of 2019 levels. Turning to Page 9. I want to share our thoughts on the remainder of 2022. Let me start by saying that our business fundamentals remain strong, as we continue to grow our customer relationships and expand our product and service offerings. As Michael mentioned, consumer spending remains robust, particularly as economies open further and pandemic-related restrictions are lifted. Having said this, we are monitoring a number of factors, including inflationary pressures, supply chain constraints, geopolitical uncertainties and COVID infection rates. At this stage, we have not seen any significant impact of these and consumer spending. Cross-border travel is recovering rapidly as border restrictions ease. This is occurring faster than our earlier expectations. We are well-positioned to capitalize on this growth with our travel-oriented portfolios. Weighing against these positive trends are the impacts of the war in Ukraine and the suspension of our business operations in Russia. So now taking all of this into account, we continue to expect net revenues for full year 2022 to grow at the high end of a high teens rate on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. So, essentially, we are maintaining our growth expectations in the same range as the strong cross-border travel recovery and strength in consumer spending helped mitigate the loss of sizable revenues in Russia and Ukraine. Acquisitions are forecasted to add about one ppt to this growth, while foreign exchange is expected to be a headwind of three to four ppt for the year, primarily due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the euro. In terms of operating expenses, we are reducing our forecast for the year to reflect cost savings related to Russia. All year, we expect operating expenses to grow at a high single-digit rate on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. Acquisitions are forecast to add about four to five ppt to this growth, while foreign exchange is expected to be a tailwind of approximately two to three ppt for the year. With respect to the second quarter, year-over-year net revenue is expected to grow at the high end of a high teens rate, again, on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. This reflects closely strong consumer spending, including continued improvement in cross-border travel spending relative to 2019. Secondly the discontinuation of revenues from Russia and a sequential reduction in revenues related to Ukraine. And finally, the lapping of a strong year good quarter that was aided by fiscal stimulus and the easing of pandemic-related restrictions, as vaccination programs rolled out. Acquisitions are forecast to add about one ppt to this growth, while foreign exchange is expected to be a headwind of approximately five to six ppt for the quarter. From an operating expense standpoint, we expect Q2 operating expenses to grow at a high single-digit rate versus a year ago on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. Acquisitions are forecast to add about four to five ppt to this growth, including the acquisition of Dynamic Yield, which we are pleased to have just closed. Foreign exchange is expected to be a tailwind of approximately three to four ppt for the quarter. Other items to keep in mind, on the other income and expense line, we are at an expense run rate of approximately $115 million per quarter given the prevailing interest rates and our recent debt issuance. This excludes gains and losses on our equity investments, which are excluded from our non-GAAP metrics. And finally, we expect a tax rate of approximately 18% to 19% for each of the remaining quarters of the fiscal year based on the current geographic mix of our business. Before closing out, I want to briefly comment on our three year performance objectives for 2022 to 2024. Clearly, the elimination of Russia-related revenues and the reduction of those from Ukraine create a headwind to achieving these objectives. If this would continue, it would result in a headwind of approximately two ppt to our net revenue CAGR. Having said this, we are off to a strong start in 2022 with the recovery of cross-border travel ahead of expectations, as I previously mentioned. We remain focused on building long-term sustainable growth for the company. And net-net, it is really too early to adjust our three year performance objectives, as we work to offset some or all of these headwinds. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Warren. 
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, Sachin. Jamaria [ph] we are now ready for the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks. Good morning. I've had a question on inflation. I know the data suggests the consumer remains in good shape as we look across trends in the vertical as such. Are you seeing anything that sort of is seeing some kind of negative impact on consumer spending patterns as a result of inflation? I know we heard some comments on e-commerce. Maybe you could talk about that? Thank you.
Michael Miebach : Sanjay, thanks for your question. So on the inflation side, as Sachin mentioned earlier, we have not seen anything yet in terms of changing consumer spending behaviors. But what we are seeing is in terms of the impact on vertical mix and so forth. There has been a 1% increase in our switched volume that's related to gas price increases. We're seeing some shifts in the airline. That is again under an inflationary pressure there from ticket pricing perspective. So we have to see where it goes going forward. I mean fundamentally, where I stand on this is the push by consumers into the digital space. They learn these habits they're online. All that will continue. And we'll see where the underlying prices go and then comes back to what we've been saying all along. There's macro considerations in each country that has to be considered here. What is monetary fiscal policy and then there is the micro aspects of the different verticals which ones of those are carded which ones we would see which ones we wouldn't see. Could there be a crowding out effect of rents or gas prices particularly in Europe? Yes that might be but that's not something we can tell yet.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Harshita Rawat with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Harshita Rawat: Hi. Good morning. Michael, Sachin, I want to ask about cross-border travel very strong recovery here. Is there a scenario where, even if let's say China and other parts of Asia don't come back meaningfully, you can still kind of get back to this like normalized 30% to 40% kind of levels above 2019 which is depend with the run rate pre-pandemic? Because there's so much pent-up demand, or does Asia and China need to come back for the next like cross-border recovery? And Sachin, just a follow-up for you. Can you just talk about the sensitivity of your revenue guidance should macro consumer spend deteriorate from here? Thanks.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Harshita. So first on your question on cross-border, you're absolutely right. Cross-border travel has actually come back stronger than our expectations and there continues to be pent-up demand. And we in terms of how we're thinking about our guidance, we've kind of built in that improving recovery in cross-border travel on a going-forward basis as well. So I just want to kind of get that out there. But to give you a little bit more color right on cross-border. So cross-border volumes are above 2019 levels across all regions for the first time. I would tell you that, the top 20 destinations which represented approximately 70% of our total cross-border travel pre-pandemic, and we're at 70% of 2019 levels when we discussed this at our Investor Community Meeting, are now at 85% in Q1 of 2022. Specifically, on your question around Asia-Pacific, I think it's important to note that Asia Pacific has been slower to recover. The Asia Pacific opportunity as I see this is as follows: Asia Pacific represented approximately 14% of total inbound cross-border travel volumes pre-pandemic and we're at 40% of our 2019 levels in Q1. So as you can see from this number right that, there is a fair amount of recovery still remaining to come from Asia Pacific. Obviously, it does matter in terms of how restrictions are lifted in that market. Again, the point is at the end of the day cross-border fundamentally is still very sound. This is something we've been talking about right through the pandemic, where we felt like when restrictions are eased volumes in cross-border will come back. We've seen that happen and we continue to believe fundamentally that that remains very much in place on EP in particular, a couple of thoughts in China. One the – both China both from an inbound and an outbound standpoint where not a very significant portion of our cross-border volumes pre-pandemic. In fact, I would argue that, the outbound China was slightly higher than the inbound China. So when you think about recovery you've also got to think about what restrictions are there in terms of people going into countries versus people coming out of countries. And I would tell you outbound China has shown better improvement than inbound China for obvious reasons as we all know that, there have been locked out in China and things of that sort. So net-net as I said back and I think about this I think about the fundamentals of cross-border being strong. I think about the potential for pent-up demand continue to contribute to improvements in cross-border travel spend. And again, the Asia Pacific region still remains a fairly large opportunity on a going forward basis.
Michael Miebach: Yes. If I can just build on that, we love cross-border. But while we love the trends, it's a lot of hard work. And over the last two years, I mean, the travel industry was hard hit from the outset of the pandemic. We have leaned in. And as I recall over the last two years JetBlue, Cathay Pacific, British Airways, LatAm, Aeroplan, AirCanada you name it it's a long list of where we have either expanded renewed one additional volume. So we're participating in the trend in a very significant way. And we've always said, it's going to happen this year and we're ready for that.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Rayna Kumar with UBS. Please proceed with your question,
Rayna Kumar: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. It was really good to see the strong operating margin expansion in the quarter 460 basis points. Can you discuss some of the underlying drivers outside of the return of cross-border and how sustainable you believe in upper 50% operating margin is going forward?
Sachin Mehra: Yes. Rayna, happy to take that question. So look I mean at the end of the day, you know that, the business as we have it is a high operating leverage business, right? At the end of the day incremental dollars of revenue typically flow to the bottom line just given the nature of how we operate. So certainly cross-border recovery is playing into the recovery in operating margins but it's not just about cross-border. It's about overall strong consumer spending and cross-border travel recovery all of, which is contributing to the delivery of improved operating margins. Helping that even further is the good new strength in our services and everything we're doing along those parts. So it's everything which we are doing in terms of driving the fundamentals of our business back to the strategic priorities Michael was talking about, which is growing our payments keeping on leaning in on services and then continue to invest in the new network space which is really important. So all of those factors are contributing factors to the expanding operating margins that you're seeing come through. The message I'd like to leave you with on this is the following: We continue to run the business for long-term sustainable growth, which means effectively that we're going to continue to invest in a disciplined manner to ensure that we are creating the right opportunities for ourselves to deliver this long-term top line growth. And while we do that you should see the impact of that come through in terms of operating margins.
A – Warren Kneeshaw: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question
Darrin Peller: Hi. Thanks, guys. When we look at the types of opportunities on cross-border that you're seeing right now you clearly are positioned as you said before to take advantage of the upswing in travel. And historically it's been very high pass-through without rebates incentives, I think as I have a correlation. So first of all, just to be clear, I mean should we still expect that to be the case, or is there anything around the new business the relationships that Michael you mentioned earlier, that would cause that growth yield, I guess we can say our net yield to be a little bit different going forward on this type of big pickup in resumption and spending on travel.  And then Michael just more strategically, when we think about that that industry in terms of cross-border payments. There's been so much change. And even you guys are trying to work through opportunities for more A to A [ph] and open banking opportunities across globally. And so does that change the ecosystem at all, or is card-based really, how you expect to see cross-border players stay really dominant for payments cross-border over time? 
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Aaron. I'll take the first part and then Michael will address your second question. I guess the headline is the following which is, we're not seeing anything fundamentally changed in terms of the profile of our cross-border revenues. I mean net-net things are going to move around depending on how much cross-border comes from intra-Europe versus volumes from outside of that intra-Europe corridor because as you know intra-Europe is lower yielding and then other cross-border volumes are higher yielding. But fundamentally, I would tell you not much has changed. I will make one point. You talked about rebates and incentives not being there with cross-border. I would say that there's a lower indexation of rebates and incentives to cross-border. There's always been some level of rebates incentives, which have been associated with cross-border not nearly as high as what's there in the domestic volume environment. But we're not seeing fundamentally much change in that regard. 
Michael Miebach: Right. And strategically, so Darrin here's what I'd say is similar lens that we took at Investor Day where we looked at different universes and different use cases. You got the P2M world where card is well established domestically but also certainly cross-border. The industry and we very specifically with our services propositions have found a way to ensure that the risks associated with these cross-border transactions for merchants and for consumers are addressed. So the conversion rates and the approval rates have continuously increased. And there's a lot of value brought. So there isn't much of a problem to be resolved to payment for payments for goods on a cross-border basis.  Now where we're actively looking in our -- it tends to participate in all relevant payment flows. We're saying what other payment volumes happening cross-border that we can contribute to with our technology through our franchise and so forth. And here the whole space of import-export, cross-border and accounts payable. That's a space where a counter-account solutions make sense for us to hold.  We have specifically called out for you at the Investor Day the focus on remittances. Again, that's a significant opportunity for us. That's all additive and expensive from a target market perspective from an opportunity perspective. Attractive growing opportunities. We have the technology on the cross-border remittances side our Transfast acquisition, our buyout on the HomeSend side all of that is coming together. It's a 100 country reach.  So I think what we're bringing here is the multilateral network idea into this space that has been historically inefficient. So, I look at it as a growth opportunity while we're going to continue to power the cost side of the house. 
Warren Kneeshaw: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Please proceed with your question. 
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. Thank you. I was hoping to shine a spotlight on LatAm, specifically Brazil. Just taking a peak of the supplementals Mastercard's volumes are up 40% to 50% in that region. But Brazil is also a market where you've got a local network like PIX, gaining a lot of traction. Can you just use as an example to talk a bit about how Mastercard coexist in a market like that, with one of these domestic networks and is a player like PIX actually a customer or a potential customer of some of your open banking or fraud or identity services? Thank you. 
Michael Miebach: All right. So let me take that. So first of all, Brazil has been a market in focused strategically important market for us for years. We're very well established on with the large banks out there Itau and others to mention. So, I'm actually seeing the Brazilian country manager right after this call. So, it's very much in focus. We're very happy with what's going on there. Overall, it's a market that drives a lot of innovation.  Buy Now, Pay Later has been a thing in Brazil forever. Open banking is on the rise, real-time payments is on the rise. So, a lot of movement there. And the P2P network that's been introduced by the Central Bank in the Brazil market is another push to further digitization in that market. So, the whole digitization in Brazil is really seeing great momentum and we're leaning right into that.  Now the kind of flow that PIX is going after, you see a lot of P2P flows and some B2B flows, so that's not necessarily anything that we're particularly worried about but it's also the kind of flows as part of our multi-rail strategy that we like to support ourselves and we have a whole set of technologies for that. What's have paid just to point one out which is the first live in Brazil itself is set a market with innovation and a lot of momentum there.  So, here's our technology powering a social network as an alternative which is an easy user experience great adoption 4.7 million users already on that platform. So, I look at it as a market that's a lot to learn from, a market that we invest in and where we chart passed for the new additional flows beyond card flows very with specific local solutions considering the size of the market. 
Sachin Mehra: And I'll just add Michael a couple of thoughts on Brazil. One you asked the question about the strong growth. Clearly, it's a combination of the macro environment, but it's also the fact that we've been leaning in pretty heavily with our traditional issuers as well as our fintech partners in that space which has been part of the reason why we've been seeing some of that growth come through in a decent manner, Lisa. The second point I'd make tying back to Michael's comments around PICCs [ph], the market has to be bifurcated in the context of both debit and credit. And on the credit side, we continue to see tremendous growth. PICCs -- which Michael said is primarily catering to P2P and B2B flows, even if it were to actually proliferate a little bit into call it the smaller merchants from a P2M standpoint were primarily be focused around the debit side of the equation and so credit still remains the mainstay for us in Brazil as it stands.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to check in on the call it balance of trade and this whole card volume coming in and out from wins and losses migrating. Given the update, I know you mentioned Wells -- and of course ended there not West in Deutsche Bank, are you gaining share when all is said and done? I'm just trying to get a better sense especially in the short term with all the migrations in and out where you stand in the share gains. Thanks.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Tien-Tsin. So everything we kind of talked about and Michael talked about earlier on in this conversation was about our expanding relationships with these issuers. And so with these issuers, we are gaining share. That's kind of the reality of the situation. Again, there are puts and takes in the market, right? So as I think about the new relationship well I should say new relationship, the expanded relationship we have with Wells, right, that's an increasing share position with Wells which is taking place for example there. So the bottom line is the following which is whether it's Wells, Capital One, what we're doing with Santander and NatWest, Deutsche -- you name it the GAAP portfolio all of these incrementally are helping us drive our volumes. From a holistic market standpoint, again, like I said, there are puts and takes, right? But we're very, very optimistic about how we are seeing business translate for us. And as we mentioned at the Investor Community Day, we are growing market share across all regions and the market share growth which we've seen in 16 of our top 20 markets which is something we shared with you at the Investor Community Day is really the data points we put out so far.
Michael Miebach: And Tien-Tsin, I should add, I'm very happy to ask the question. I thought these news was just going to pass by with none of you asking about it, so it's much appreciated.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
David Togut: Thank you, very much. Cross-border card-not-present ex travel growth was solid in Q1, but did slow throughout the quarter and into April against known very difficult comparisons. Can you unpack cross-border card-not-present ex travel growth by geography, especially in Europe and US and how you see this playing out throughout this year, especially with the return of the consumer, the physical point of sale as vaccination rates go up? In other words, do you see a reacceleration of e-com later this year, or do you think the consumer is going to be more active at kind of physical bricks-and-mortar locations?
Sachin Mehra: Sure David. So I think you're touching upon a couple of things which are there on that card-not-present ex travel. The reality is, as cross-border travel comes back, you do see some give back in terms of cross-border card not travel -- card-not-present ex travel. That's a mouthful. So the point is at the end of the day right, there are a few factors you got to take into consideration, when you're thinking about future growth rates for cross-border card-not-present ex-travel. Number one, what's the pace of recovery on cross-border travel is going to be. Number two, what the prior year comps were on cross-border card-not-present ex-travel? Because remember, these growth rates are all influenced by prior comps as well. And what was happening in the COVID environment last year, which might have caused for elevated levels of cross-border card-not-present ex-travel. And number three, you do see fluctuations come in that number through, as a result of crypto and crypto volumes, right? And so, these three factors are kind of things you've got to take into consideration. The point at an up level is the following, which is, the consumer continues to spend in an omnichannel manner. When they can get out and spend in a physical environment, they do that, when they can't spend in a card-not-present environment, they do that. We are ready to support them in both manners, whether it's through our omnichannel capabilities that we're offering our merchants and the strength which we're seeing in card-not-present ex-travel from a cross-border standpoint, is something we expect that strength to actually stay going forward as well. There might be puts and takes for all the reasons I just mentioned, but largely, I think, consumer behavior has changed in a manner where they've gone more digital and you're going to see some strength come through out there.
David Togut: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with question.
Bryan Keane: Hi. Good morning. Just a couple of quick clarifications. On the Russia-Ukraine, I heard the two points to net revenue targets to the performance objectives 2022 to 2024. Could you help us clarify the revenue and expense impact for the going forward quarters like the second quarter, third and fourth this year? Just trying to quantify that. And then, the second question is just what level of cross-border recovery are you assuming in the guidance for 2022? Thanks so much.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Bryan. So, first, I'll take your question on Russia and what we're assuming. So we have suspended operations in Russia, as a result of which we're not earning any revenues related to Russian issued cards. So as it relates to revenue for the rest of the year, we had mentioned that we had put out an 8-K about how Russia represented roughly 4% of our revenues in 2021. And so, we've assumed that that 4% doesn't exist in any of the quarters going forward, from a net revenue standpoint, right? Point number two. And again, like I said in my prepared remarks, there's some level of headwind which we're assuming in Ukraine as well. But the reality is, that's a little bit of an uncertainty, just because we're not entirely sure as to how the war in Ukraine evolves and what the implications of that are. So we built in some assumptions and that's what we've kind of given you in our overall thoughts. From an expense standpoint, the Russia-related expenses represented roughly 2% of our operating expenses. And, again, from an OpEx growth standpoint, kind of, that's the way we think about it. As I mentioned, we have taken down, when we've shared with you our thoughts for full year 2022, we have taken down our OpEx growth rate on an ex-acquisition currency-neutral basis to reflect that very impact from a Russia standpoint.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. Good morning. I was wondering if you could give us your latest view on what the kind of longer-term post-pandemic payment [Indiscernible]. I mean, do you see a different longer-term mix of debit versus credit or any associated impacts to P&Ls or yields or anything that we consider as we model out in the long-term.
Michael Miebach: Right. Ramsey let me start off on that. So the structural changes that we are seeing that we've been observing with our regular consumer engagement surveys over the last two years and that have transpired with our customers as well is less cash and checks, number one. Anything digital more of, number two. The whole -- this whole notion though has changed in the consumers' mind. A couple of things going on. First is, consumers are really ready to move on with the pandemic. They want to go out there, they knock off their bucket list. They want to pent-up demand. So there's a lot of increased spending back into services. So it's not a structural feature of the years to come that it's all in goods. It's going to go back to services and it's going to balance out. It's also not going to be only online, as Sachin just said, it's going to balance out across multi-channel. Buy in-store pickup have delivered, do it the other way around whatever works. I think consumers will go for more choices and that comes right down through our multi-rail strategy to enable basically all relevant choices that are out there. I think that's the right positioning. That's what we're going to see going forward. In terms of debit and credit, if you kind of get a little more granular over here. There was a period in the early parts of the crisis, people will not want to spend on credit if they can avoid it, more control around their finances. That was a big tailwind for debit. We see travel coming back, that's more credit-oriented particularly because of the rewards around it. You start to see in the crypto space, there's a whole new set of credit propositions. We just talked about the Gemini rewards and crypto rewards on that the Nexo Card. So there's a whole thing going on. I think in the end, it's going to be multiplicity around these different tools. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Dan Dolev for Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Dan Dolev : Hi. Thank you for taking -- my question is more specific. If I look at U.S. trends debit versus your competitor, I mean, over the last few quarters, I'm seeing downward trend in your share of the mix in debit and this picture in credit, is there anything to call out there? Is there an opportunity to improve in debit, or am I just missing some very fundamental here? Again just U.S. versus your large competitors. 
Sachin Mehra: Yes. So Dan, there's nothing fundamentally which is really changing as it relates to our debit business. I'll put that out there in the first place. Growth rates obviously are impacted by comps. I think you get that piece. I think you've got to take into consideration that there is a one portfolio, which is a debit portfolio, which is rolling off in the U.S., which was previously announced, which is probably impacting that comparative analysis that you're seeing, because obviously, we're seeing the detriment of that comes through in our debit metrics and that primarily started in the recent past and will go on through the course of this year. And the competitor is likely actually getting the benefit of that. So, that's probably the reason you're seeing some of the divergence.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Andrew Jeffrey with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Jeffrey : Hi. Good morning. I appreciate taking the question. Michael, I actually have a question on other revenues value-added services in particular. Ex-acquisition seems that it's deselling a little bit. Would have perhaps expect to see that growing faster and certainly approaching the growth in the card business. Can you just comment on kind of puts and takes there and what the long-term growth trajectory is for value-added services? 
Michael Miebach: Andrew, excellent questions. As you know we love our services business. It drives growth for us. It's a differentiator. It's a margin increase here. It's all of that. And the key focus is on cyber solutions on one hand and data analytics and inside solutions. This comes back to the structural trend by the way. More data, more digital world – more digital work to be kept safe. More insights for all these new people that are having businesses online on the data analytics side. So fundamentally there are sound trends here. If you just pick up this quarter and you do the unpacking the numbers that you have just laid out that is simply timing. We are expecting our – there's nothing to be said that there's anything changing on the growth rates of our business. So that will continue. Our teams are fully engaged and as we looked ahead in the guidance that Sachin gave, we assume a strong services growth. 
Sachin Mehra: And I'll just add some – a little bit more color on that just because I think it's important for you as you're thinking about your models going forward to actually factor this in. When we talk about Russia revenues, there are a few things from a Russia revenue standpoint which you might want to take into consideration one of which relates to the fact that Services was well penetrated in the Russia and Ukraine markets and had strong growth. And so as you think about the model and the impacts across the different line items you're going to see impact related to lost services revenue come through in other revenues in the ensuing quarters. That's kind of point number one. Few other salient pieces on Russia-related revenues as you think about the different line items. Yes we will lose the volumes and transactions. Russia was a fast-growing market. It has no average ticket size which I kind of mentioned earlier. There's a high degree of contactless penetration. Again I think these are important things where you want to kind of keep in mind as you think about comps on a going-forward basis. And the cross-border issuing out of Russia was mostly higher yielding into regional cross-border issuing. Also strong remittances and disbursements market. Why am I sharing all of this with you? Because as you think about the various metrics we've shared across all of these aspects, those will get impacted as Russia starts coming into play in future quarters.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of George Mihalos with Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
George Mihalos: Great. Good morning and thanks for taking my question guys. Sachin I wanted to ask you called out currency volatility is obviously being a benefit to our first quarter results. Can you isolate what that benefit was in 1Q? Just – I know it's still a volatile time which is sort of three weeks into the next quarter. But how are you thinking about that looking into 2Q? 
Sachin Mehra: Yes. So George, I called it out because Q1 had unusually high foreign exchange volatility. I mean the reality is we don't typically talk about this because these numbers kind of go back and forth from a volatility standpoint but there was unusually high FX volatility in Q1. The outlook from a going forward standpoint is really hard to say. I mean this is one of those things where I guess as Michael jokes with me "Sachin you wouldn't be doing the job if you knew where volatility was going on a forward basis for foreign exchange." So the point is at the end of the day we've taken our best assumptions on a holistic basis for our business share with you what our thoughts are from a full year and a Q2 basis on net revenue. Very hard to predict what the outlook going forward is going to be. Unusually high volatility does help us. The other thing to keep in mind is since it's related to cross-border volumes as to for volumes come back that combined with unusually high volatility has that much more of an impact.
Warren Kneeshaw: Jameria, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Okay. Our final question will come from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks guys. Just a quick one, so just in terms of your expectation for cross-border travel relative to 2019 levels, last quarter you were expecting to be at 100% by the end of this year. You're already at 110% in April. So what's your updated assumption on that?
Sachin Mehra: Jason, as I mentioned we're assuming improving trends vis-à-vis compared to 2019 as we go forward. We're not sharing a specific number for what that looks like in the second quarter or the end of the year. We've built in our expectations in terms of the revenue guidance I've shared with you our thoughts around how that trend takes place. The combination of that was consumer spending and what the improving trajectory in consumer spending is, it's all factored into the numbers.
Jason Kupferberg: Can we get a directional rebates and incentives just for the rest of the year?
Sachin Mehra: So think I mentioned to you on rebates and incentives is the following which is, we have a rich pipeline of deals. We continue to execute on that as you heard from Michael, in terms of some of the wins which we had recently. Obviously, you get the benefit of improving cross-border trends to play through in terms of lower amounts of business incentives impacting that. And the last point I'll make on rebate and incentive is, in Q1 we had this onetime benefit relating to the non-renewal of our Russian customer agreement which you should not expect the benefit of that to come through on a going-forward basis. So net-net I would tell you that, a lot of this is going to be dependent on what the timing of deals are? How we put those new into deals into play? And what the recovery of cross-border is going to be.
Jason Kupferberg: Thank you.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thanks Sachin. Michael?
Michael Miebach: All right. So thanks for your questions, insightful questions as always. Thank you for support for the company. Just a thought for me, here we're thinking that we're going to get out of Omicron and then a few days later we have an invasion in Europe. So for our teams, it's around the world it continues to be a never-ending marathon. And I just want to extend the thanks to everybody in the Mastercard team. And with that, we'll see you next quarter. Thank you so much. Bye-bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2021 and Full Year Mastercard Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, Jumaria. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. With me today are Michael Miebach, our Chief Executive Officer; and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Michael and Sachin, the operator will announce the opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open for questions.  You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I would like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I will now turn the call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Michael Miebach.
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Warren. Good morning, everyone from New York. And starting off with the key highlight for the quarter. We delivered strong revenue and earnings growth as we saw further improvement in our underlying operating metrics. Quarter 4 net revenues were up 28% and EPS up 46% versus a year ago on a non-GAAP currency neutral basis. On the same basis, quarter 4 net revenues are 19% above pre-COVID levels in 2019.  So with that, let's take a look at the macroeconomic front. The outlook remains positive despite the recent supply chain constraints, geopolitical uncertainties and inflationary pressures. Although there has been a recent surge in COVID cases, there are signs that these may be peaking. By each of these areas' merit monitoring, underlying spending trends remain strong as consumers, businesses and governments have become more adaptable to a changing environment.  In the U.S., economic growth remains solid with low unemployment and healthy consumer confidence. According to our quarter four SpendingPulse report, which is always based on all payment types, including cash and check, U.S. retail sales, ex-auto, ex-gas were up 6.4% versus a year ago, and up 10.9% versus 2019.  In Europe, GDP growth has been strong, although recently impacted by mobility restrictions. The impact of the Omicron variant reduces, expect the economic growth to pick up in the coming quarters, in large part, thanks to considerable pent up demand from the past year. SpendingPulse shows that overall European retail sales in quarter 4 were up 3.3% versus a year ago and up, 1.3% versus 2019.  In Asia-Pacific vaccination rates continue to improve and we expect the economic recovery to pick up pace as both governments and businesses ramp up investment. The travel recovery in Asia-Pacific has lagged that of the rest of the world and has significant growth potential.  Growth in Latin America is expected to moderate a bit following the rebound in 2021. As it relates to COVID specifically, there are early signs that the Omicron spurt will be relatively short lived. The reality is that the tools we have to deal with the pandemic are more advanced than ever. 60% of the world's population is now at least partially vaccinated. Effective therapeutics are becoming available. And governments are using more targeted measures to limit the spread. More borders have opened and have stayed open despite the recent variant. Although we've always said the path forward will not be linear there are signs we're moving towards the endemic phase of the disease.  Looking at Mastercard spending trends, switched volume growth continued to improve quarter-over-quarter. Both consumer credit and debit continued to grow well. Turning to cross-border, the recovery has continued with overall quarter 4 cross-border levels now higher than those in 2019. Cross-border travel continued to show improvement relative to quarter 3 levels, aided by border openings in the U.S., UK and Canada. While Omicron has had some recent impact on cross-border travel, we continue to believe that cross-border travel will return to 2019 levels by the end of this year.  Cross-border-card-not-present spending ex-travel continue to hold up well in the quarter. So overall, the spending trends are moving in the right direction with some near term travel related headwinds as a result of the variant. Now turning to our business highlights. I outlined in our Investment Committee Meet in November, we remained focused on our grow-diversify-build strategy, and our three strategic priorities which are, expanding in payments; expanding our services; and embracing new networks. Here's an update on how we’re progressing against each of those priorities.  First, we're expanding in payments by growing person to merchant payments, scaling across other payment flows and leaning into innovation in new payment technologies. In aggregate, these targeted flows represent $115 trillion in opportunity. First up, we're driving growth in person to merchant payments through new wins across the globe. In the U.S., I'm excited to announce that we're partnering with Chase and Instacart, leading online grocery platform in North America on a new Instacart Mastercard co-brand program. This partnership marks an additional co-brand win with Chase, quickly following the recent launch of the Chase Aeroplan World Elite Mastercard.  In addition, with First Interstate Bank's planned acquisition of Great Western Bank, we will flip Great Western’s consumer debit, credit and commercial portfolios to Mastercard. And I'm happy to note that the consumer credit portfolio of MERIX Bank, over 3 million customers will transition to Mastercard beginning in the second quarter. MERIX Bank plans to leverage several Mastercard solutions, including our fraud prevention, consulting, open banking and loyalty services. Over in the Netherlands, we've renewed our partnership with Rabobank, which includes the migration of 8 million Maestro cards to Debit Mastercard. We signed an exclusive deal with Westpac in Australia for the new Banking-as-a-Service platform. This platform will allow new players to leverage Westpac's banking capabilities. Afterpay, the first partner on the platform will connect Debit Mastercards to their Money by Afterpay app. And in the UK, the NatWest Debit migration is progressing to plan as in the early stages of consumer rollout. We're also expanding in payments by capturing new payment flows including commercial, B2B accounts payable, bill pay and cross-border remittances. For example, in the consumer space, we've expanded our relationship with Bank of America, where we'll be the lead brand for new commercial card issuance. We've also renewed and expanded our relationship with WEX, including be chosen as their strategic partner and adding open-loop functionality to their millions of closed-loop fleet cards. Turning to accounts payable, we continue to scale Mastercard Track, WEX, BMO, BOK Financial, Melio and Delux will connect to the platform. We also launched the launch -- we also announced the launch of Mastercard Track Instant Pay, which uses machine learning to analyze and initiate automatic virtual card payments, streamlining processes for buyers and improving cash flow for suppliers. And we're driving new B2B acceptance through a global partnership with Boost Payment Solutions with an initial focus on expanding the use of commercial card in seven key markets.  We're addressing new payment flows in consumer bill payments as well. We recently announced the acquisition of Arcus to help deliver bill pay solutions and other real time payment applications in Latin America. Arcus enables digital payments for the majority of households built in Mexico and its connections with banks, fintechs and digital wall providers across the region.  And finally, we continue to capture new flows in cross-border remittances. This quarter, we established a partnership with Travelex in Brazil, who will use Mastercard's cross-border services to send P2P transfers to the U.S. and Europe. For domestic disbursements in the U.S., we partnered with fintech processor TabaPay to make Mastercard Send easily available to fintechs and merchants across multiple use cases. Now shifting gear, we're also expanding in payments by leaning into payment innovation in areas like installments, contactless acceptance and cryptocurrencies. Here are a few examples. Our open-loop Mastercard Installments program that we announced last quarter has been very well received. The U.S. launch is on schedule for quarter one. We're actively bringing new partners into the program as we announced in Middle East, Africa earlier this week, watch this space. Now we're making great progress in expanding contactless acceptance by turning the world's billions of active smartphones into potential acceptance devices, enabling people to buy and sell whenever wherever they want. We now have 100 deployments of Tap on Phone in over 50 markets with leading partners globally.  Contactless penetration increased to one in two of our in-person switch transactions globally this quarter. This is up from approximately one in three prior to the pandemic. And with that, the potential for accelerated acceptance growth, financial inclusion and consumer convenience is substantial. We're also bringing capabilities, experience and reach to help enable the crypto ecosystem. Our new collaboration with Coinbase will allow consumers to use their Mastercard to purchase NFTs, tried that myself.  Our work with ConsenSys will make it easier for software developers to increase the scale, efficiency and speed of transactions on Ethereum and permissioned blockchains. And our CBDC [ph] Sandbox Test Platform, which we launched in 2020 continues to gain traction. We're helping central banks, financial institutions and fintechs simulate the issuance and distribution of CBDC along with the integration of CBDDs with our card network, our real-time payment modules and native blockchain wallets. Now shifting to services, our services support can differentiate our core products and have played a critical role in aiding many of the ones I just mentioned. The group services revenue at 25% in 2021 on a currency neutral basis. We will continue to extend our service capabilities to enhance the value of payments. We even further accelerating our growth by expanding into new areas and new use cases, particularly through our Data & Services and Cyber Intelligence propositions. Again a few examples for you. In December, we announced an agreement to acquire Dynamic Yield from McDonald's. Dynamic Yield uses enhanced AI to deliver customized product recommendations, offers and content to consumers. Their customer set includes over 400 global brands ranging from financial services companies like Synchrony to retailers like Lens End. When combined with SessionM's loyalty platform and our Test & Learn experimentation software, we will be able to offer a unified consumer engagement and loyalty hub to our customers. McDonald's is a great example of a company who is using all three of these platforms today with plans to further scale and integrate Dynamic Yield's capabilities globally. In addition, our Ethoca platform continues to experience strong traction in preventing unnecessary chargebacks, a real pinpoint. We added new customers in every region in 2021 for Ethoca. Recently, we launched Ethoca Consumer Clarity, which gives consumers detailed information about purchases on their mobile banking app. Submission is live with issuers across the U.S., UK and several European markets, including OTP Bank, Central Cooperative Bank and Paybox Bank.  Now beyond expanding in payments and expanding in services, our third strategic priority area is embracing new networks. Specifically, we are leveraging our expertise in payments to build out new networks, with current focus on open banking and digital identity.  On the open banking front, we have closed the acquisition of Aiia in November, which brings strong API connectivity to over 2,700 banks across Europe. And combined with Finicity's North American connection, which covered more than 95% of deposit accounts in the U.S. market, Mastercard has an unparalleled footprint in the key open banking regions upon which we are building solutions to solve a wide range of use cases. One example is in the mortgage verification space, where Finicity has signed deals with several new partners, including LoanPro [ph].  And in the digital identity space, we're helping our customers with fast, frictionless identity verification services. Ekata has performed strongly over the last quarter, expanding through strategic partnerships with companies such as ZIP and Equifax as well as growing its global footprint with leading fraud [ph] providers Tongdon and AirClick [ph] in Asia-Pacific.  Combined, open banking and digital identity extend our value before and after the payment transaction. These are large, attractive and growing opportunities, and we are uniquely positioned to be a leader in both. So in summary, we delivered strong revenue and earnings growth this quarter. The macroeconomic outlook remains positive with a few areas that we're monitoring. And we're executing against our three strategic priorities, expanding in payments, expanding our services and embracing new networks, and all that with substantial progress on the product and deal front this quarter. Now Sachin, over to you and the numbers.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Michael. So turning to Page 3, which shows our financial performance for the quarter on a currency neutral basis, excluding special items and the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments.  Net revenue was up 28%, reflecting the continued execution of our strategy and the ongoing recovery in spending. Acquisitions contributed 3 ppt to this growth. Operating expenses increased 19%, including a 7 ppt increase from acquisitions. Operating income was up 37%, which includes a 1 ppt decrease related to acquisitions. Net income was up 44%, which includes no impact from acquisitions as the impact of acquisitions on operating income was offset by a onetime acquisition-related tax benefit.  EPS was up 46% year-over-year to $2.35, which includes a $0.04 contribution from share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased $1.3 billion worth of stock and an additional $528 million through January 24, 2022. So let's turn to Page 4, where you can see the operational metrics for the fourth quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV, increased by 23% year-over-year on a local currency basis. We are seeing continued strength in debit and credit. U.S. GDV increased by 23% with debit growth of 15% and credit growth of 34%. Outside of the U.S., volume increased 23%, with debit growth of 25% and credit growth of 20%. To put this in perspective, as a percentage of 2019 levels, GDV is at 125%, up 4 points quarter-over-quarter with credit at 116%, up 5 points sequentially and debit at 134%, up 3 points sequentially. Cross-border volume was up 53% globally for the quarter, with intra-Europe cross-border volumes up 45% and other cross-border volumes up 63%, reflecting continued improvement in travel related cross-border as several borders opened during the fourth quarter. In the fourth quarter, cross-border volume was 109% of 2019 levels, with intra-Europe at 122% and other cross-border volume at 98% of 2019 levels. Turning to Page 5, switched transactions grew 27% year-over-year in Q4 and were at 132% of 2019 levels. Card-present growth continued to improve while card-not-present growth rates remained strong. Card-present growth was aided in part by increases in contactless penetration in several regions. In addition, card growth was 9%. Globally, there are 3 billion Mastercard and Maestro branded cards issued. Now let's turn to Page 6 for highlights on a few of the revenue line items, again described on a currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. The increase in net revenue of 28% was primarily driven by domestic and cross-border transaction and volume growth, as well as strong growth in services, partially offset by higher rebates and incentives. As previously mentioned, acquisitions contributed approximately 3 ppt to net revenue growth. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items. Domestic assessments were up 24% while worldwide GDV grew 23%. Cross-border volume fees increased 61% while cross-border volumes increased 53%. The APPD difference is primarily due to favorable mix as higher-yielding ex intra-Europe cross-border volumes grew faster than intra-Europe cross-border volumes this quarter. Transaction processing fees were up 28%, generally in line with switched transaction growth of 27%.  Other revenues were up 30%, including a 9 ppt contribution from acquisitions. The remaining growth was mostly delivered by our Cyber & Intelligence and Data & Services solutions. Finally, rebates and incentives were up 38%, in line with our expectations, reflecting the strong growth in volumes and transactions and new internode deal activity. Moving on to Page 7, you can see that on a currency-neutral basis, total operating expenses increased 19%, including a 7 ppt impact from acquisitions. Excluding acquisitions, operating expenses grew 12%, primarily due to increased spending on advertising and marketing, higher personnel costs to support the continued investment in our strategic initiatives and increased data processing costs. Turning now to Page 8, let's discuss the specific metrics for the first three weeks of January. First, as a point of process we continue to provide volume and transaction metrics both on a year-over-year and as a percentage of 2019 basis. However, it is important to note that as we turn the calendar and move into 2022 the index versus 2019 metric now looks back three years and therefore includes a compounding improvement relative to the 2021 index metric. This compounding impact must be taken into consideration when considering the sequential trend from Q4 to January. So at the highest level, Omicron has had a minimal impact on overall switched volumes and transactions and has caused some moderation on cross-border travel.  Going through the metrics in turn, starting with switched volumes. Through the first three weeks of January, we are now at 149% of 2019 levels, up 13 points versus Q4. This increase is primarily driven by the compounding effect I just referred to. After adjusting for this compounding effect, switched volumes are tracking similarly to what we saw in Q4. The underlying trends in switched transactions adjusted for the compounding effect are generally tracking the trends we are seeing in switched volumes. In terms of cross-border volume growth. As I mentioned earlier, spending levels as a percentage of 2019 in Q4 are now above pre-pandemic levels. The Omicron variant, which hit partly through December, impacted the strong cross-border travel momentum we saw in November. That impact has carried over into January. This has been partially offset by an increase in cross-border card-not-present ex-travel. Overall, cross-border volume through the first three weeks of January is now at 116% of 2019 levels, up 7 points versus Q4. In this case, the compounding effect is partially offset by the impact of the Omicron virus on cross-border travel in January. Turning to Page 9, I want to share our thoughts on the upcoming year. While there is some uncertainty related to Omicron and potential future variance, our overall expectations for 2022 are positive. The macroeconomic outlook is for continued growth and domestic spending levels have firmed up well despite the recent surge in cases. The recovery in cross-border travel was progressing well prior to Omicron, and we expect the recovery in cross-border travel to resume as the surge passes. As Michael just noted, the tools available to deal with the pandemic have improved with time. And although the path forward may not be linear, there are signs we are moving towards the endemic phase of this disease.  Many countries have relaxed their border restrictions, and we continue to expect cross-border travel to recover to 2019 levels by the end of 2022. Our recent deal wins, travel oriented portfolios and diversified set of services position us extremely well to capitalize on these trends. Turning to our expectations for the full year 2022, our base case scenario is for net revenues to grow at the high end of a high teens rate on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. Acquisitions are forecasted to add about 1 ppt to this growth, while foreign exchange is expected to be a headwind of 1 to 2 ppt for the year, primarily due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the euro. In terms of operating expenses, we continue to carefully manage our spending as we invest in our payments, services and new network priorities to drive short and long-term growth. For the year, we expect operating expenses to grow at the low end of a low double-digit rate on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. Acquisitions are forecast to add about 4 to 5 ppt to this growth, while foreign exchange is expected to be a tailwind of approximately 1 ppt for the year. Turning now to the first quarter, year-over-year net revenue growth is expected to be at the high end of a high teens rate, again, on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. This reflects some sequential improvement in cross-border travel spending trends within the quarter relative to 2019, as the impact from Omicron starts to recede as the quarter progresses. Acquisitions are forecast to add about 2 ppt to this growth, while foreign exchange is expected to be a headwind of 2 to 3 ppt for the quarter.  From an operating expense standpoint, we expect Q1 operating expense growth to be at the high end of high-single digit range versus a year ago on a currency neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. Acquisitions are forecast to add about 6 ppt to this growth, while foreign exchange is expected to be a tailwind of approximately 1 ppt for the quarter. As a reminder, we discretely disclosed the impact of acquisitions for the year-end which they close and the subsequent year, after which time we do not split them out. For instance, Finicity, which closed in November of 2020 is now folded into the base. We are pleased to have closed the acquisitions of both Aiia and Arcus in November and anticipate closing the pending acquisition of Dynamic Yield in the first half of 2022. Other items to keep in mind, on the other income and expense line, we are at an expense run rate of approximately $115 million per quarter, given the prevailing interest rates and debt levels. This excludes gains and losses on our equity investments, which are excluded from our non-GAAP metrics. And finally, we expect a tax rate of approximately 17% to 18% for the year based on the current geographic mix of our business. With that as a backdrop and turning now to Slide 10, I would like to update you on our three year performance objectives for the 2022 to 2024 period that we first introduced in November at our investment community meeting. The bottom line is that there is no change, although our jumping off point for earnings is slightly higher due to our Q4 2021 over performance. As a reminder, these objectives are on a currency neutral basis, exclude special items, gains and losses on equity investments and acquisitions closed after 2021. Using 2021 as our base over the 2022 to 2024 period, we expect to deliver a net revenue compound annual growth rate in the high-teens. This assumes an annual target market volume growth rate of 10% to 11%, cross-border travel returning to 2019 levels by the end of 2022 and doing our services revenues at a 20% plus CAGR.  From an operating margin perspective, we will continue to operate with the philosophy of delivering a minimum annual operating margin of 50%. Having said this, I would like to emphasize that we continue to believe that it is important for us to invest with a long-term growth while delivering positive operating leverage, and we continue to exit -- continue with this philosophy in mind. And finally, we expect to deliver an EPS CAGR in the low-20s range on a currency neutral basis, excluding the impact of special items, gains and losses on equity investments and future acquisitions. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Warren.
Warren Kneeshaw : Thank you, Sachin. Jumaria, we’re now ready for the question-and-answer session. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Rayna Kumar with UBS.
Rayna Kumar : Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So with cross-border spending now above pre-pandemic levels, are you anticipating any pent-up demand in travel spend in your financial guidance, particularly as we get through the travel months in the summer?
Michael Miebach : Hi, Rayna. This is Michael. Let me kick this off. So as I said in my remarks earlier, we do see pent-up demand. We've see pent-up demand in the last year and the year before. And it continues. People will want to travel, get out whenever they can, and it has been proven again and again. So there is an assumption there. And we've been pretty vocal about that, that we do continue to believe that cross-border travel will return to pre-pandemic levels by the end of the year. Sachin?
Sachin Mehra : Yes. I think Michael, you pretty much covered it. The only thing I'd just add is we just need to go back to 2021 where we saw that when people have the ability to travel, they express their intent to travel. And we do believe that the impact of Omicron is going to be short-lived. And as borders start to relax a little bit more and people get a little bit more comfortable around this, people will get out there and express the demand for travel, back to what Michael was just saying.
Michael Miebach : In fact, I'm heading to Europe tonight so there you go.
Rayna Kumar : Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question will come from Harshita Rawat with Bernstein.
Harshita Rawat : Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Michael, I want to ask about FedNow. It looks like it will be live in the U.S. in 2023. Domestic RTP system in many countries is used for payments other than consumer to business. But then you have examples like the ones in India with UPI, which is used for retail payments. How do you see that playing out with FedNow? And how can you participate in terms of services enablement for that? Thank you.
Michael Miebach : Right, thank you, Harshita. So FedNow, we'll have to see when it actually comes live. But broadly speaking, if we go with our experience in other countries, we believe there is, in real time payments lies the real alternative payment solutions. There's demand by government, there's demand by businesses and consumers. The 20022 Standard allows to carry more data. So there's all sorts of reasons why this might make sense. To your question on how participation looks like, yeah, when we bought Vocalink in 2016, I promise I won't take you back five years now. But that was a conscious decision realizing exactly what I just said. And that we want to play and we have to have those alternatives.  If I look at it from a use case perspective, there are some use cases where cards is just simply an excellent answer today. Its ecosystem drives huge value. And there is -- yes, there might be alternatives, but we continue to invest in that and focus on that. At the same time, there's a whole range of use cases where real time payments account-to-account makes a lot more sense than basic ACH or cash. And that's a displacement opportunity that we certainly want to engage in cross-border remittances, bill pay and the likes. I think where our participation and our differentiation comes in, is we have tools across the whole gamut of the payment solutions. That's our multi-rail strategy. We have advanced this quite significantly over the last couple of years to true multi-rail solutions, not like that we have one and the other in parallel. It's one single solution.  If you look at Mastercard Track, that's exactly what it is. You can pay any which way through -- any which way you like through Mastercard Track, but the payment optimization, the security the pricing, the predictability of the Mastercard good is all the same across all of these options. So I see it as a fundamental opportunity to participate in new flows rather than anything else.
Harshita Rawat : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research.
Darrin Peller : Thanks, guys. Michael, when we think about the parts of your business that are outperforming partly because of the panic but partly given where we are within the acceleration on spending on electronic payments, can you just walk through that in terms of what kind of sustainability you see to the parts of the business that have sustainable upside now?  In other words, debit volume is now probably bigger than you would have otherwise thought it would be. Services is another piece that's probably higher than it otherwise could have been. Are those sustainable? And then maybe remind us of the parts of the business besides just cross-border that can catch up as we see the recovery again? Thanks, guys. 
Michael Miebach : All right. Thanks, Darrin. So I'll start that off and then maybe Sachin can kick in. So first of all, the secular shift has gotten a real push out of COVID. I mean where we had to spend online. And when I look at that, I think that is a fundamental structural trend, more online commerce, more online banking, more online, everything.  And what has really come out over the last two years that this is a lasting trend. So every bit of consumer research that we do, market research that we do, people will say, I learned to like it. So I'm going to continue to do that. So I think that is an accelerated growth opportunity. And it's a big assumption in our three year long-term guidance that we gave, that we continue to believe that the race towards a more digital economy will be a positive driver for us.  So sustainable growth driver. You see it come through in how we build out acceptance, 19% acceptance growth. We continue to find pockets and opportunities and flows in segments that are just not penetrated with our solutions yet. And so I see the underlying secular growth, I see us show up in more places. I mean I used the term, I think, at the Investor Day, leave no white space. So that is why expanding in payment is pillar one of our strategy.  You pointed to services, now services in a world that is more digital, that throws up more data, in a more digital world, a lot more people need to be safe in that digital world. So our C&I services, our security service solutions. Basically, we can't run fast enough. That has been outperforming. I gave you the growth rate for 2021 and services at 25%, that's for sure, an elevated growth rate and we continue to see that very, very positive. On data and analytics, more data, more people will want to do something with the data. A merchant will understand now that they have more, more merchants are entering into the digital space, how do they find customers in an easy way, how do they retain customers? That's where Dynamic Yield comes in. A perfect tool to really make more of that. And then all of that data in the end will fuel the world of open banking, which is part of our whole new network strategy, the essential and of course, the need for digital identity solutions. So all of that is sustainable.  The catchup opportunity, back to your question, is for sure travel. It is travel, domestic travel has been leading, leisure travel has been leading. Cross-border travel and corporate travel over different curves over time, there's significant catchup opportunity for us. So I think those are the headlines.
Darrin Peller : Helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question will come from Lisa Ellis with MoffetNathanson.
Lisa Ellis : Hey. Good morning, guys. I was hoping to ask about net yields. Just looking back, pre-pandemic Mastercard net yields were steadily increasing about 0.5 basis, 1 basis point a year. But then over the last two years, have dropped, first in 2020 then again somewhat over in 2021. Can you just help parse for us a bit, how much of the pressure on yields recently is due to cross-border travel weakness versus perhaps competitive pressure or something like that? And kind of what gives you confidence in one versus the other? And I guess, looking out into 2022, are you now expecting yields to move back the other direction? Thank you.
Sachin Mehra : Sure, Lisa. I'll take that question. So look, I think the short answer to your question is the vast majority of what you've seen in terms of net yields has been driven by the changing mix of the business over the pandemic, primarily cross-border volumes coming down and the impact of that. As you know, cross-border volumes and the revenues are less indexed from a rebates and incentive standpoint. So you have the impact of that playing through.  I would say fundamentally, we've always operated in a competitive environment. We see no real change in the level of competition relative to what we've seen over the past few years. So candidly, I would tell you our assumption going into our planning cycle, and going into 2022 as well as our three year performance objectives has been one of the impact of having minimal net pricing, which is net of rebates and incentives. And we still continue to believe that to be the case. That was very much the case a couple of years ago as well.  So the point really is a lot of what you're seeing on the net revenue yield is being driven by the changing mix, primarily cross-border. Services continues to do really well, and has been accretive to our yield in the past. And we expect that given the opportunity in services, that will be the case going forward as well.
Lisa Ellis : Terrific. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question will come from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani : Thanks. Good morning. I have another follow up question on the cross-border. I guess when we think about Omicron, I know there's been a small impact. But I'm just curious if there's any learnings from it. Do you feel like the resiliency of the consumer, and obviously, the tools that we have, put us in a better position than what where we were maybe when you guys provided your expectations, understanding your expectations haven't changed?  And then I'm just curious, as we've seen the U.S. inbound travel improve, were there any learnings from that? Thanks.
Michael Miebach : All right, Sanjay. I'll kick that off. So clearly, there have been learnings and there have been learnings across the whole industry. You may have followed some of the airlines during the earnings season. This whole thought about the time period between a surge, a case surge and how bookings are coming back is narrowing. So the first learning is that consumers just become more adaptable. I said that earlier. It's not just consumers, it's actually businesses, consumers and governments.  Now governments have also learned. And governments have learned in terms of how broad-based social distancing measures and quarantine rules and the likes are. And those are much more targeted these days. As I said, more borders stayed open. When the U.S. opened in November, surges were going on in Europe. And there are no entry hurdles at this point. I said I'm traveling to Europe. There's no really -- there's no hurdle at all. It's just pretty easy to get back. So I think the combination of vaccination rates going up, learnings and governments and so far makes it a much more benign mix to deal with whatever might be coming there. So that is a significant assumption that we took as we looked at the rest of the year. You also see that more routes are being opened, more people want to get out whenever they can. So there's a desire and the ability to go out I think, together, make the kind of right package for us that gets us pretty positive.
Sachin Mehra : And Sanjay, I'll just add to what Michael just said. I think you'll remember at our November investment community meeting, we had shared with you that the U.S., UK and Canada inbound cross-border travel corridors represented -- in Q3 of 2019, they represented roughly 20% of total cross-border travel volumes, which we have said. And we said they were tracking at roughly 50% of 2019 levels. This is the data we shared with you at ICM. Well just as an update, as we progressed through the quarter in November, we saw these borders open, which Michael talked about, U.S., UK, Canada. And the same metric, which is the U.S., UK and Canada in Q4 is now at 70% of 2019 levels. So that's just an expression of our confidence about how, when people can travel, they will travel.
Michael Miebach : And I just want to add one more point. So these are some -- I shared some of the macro learnings. Sachin just talked about the upside potential. Now taking both of that, what we have learned from our customers that are active in the travel space is that everybody is of the same opinion, and hence leaning into the travel sector and winning more co-brands, engaging consumers so that they book with our partners versus somebody else, all that is going on. You see the whole range of wins. The JetBlue renewal was one of the more recent one, the Aeroplan launch with Chase, IAG last year, et cetera, et cetera. So there's a lot of learnings by the travel industry themselves on how to engage and really make these co-brands or co-brand programs worthwhile, which we like a lot.
Sanjay Sakhrani : That's perfect. I have my fingers crossed. Thanks.
Michael Miebach : Yeah. Very good.
Operator: Your next question will come from Tien-Tsin Wong with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang : Thank you. Good morning, Michael and Sachin. I wanted to ask about just -- well, it sounds like your macro view hasn't changed too much from what you guys talked about at ICM aside from some of the near term travel headwinds. But I just want to check your 1Q outlook here for high-teens revenue growth when -- it looks like your January trends are growing above that, nicely above that. Any call outs there? Or is that just conservatism?
Sachin Mehra : So look, I mean, Tien-Tsin, here's what I would say. I think in what I shared with you in terms of our Q1 thoughts, you've got to factor in -- there is the headwind, which is coming in from the strengthening U.S. dollar, which I kind of talked about what our estimate around that is. So that would be one kind of call.  But other than that, all we're kind of expressing is where we're seeing our current metrics and how we're assuming the recovery of Omicron to come through over the course of the first quarter, which I kind of shared with you in my prepared remarks. So really nothing else going on there. I will emphasize one more time, what you're seeing in terms of the first three weeks of January, indexed back to 2019 has got a compounding effect. And that, you have to take into consideration when you're checking -- when you're looking at the sequential trends, which is why I was giving that additional color around what the impact of Omicron was, adjusted for the compounding effect on switched volumes, switched transactions and cross-border.
Tien-Tsin Huang : Understood. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question will come from David Togut with Evercore ISI.
David Togut : Thank you. Good morning. What are your expectations this year for the pace of account-to-account payments rollout in Europe under open banking? And how do you see this affecting credit and debit card growth in Europe? And as a follow up, would appreciate your perspective on Amazon's very public negotiation with Visa over credit card acceptance at Amazon UK. And whether this reflects more payment options for example, account to account? Or is this a one-off negotiation between two corporates?
Michael Miebach : All right. Let me start, David with that. So account to account in Europe. When you look over the last years in Europe, it's been relatively slow paced in terms of consumer adoption and rollout. We have invested -- we're heavily invested across that with Aiia on the open banking side of account to account, with Nets, with Vocalink. So we're deep in the space. We like -- generally like what we see in terms of direction. Take up, I think it's -- I would call it pace. So that's the first thing I would say.  Initiatives like EPI, you look at that and say their initial focus is actually on the card side. And they're thinking of account-to-account in the longer run that reflects the same that I just said. So continued significant opportunity for cards in Europe, but we see the long-term growth opportunity in account to account. And we've kind of covered our bases there. And with our open banking investments at our initial use cases there, particularly in the UK, I think we can be pretty optimistic about that. Our partnership with Tesco, with Lloyd's, are looking very positive.  So your question around Amazon, that's fundamentally a question for Visa I would say, and for Amazon. We have seen these kind of negotiations in the public domain now and then over the years, relatively short lived and were resolved. These particular news did not involve us at all. We have a strong and longstanding relationship with Amazon. And we agree that consumer choice matters. That's why we have a multi-rail strategy, and we're going to continue to work with Amazon delivering a whole differentiated set of products. So nothing particularly to worry about from our perspective.
David Togut : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane : Hi, guys. Good morning. Just two quick ones for Sachin. Just looking at switched volume on the January month-to-date in the U.S. At 15%, that's down a little bit from where it was running before. I don't know if that's just an anniversarying of some of the comps. I know the three year percentage still increased to 139. But just thinking about on a year-over-year basis, that 15%, anything to call out there?  And then secondly, on rebates and incentives. Any guidance you can give us for fiscal year '22 as a growth rate or as a percentage of revenue? Thanks.
Sachin Mehra : Sure, Bryan. On the first point, you're referring to the 15% year-over-year growth in the first three weeks of January. And you're looking at the sequential trends there. Well, that is a tougher comp ratio. And this goes back to the impact of the economic stimulus, which was enabling better spending back on -- in the comparable period last year, and that's what you're seeing happen there. So that's kind of the answer to the first part of the question.  On your second point, look, I mean, the whole rebates and incentives thing, I need to just emphasize one more time. Look, I know people are focused on the competitive environment. Trust us, we too are, because we operate in that competitive environment. And we want to make sure that we compete effectively with our products, capabilities, services, whatever the case might be. We have not seen a meaningful shift in the competitive environment relative to what we've been used to operating in the past. So that's kind of just to level set where we are.  But specifically to your question, on rebates and incentives, it's dependent on the timing of deals and how the volume and mix plays out through the year. In Q1, we expect rebates and incentives as a percentage of growth to be similar to Q4. That's kind of the extent. And all of this is contemplated in what I've shared with you on our full year thoughts as well as on Q1.
Bryan Keane : Got it. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Your next question will come from Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays.
Ramsey El-Assal : Hi. And thanks for taking my question this morning. I wanted to ask about supply chain pressure and whether you're seeing any changes. And with that pressure abating and that might be contemplated in your full year guidance? And separately, I just was wondering if you could help us contextualize your exposure to Russia. And what we should expect there if sanctions, in fact, tighten due to political unrest in Ukraine, potential.
Michael Miebach : All right. Yeah, Ramsey, let me start with the supply chain and touch on Russia quickly. Supply chain pressures are clearly there. You're looking at chip shortages. There's all sorts of things affecting the supply chain. We continue to believe that these are rather short-lived as the supply chain actually bounces out, so that's the first thing I would say. So there's not a huge assumption in our outlook around that. What we've also seen is particularly through the holiday season, pretty significant holiday spending, positive season and people spend what they can spend on. So if they can't buy something, they buy something else. So we've seen shifts in categories. So from that perspective, again, the pent-up demand is an important aspect here.  On Russia, very, very early to tell how this is going to play out. This is certainly—it was one of the points that I referred to earlier, geopolitical uncertainties that we have to keep in focus. We have seen sanctions applied in previous years. And we basically manage through that. We'll have to see what it is. Russia is a substantial and important -- and strategically important market for us. We'll have to see how that plays out.
Ramsey El-Assal : All right. Thanks so much. 
Michael Miebach : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from Dan Dolev with Mizuho.
Dan Dolev : Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. There was a question before on overall yield. I want to ask about domestic assessment specifically. If I look at Q4, I think you're running at about 13.1 basis points. Historically, the number was higher, more closer to 14. Is there anything to call out on that front? Thank you very much.
Sachin Mehra : Hey Dan, look, I mean on domestic assessment, I think what you've seasonally -- I mean, what we've seen is that typically, in Q4, we see the yield of domestic assessments to actually drop off a little bit. That's just what we have historically seen. There's a bunch of moving parts which are going on in that. And really nothing unusual to call out there. The trajectory of what we've seen historically still holds true on a going forward basis.
Dan Dolev : Got it. Thank you so much. 
Operator: Your next question will come from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch : Great. Thanks. And you did discuss the account to account side of things a little bit. But I'm just wondering, given how often this comes up in discussions with investors, we've seen some issues that some of the domestic players have had from a regulatory standpoint. Any thoughts about how that could affect kind of the evolution of that product advantages, perhaps being part of Mastercard might be for Tink and Aiia? And other kind of thoughts about just the growth of that, both in Europe and the U.S.? Thanks.
Michael Miebach : Right. Moshe, excellent question. We see there is clearly an interest of regulators in new forms of payment. Regulators are always keen on security, on data protection, on consumer protection. That is always in focus. We have most recently seen this with an interest in buy now, pay later. UK regulator is doing a consultation. Various regulators have shown interest to regulate the space. In account-to-account, you should expect something similar. We do know that from a Vocalink and Pay by Account in the UK that is very much in focus. And I think it differentiates an established player like us to basically come in. We have very clear data principles. We have -- we don't sell data to anybody. We believe in the consumer -- strong consumer consent, the likes and the likes. All of that is codified in the Mastercard franchise. So a company that goes beyond just being a fintech and providing a connection and getting money from A to B, but doing it in an organized fashion with very clear roles that people sign up that partner with us, I think is going to be a differentiator.
Sachin Mehra : And I'll just add to what Michael said. I think you're going to remember that when we talked about what we were doing in the open banking space, we were very deliberate about how we went about our activities there, particularly as it relates to how we got data from the banks, and that was all through APIs. It has been our philosophy. And the idea being, you've got to do it in the right way. You cannot do in scraping, you should be doing it through APIs, not only because it's the right thing to do from a safety and security standpoint, but also the data elements you can actually get by virtue of doing it in that manner help you create a much more sustainable long-term product, which you can offer.  So very much part and parcel of what the philosophy has been from the get-go in this space for us.
Moshe Orenbuch : Great. Thank you, Michael and Sachin. 
Sachin Mehra : Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question will come from Dave Koning with Baird.
Dave Koning : Yeah. Hey, guys. Thank you. And I noticed U.S. average ticket size in Q4, I think it was only up 2%. The prior three quarters up 6% to 7%. So you would think with inflation, it would be accelerating, not decelerating. Is that just consumers returning to card-present maybe lower transaction sizes or just splitting transactions? And what's the impact? That seems positive to you, right?
Sachin Mehra : Yeah, Dave, again, I want to make sure I got the question. But what we've observed -- if you look at our trends for how switched volume and switched transactions are trending, you'll see effectively that the improvement quarter-over-quarter in switched volumes from 131% of 2019 to 136% of 2019 [ph] is a 5-point improvement compared to switched transactions, which have improved from 131% to 132%.  That should signal to you that there is a higher ticket size, which is happening, which you would expect because as people get out and travel more they do so, that's higher ticket in general. They do it on credit products, which are higher ticket size. As also there is -- as e-commerce happens, that happens to be higher. So you've seen that come through in the delta on a sequential basis.
Dave Koning : Yeah. And I was referring more towards -- it looked like it's decelerating in the U.S., which seems positive. It seems good to have splitting transactions possibly happening is what it just seems like or different types somehow?
Sachin Mehra : Yeah. No, I wouldn't see anything materially different in our U.S. trends than what I just shared globally in terms of what we're seeing from a ticket size standpoint.
Dave Koning : All right. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question will come from Andrew Jeffrey with Truist Securities.
Andrew Jeffrey : Hi. Good morning everybody. One of the more discussed topics in the market generally today is inflation. And I wonder if you could just touch on if we do see persistent embedded global inflation, whether or not that's a positive for your business from a volume and/or yield standpoint?
Michael Miebach : Right, Andrew. So definitely a significantly discussed topic, all sorts of views on it. So here's our take. First of all, where it happens, we generally distinguish to look at it first at the macro level, what is happening across a particular market? What's the policymakers’ response? We heard the U.S. policymaker talk about this yesterday. Then there's broader impacts that go beyond our immediate business, wage growth. How does all of this, in the end, affect the consumer's ability to spend? So there's a lot of macro things to consider. On the micro side, it basically is not homogenous. So inflation is affecting our business in a different way than it would be the overall CPI. So if you have inflation expecting rent, while that's generally not running through our rails to a large extent, so that could again be a very different picture. Taking all of that into account, fundamentally, notwithstanding the impact that inflation has, that it could be negative on consumers, on businesses and so forth. There is an impact on GDV if it's moderate inflation that would be showing in our numbers.
Andrew Jeffrey : Okay. I assume that's been taken into account to your guidance.
Sachin Mehra : Right.
Andrew Jeffrey : Appreciate it. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question will come from Jamie Friedman with Susquehanna.
Jamie Friedman : Hi. Thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to ask about the difference between other revenue and services revenue. I know services did great, up 28% -- 25% for the year, 28% for the quarter. But other actually grew a little bit faster. So Sachin, maybe if you could remind us what the nuance difference is? I know one is a subset of the other.
Sachin Mehra : Yeah. So in other revenue, we have a bunch of our services revenue would sit there, but there's other stuff going on in that as well. So you've got for example, some of our Vocalink revenues sits in there. The Nets acquisition would sit in there. And so if you're looking at the other revenue growth rate of 30%, remember 9 points of that growth came from acquisitions, which is just basically a lapping effect of the fact that we didn't have those acquisitions last year at this time than we do at this point in time. So on services, services continues to grow very nicely. A large part of that sits in other revenues. Some of it is in transaction processing. But the growth you're seeing in other revenue is being -- is a combination of strong services growth plus some of the acquisitions, which you're seeing come through in that growth rate there.
Jamie Friedman : Got it. Thank you for the clarification. 
Sachin Mehra : Sure.
Operator: Your next question will come from George Mihalos with Cowen.
George Mihalos : Great. Thanks for taking my questions, guys. Just very quickly, Sachin, I'm curious, as you look through the weekly trends year-to-date here through January, are you seeing a lot of variability, meaning are you seeing sort of a bigger pickup as we go through the month? And then somewhat related to that, if you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the rest of the world.
Sachin Mehra : Sorry, what are we seeing in the rest of the world, did you say?
George Mihalos : Rest of the world versus U.S. I mean, it looks like if I look at your volumes for credit at least, the worldwide volume is now starting to accelerate a little bit and pick up. So I'm just wondering if you're starting to see that really come into the numbers over the last couple of weeks.
Sachin Mehra : Yeah. Okay. So I got your question. So look, I mean, in terms of weekly trends, they bounce around. I mean there's so much which goes on in the nature of weekly trends. It varies depending on the month in question. I'm not seeing anything which is highly unusual in terms of what we're sharing with you on our first three weeks of January in terms of weekly trends. But there is volatility week-over-week. And you would expect that to be the case. And sometimes, it's a comp issue as well. So you got to remember that you've got to kind of go back to what you're comparing the comp to and to see if there's differences in growth rates, which is emanating from that. When we look at spend levels, that's kind of generally the case. As it relates to rest of the world versus the U.S., look, the U.S. on a growth rate basis has a tougher comp this year in the first three weeks of January, just by virtue of the fact that we had a whole bunch come in from the economic stimulus last year. Conversely in the rest of the world, particularly in Europe, when you really think about what's going on there, there was a lockdown in Europe which took place last year in January. So you have an easier comp on Europe from a growth rate standpoint. So you have to factor those in when you're looking at the growth rates there.
Warren Kneeshaw : I think we have time for just one final question.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America.
Jason Kupferberg : Thanks, guys. Just wanted to ask a question about how we should think about quarterly cadence here of net revenue growth. Obviously, you told us about Q1. It sounds like Omicron and FX and rebates are somewhat of a headwind there. Your year-over-year comp, obviously, is much harder in the second quarter than the first quarter. But arguably, you won't really have Omicron headwind at that point.  So just wanted to try and get things calibrated from a modeling standpoint, at least through the first half of the year directionally as we work towards the full year target.
Sachin Mehra : Yeah, Jason. So I'd say, obviously, we've given you some thoughts around Q1 and for the full year at this point to get you started. We'll talk a little bit more about other quarters as the year progressive. But just stepping back a bit, as we said in our remarks, we expect that cross-border travel recovery will resume as the surge passes. And that will reach the cross-border travel back to the 2019 levels by the end of 2022. Look, we continue to be very active on the deal front. And so that needs to be taken into account. But overall, here's what I would say that the pace of cross-border travel recovery will be a key determinant as to how that cadence plays out. And more to come as we go through the year. I'll share a little bit more about what we think about ensuing quarters. But right now, that's the extent of what I'm going to share with you.
Warren Kneeshaw: Great, thanks, Sachin. Michael, any final comments?
Michael Miebach : Yeah. I was hoping the last question would be for me. Anyway so thank you for all your questions. As you see, we’re optimistic with the outlook. We reaffirmed our three year guidance that we gave you in November. I don’t think there’s any need to repeat anything we said. I’d just like to thank you for your support. And as usual, a call out for people that make all this happen. Thank you and speak to you next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Mastercard Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, Jumaria. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2021 earnings call. With me today are Michael Miebach, our Chief Executive Officer; and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Michael and Sachin, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning.  Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I would like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days.  With that, I will now turn the call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Michael Miebach.
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Warren. Good morning, everyone. So let me start by giving you the highlights of the quarter. Strong revenue and earnings growth continued. The net revenue up 29% and EPS up 48% versus a year ago, as always, on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis. On this same basis, quarter three net revenues are now 11% above pre-COVID levels in 2019. We're seeing continued strength in domestic spending and overall cross-border volumes are now back at 2019 levels, though there still remains significant rules for growth in cross-border travel. We're continuing to execute against our strategic priorities with good progress on the product and deal fronts this quarter, and we're excited about our acquisition of CipherTrace in the crypto services area and our planned acquisition of Aiia in open banking. So those are the highlights. Looking at the broader economy, domestic spending levels continue to improve, even though economies are facing supply chain constraints, rising energy prices, and some other inflationary pressures. According to our quarter three SpendingPulse report, which is based on wall payment types, including cash and check, U.S. retail sales, ex auto, ex gas were up 5% versus a year ago and 12% versus 2019, reflecting the return to in-person shopping in the ongoing e-commerce strength. SpendingPulse also indicated an overall European retail sales in quarter three were up 5% and 6% versus 2019. As it relates to COVID specifically, the outlook continues to get better with case numbers generally improving, new therapeutics in the pipeline, progress in vaccinations, and businesses becoming more agile in the phase of remaining restrictions. We're also seeing a general trend toward the opening of travel corridors, notably inbound into the U.S. and some easing of restrictions in Asia. Now turning to our business. While the pandemic is not fully behind us, we're now in the growth phase in most markets domestically and in many markets in cross-border spending as well. We will, therefore, turn the page, and move beyond the four-phased framework that guided us from the last 19 months and focus on managing the business for the growth opportunities ahead of us. Looking at Mastercard's spending trends, Switched volumes improved quarter-over-quarter. We saw particular strength in consumer and commercial credit. Debit spend remains elevated, although it has moderated in recent weeks in part due to waning stimulus benefits. In terms of how people are spending, card-present volumes continue to improve as people are getting out and shopping more while we're still seeing sustained strength in card-not-present spend.  So regardless of whether people want to shop online or in-person, our solutions support that choice and position us well to participate in both trends. Now let's take a look at cross-border. Overall, cross-border returned to 2019 levels in August, driven by improvements in consumer and commercial travel, as well as the ongoing strength of cross-border card-not-present spending ex travel. Our cross-border travel improved from 48% of 2019 levels in the second quarter to 72% this quarter, with substantial upside potential still remaining as and when borders open. Against this backdrop, we're investing in the growth of our business, including the enhancing ends of our leading technology capabilities, like expanding our network edge to connect directly with our customers through the cloud, providing faster and easier access to our products and services. And, of course, we remain focused on our strategic priorities: number one, rolling out core products while driving the shift to digital; two, differentiating and diversifying with our services; and three, leveraging our multi-rail capabilities to offer choice across payment applications.  Now, let's take them one-by-one and turn to how we're growing our core products and driving the shift through digital: through Mastercard Installments, by winning core deals and by continuing our momentum in the fintech space. First, let me tell you about our recently announced Mastercard Installments, our scalable, open loop, buy-now-pay-later solution. Mastercard Installments is differentiated in that it enables banks, lenders, fintechs, and wallets to seamlessly bring buy-now-pay-later solutions to consumers and merchants at scale and in a secure, tokenized manner. With little to no integration for merchants, our solution avoids the need for lenders to engage merchants one-by-one to roll this out, enables them to deliver more payment options to more consumers faster.  Our solution brings choice at scale, delivered through the Mastercard network. Our consumers will be able to access buy-now-pay-later offers through their bank's mobile banking app at the point of checkout and soon directly through Click to Pay. The embedded power of Finicity will help lenders with credit decisioning and enable consumers to easily choose different repayment options. Mastercard Installments will power our core payments and enable us to provide additional value through services, such as data analytics, loyalty, and fraud tools. We've seen strong interest from players on all sides of the ecosystem and look forward to growing our partnerships in this area. As always, we remain focused on continuing to grow share, and we've won deals across the globe this quarter.  In the UK, we're partnering with Chase as the preferred debit partner of their new digital retail bank. In Canada, we've extended our exclusive co-brand with Costco Canada. And in Brazil, we signed a deal with AutoPass to issue more than 10 million cards to mass transit users in the Sao Paulo area, and along with that, open contactless acceptance across their subway trains and city buses. We're also building our leading position with fintechs and mobile money providers. Here are a few recent examples. PayPal has extended its PayPal Business Debit card into our four markets in Europe. PayPal will also directly leverage Mastercard Send for domestic wallet cash-outs and P2P transactions in the U.S. We're partnering with Vodafone in Egypt across all of their mobile money use cases, including cash-outs, P2P, and bill payments. We expanded our strategic partnerships with Yandex in Russia and we'll be their preferred international partner for all of their fintech initiatives. And Finterra, an innovative market leader that connects U.S. banks and fintechs to get cards and financial products into the market, will leverage our digital-first Finicity, Mastercard Send, and cybersecurity assets. Now, shifting to services. Our services support and differentiate our core products and have played a critical role in enabling many of the wins I just mentioned. They, of course, also diversify our business. We had many wins in this area in this quarter. Starting with the cybersecurity space. Ethoca is helping multiple players, including AT&T and Mercado Libre, reduce charge-backs through collaboration, thereby creating purchase transparency.  Banco de Bogotá is using our artificial intelligence capabilities to improve consumer experiences, increased profitability, and identifying new opportunities. In Europe, the term is leveraging NuData's behavioral biometrics to help thousands of new banks authenticate online transactions. Data analytics. The tourism agencies in Greece, Hungary, and elsewhere are using services like tourism insights and managed services to gather greater visibility of trends and drive deeper insights to support the tourism campaigns. In the UAE, HSBC is leveraging our test-and-learn capabilities to innovate, experiment and roll out new products for better customer engagement. And we're having success in the loyalty space with our innovative digital solutions, driving wins with players like the global fitness chain, Barry's, and First and Saudi National Bank. Now, let's turn to the progress we've made in offering choice to consumers across payment applications with our multi-real capabilities, including open banking, B2B, and crypto. In open banking, we're happy about our planned acquisition of Aiia. Aiia is a leading European open banking player, whose platform expertise, strong API connectivity, and payment capabilities complement our existing open banking assets. We will combine Aiia's European footprint with Finicity's connectivity in the U.S. and our expansion into other markets like Australia. This will allow us to extend each organization's best-in-class capabilities, such as credit decisioning, credit scoring, account information services, and payment applications across markets. Talking about markets, we continue to make progress with our open banking products in Europe with players like Entercard, one of Scandinavia's leading credit card companies. In the U.S., Finicity is working with UGO to enable account opening verifications, along with future plans to expand into payments.  In B2B, we continued to expand the Track Business Payment Service network with key partners like JPMorgan Chase, as well as merchant acquirers such as Moneris, the largest acquirer and leading processor of B2B transactions in Canada, and Priority Commercial Payments, a leading payments technology Company in commercial payment solutions in the U.S. We're also adding new functionality to Track DBS and are partnering with Demica to launch a supply chain finance capability. This functionality empowers payment agents to provide their business customers with access to affordable working capital directly through the Mastercard Track DBS platform. And in the UK, HSBC will be the first to issue a Mastercard Track Card to Account Transfer product, an innovative B2B payment solution that allows businesses to use their commercial card program to make payments with any supplier, even if that supplier does not accept card payments, again, a true multi-rail offering. And finally, in the crypto space, we're making it easier for crypto players to connect to our network. We signed up a number of new crypto wallet providers and exchanges this quarter, including Bit2Me, Mobile Power UK, Kanga by ZEN.com, Coinmotion and CoinJar,. Our crypto program, which is based on three principles of engagement, allows consumers to easily buy crypto assets with their Mastercard, spend their crypto balances wherever Mastercard is accepted, cash out their proceeds with Mastercard Send and earn rewards in the form of crypto or even NFT. We're also seeing a growing services opportunity in this space.  Earlier this month, we acquired CipherTrace, a security and fraud monitoring Company with expertise, technologies, insights into more than 900 cryptocurrencies. Our recently announced agreement with Bakkt will also add to our expanding crypto services portfolio. So let me sum this up one more time. We delivered strong revenue earnings growth this quarter. We're seeing continued strength in domestic spending in most markets. And while overall cross-border volumes are back at 2019 levels, there remains significant room for growth in cross-border travel. We're executing against our strategic priorities with good progress of the product and deal front, as you heard, we're doing all of that while carefully managing our expenses. That's it for me. Sachin, over to you.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Michael, and good morning, everyone. So turning to Page 3, which shows our financial performance for the quarter on a currency-neutral basis, excluding special items and the impact of gains and losses on our equity investments. Net revenue was up 29%, reflecting the continued execution of our strategy and the ongoing recovery in spending. Acquisitions contributed 3 ppt to this growth. Operating expenses increased 23%, including an 8 ppt increase from acquisitions. Operating income was up 34% and net income was up 45%, both of which include a 1 ppt decrease related to acquisitions. Further, net income growth was also positively impacted by 6 ppt due to the recognition of higher one-time discrete U.S. tax benefits versus a year ago.  EPS was up 48% year-over-year to $2.37, which includes $0.02 of dilution related to our recent acquisitions, offset by a $0.04 contribution from share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased $1.6 billion worth of stock and an additional $361 million through October 25, 2021. So now, let's turn to Page 4, where you can see the operational metrics for the third quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV increased by 20% year-over-year on a local currency basis. We are seeing continued strength in both debit and credit. U.S. GDV increased by 20%, with debit growth of 9% and credit growth of 36%. Outside of the U.S., volume increased 20%, with debit growth of 23% and credit growth of 16%. To put this in perspective, as a percentage of 2019 levels, GDV is at a 121%, up 2 ppt sequentially, with credit at a 111%, up 4 ppt sequentially, and debit at a 131%, flat quarter-over-quarter. Cross-border volume was up 52% globally for the quarter, with intra-Europe cross-border volumes up 47% and other cross-border volumes up 60%, reflecting continued improvement and the lapping of the pandemic last year.  In the third quarter, cross-border volume was at 97% of 2019 levels, with intra-Europe at a 112% and other cross-border volume at 83% of 2019 levels. Notably, cross-border volumes averaged at or above 100% of 2019 levels in the months of August and September. Turning now to Page 5. Switched transactions grew 25% year-over-year in Q3 and were at a 131% of 2019 levels. Card-not-present growth rates remained strong and card-present growth continued to improve. Card-present growth was aided in part by increases in contactless penetration in several regions. In Q3, contactless transactions represented 48% of in-person purchase transactions globally, up from 45% last quarter. In addition, card growth was 8%. Globally, there are 2.9 billion Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards issued. Now let's turn to Page 6 for highlights on a few of the revenue line items, again described on a currency-neutral basis, unless otherwise noted. The increase in net revenue of 29% was primarily driven by domestic and cross-border transaction and volume growth, as well as strong growth in services, partially offset by higher rebates and incentives. As previously mentioned, acquisitions contributed approximately 3 ppt to net revenue growth.  Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items. Domestic assessments were up 21%, while worldwide GDV grew 20%. Cross-border volume fees increased 59%, while cross-border volumes increased 52%. The 7 ppt difference is primarily due to favorable mix as higher yielding ex intra-Europe cross-border volumes grew faster than intra-Europe cross-border volumes this quarter. Transaction processing fees were up 26%, generally in line with switched transaction growth of 25%. Other revenues were up 35%, including a 10 ppt contribution from acquisitions. The remaining growth was mostly driven by our cyber and intelligence and data and services solutions. Finally, rebates and incentives were up 34%, reflecting the strong growth in volumes of transactions and new and renewed deal activity.  Moving on to Page 7, you can see that on a currency-neutral basis, total operating expenses increased 23%, including an 8 ppt impact from acquisitions. Excluding acquisitions, operating expenses grew 16%, primarily due to higher personnel costs as we invest in our strategic initiatives, including – sorry increased spending on advertising and marketing and increased data processing costs. Turning to Page 8, let's discuss the specific metrics for the first three weeks of October. We are seeing continued strength in growth rates across our operating metrics versus 2020, in part, due to the lapping effects related to the pandemic that began last year. To provide you better visibility into current spending levels, we are, once again, showing 2021 volumes and transactions as a percentage of the 2019 amounts, when we're not experiencing the impact of the pandemic. So if you look at spending levels as a percentage of 2019 for switched volumes through the first three weeks of October, the recent trends have continued with overall switched volumes at a 134% of 2019 levels, up 3 ppt versus Q3.  The U.S. has held steady with some moderation in growth from earlier levels due to the roll-off of stimulus, and outside the U.S., we're seeing continued improvement. Trends in switched transactions remains steady and are generally tracking the trends we're seeing in switched volumes. In terms of cross-border, as I noted earlier, spending levels as a percentage of 2019 were back to pre-pandemic levels, starting in August. That improving trend has continued through the first three weeks of October, and we are now at a 105% of 2019 levels. This improvement is driven by increases in both travel and non-travel cross-border volumes. As it relates to travels, we have seen it picking up in all regions, notably within and to Europe and recently into Canada as well. Turning to Page 9, I wanted to really share our current thoughts looking forward. First off, our deal momentum and service lines continued to position us well for growth and diversify our revenues, and we continue to make strong progress against our strategic objectives. Domestic spending levels remain healthy, and we are encouraged by the recent resurgence in international travel. We are optimistic about the announced relaxation of border restrictions in places like the U.S. and the UK, given that we have seen travel pickup when borders have opened in the past.  Further, the airlines have recently reported increased travel bookings, including long-haul travel. With this as context, assuming domestic and cross-border spending trends relative to 2019 continue to improve, we would expect Q4 net revenues to grow at a low 20s rate year-over-year on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. As a reminder, spending recovered progressively in 2020, so we will be facing a more difficult comp of approximately 7 ppt in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter. It is also important to point out that this is just one potential scenario as the level of uncertainty remains related to the pandemic and therefore, the pace of recovery may not be linear. In terms of operating expenses for the fourth quarter, we expect operating expenses to grow at the low end of low double digits versus a year ago on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. This reflects our disciplined approach to expense management while advancing our innovation agenda across payments, services, and promising new adjacencies and continued investment in brand and product marketing. With respect to acquisitions, we are pleased to now have closed on the CipherTrace transaction, and we expect acquisitions will contribute about 2 to 3 ppt to revenue and 8 ppt to operating expense growth in Q4. This reflects the integration of several acquisitions in the open banking, digital identity, and real-time payment areas. Other items to keep in mind. Foreign exchange is expected to be about 0.5 ppt headwind to both net revenue and operating expenses in Q4. On the other income and expense line, we are at an expense run rate of approximately $120 million per quarter, given the prevailing interest rates. This excludes gains and losses on our equity investments, which are excluded from our non-GAAP metrics. And finally, we expect the tax rate of approximately 18% to 19% for the fourth quarter. Thanks, and I hope you will be able to participate in our Virtual Investment Community Meeting on November 10th. We look forward to discussing our future plans with you at that time. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Warren.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thanks, Sachin. Jumaria, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operators Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Lisa Ellis from MoffettNathanson. Please proceed with your question.
Lisa Ellis: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Since you launched Mastercard Installments now a few weeks ago, can you give some color on what kind of reaction you're seeing from your fintech and bank partners? And also, are you expecting that some of the specialized BNPL providers may use elements of Mastercard Installments? Why or why not, like what would be the trade-off that they will be making there? Thank you.
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Lisa. Let me take that question first. So buy-now-pay-later, exciting space. We talked about it for years, invested with our own installment proposition, facing off to banks five, six years ago, the partnerships, and now as of late Mastercard Installments, as you said. You saw a strong lineup of initial partners, bank partners initially. I mean, the thought is to remind everybody, again, here is a proposition that we have built into our network. So this is really delivered with no hassle for merchants or for lenders at the point of sale. So the reaction from banks are strong. Here in the U.S., that's where our lineup of U.S. partners - lending partners was.  But I've spent time on the roads over the last three weeks in Europe and similar conversation emerged there. It was just a couple of days after the announcement over Italy and banks were saying, "Wow, this makes a lot of sense. It's really avoiding a significant headache for us and get into a space that we all believe is important from a consumer perspective." On the fintech side, fintech lenders, novel lenders, we lean in with fintechs, some call them disruptors. We feel these are partnerships, we should enable anybody who wants to come on our network, and we're certainly marketing that to ensure that we have the full breadth of what the market has in terms of lending offering. That's going to be good for consumers and merchants. So watch this space, more to come. But I think, it's a very compelling proposition.
Lisa Ellis: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Don Fandetti from Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Donald Fandetti: Hi, good morning. Michael, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about disintermediation. And it seems like investors are more focused on it after the Square-Afterpay deal. Can you talk about that and your thoughts on more direct payments out of consumer accounts in the U.S.?
Michael Miebach: Right. So Don, great question. Choice and payments has been a theme for Mastercard now for, I think, basically always, but specifically with our investments in the account-to-account space over the last six years. So we see the demand for merchants and from consumers. For the consumer, it makes sense because you get all your spend into – you can see it all on one bank account. That would be one aspect to why consumers might like that. Merchants like it for choice and higher baskets of more sales. So the interest is clearly there. We’ve been on this journey for a while and we don’t necessarily see this as a. I mean, that's certainly something to watch.  But we look at it as an opportunity. We say this could be additional volumes that we've not been involved with. This could be what was historically the consumer finance business. This would be something that was just direct debit business that we've seen in some European countries and so forth. So that's broadly how we look at it. We build a full stack around this that helps to get your money from A to B, but that's just half of the story. Probably not even half of the story because it's the whole experience that really matters. You got to have the security. What happens if you do a push payment and you want your money back? Some of those best practices that we've learned over the last decades in cards is what we're intending to build here. So it's interesting to see blogs out there on how account to account might look like. We have four years now in Pay by Account in the UK. We've got those learnings. We're ahead of the market here very clearly knowing what works, what the economic model should look like, what's the proposition that would really make a difference for merchants, for acquirers who will be all playing in this space. So I don't see a disintermediation risk, I see an opportunity for us to extend our partnerships and gain new flows.
Sachin Mehra: And I'll just add on to what Michael just said. As it relates to your question around specifically on the threat of closed loops, look, we're big believers in the benefits of the open loop system, which we believe is very powerful. I mean, for the reasons Michael just mentioned, we bring consumers at scale. We bring global acceptance. I mean, we have north of 80 million merchant acceptance points, and this is growing rapidly, and the cost of acceptance is very competitive. And when you take that, along with what Michael talked about around the various technologies and the expertise we bring, everything from digital solutions, fraud solutions, merchant support, processing assets, now most recently, Mastercard Installments, that’s a very compelling proposition to go and look in our view, which is why we believe that if people wish to scale, the best way to go on is open loop, which is why we've kind of given investment in the business very heavily to drive down that back.
Donald Fandetti: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Bryan Keane: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to ask about cross-border travel. Visa, yesterday, I was talking about cross-border travel, not getting to a 100% on the two-year until summer of calendar year '23. Just wanted to get your thoughts on when do you think we'll get to reach back to 100% on cross-border travel? And then secondly, it looks like you guys are running a little bit faster, a little bit ahead of Visa's number for cross-border travel. I'm just wondering what might be some of the factors that are driving a little stronger demand for you guys so far. Thanks.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. So Bryan, I'll go ahead and take that. First, I know you're asking specifically about cross-border travel, but I just want to kind of put the headline out there, which is for cross-border, as a whole, we have seen very strong growth in Q3 as you've seen. And yes, travel has been a big component of that. Specifically, travel between Q2 and Q3 has gone from what was 48% of 2019 levels to 72% in Q3. And now, in the first three weeks of October, it's tracking more like at 77%. And, look, what this signals to us very clearly is if people can travel, they will travel, and I think that's really, really important to recognize. And then when you overlay that with what's going on in the nature of announcements, around opening of borders, more specifically, the U.S. has recently talked about inbound travel into the U.S. In fact, I think, just a couple of days ago, they laid out the actual details around how people can come into the U.S. I mean, you combine that with the fact that Europe has opened up, the UK is showing good signals of opening up. Even in Asia, we’re starting to see corridors between Singapore and Australia, Singapore and India. These corridors are all starting to open up. These are all encouraging signs for us from a cross-border travel standpoint. And we remain optimistic on that front, especially given that if those borders open up and they come with what would be light burdens from a quarantining standpoint, which is what we're seeing right now. People have said that they will travel and they've demonstrated that through Q3. So net-net, here is what I’ll tell you, I think travel is something which people want to do. They're showing that willingness to do it. Now it's a question of which are the other countries which we will open up in addition to the borders I've just talked about. And you're reflecting – you’re seeing this to be reflected in the bookings, which airlines are boarding as well. So we remain optimistic on this front. I can't really tell you specifically which day or which month it's going to reach up to a 100% of 2019 levels. But generally, the trend is more moving in the right direction there.
Michael Miebach: Right. And coming back to being on the road for quite a few weeks, you start to see also the mix changing. While initially, this was leisure travel, you start to see business travel really kicking in. So that gives us another signal that really the pent-up demand is coming across all channels. People want to see their customers, they wanted to see their family first, now they want to see their customers. It's happening.
Sachin Mehra: And just one final point I'll make. You remember over the last few quarters, we've talked about how in anticipation for the return of travel, we have been investing in bolstering our capabilities from a travel standpoint. And we've been doing this actually for many years now, but even through the pandemic, we've been winning deals in travel as also our teams have been very focused on the ground in terms of making sure we're optimizing our travel portfolio the best we can. So we're ready to actually jump on this as soon as we start to see the strength come back, which we are seeing now.
Bryan Keane: Great. Thanks for taking the question.
Michael Miebach: Sure.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of George Mihalos from Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
George Mihalos: Great. Thanks for taking my question, guys. Maybe dovetailing a little bit onto Bryan's question. I just wanted to focus a little bit on how we should be thinking maybe about rebates and incentives going forward. Sachin, should we be thinking this level is sort of similar - 4Q was similar level to 3Q? And then, again, not asking for guidance for next year, obviously. But as you do have cross-border revenues coming back strongly and actually eclipsing 2019 in aggregate, should that sort of put a cap on rebates and incentives as a percentage of revenue, meaning should it, kind of be flattish, if not maybe even a little bit down from '21? Thank you.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. So George, couple of things I kind of just point out on rebates and incentives. I think you know all of this, but I'll just kind of state it here. A few things. We think that incentives is very dependent on the timing of deals and how volume and mix plays out. And it goes to your point around what the mix is between domestic and cross-border and how you model that and bring that in there. In Q4, we expect rebates and incentives as a percentage of growth to be up sequentially due to increased deal activity. This is pretty normal for us in Q4, and that's what you should expect also going into Q4 of this year. So at the end of the day, a lot is going to depend upon, like I said, what the mix is going to look like. We have said in the past that cross-border revenues are less indexed from a rebates and incentive standpoint. So again, depending on mix between domestic and cross-border, that will inform our kind of views around where rebates and incentives will go on a going-forward basis. Of course, new and renewed deals, which we remain very active in the market, are also going to be a contributing factor.
George Mihalos: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Tien Tsin Huang: Hey, thanks so much. Good morning, guys. Just wanted to ask on the Europe front with the discontinuance of the 400 million Maestro cards, that's been in the press here. What are the implications there from a - I'm trying to think from a P&L perspective, as you look to convert at a time when open banking is really heating up here? Just trying to better understand that. Thanks.
Michael Miebach: Hi, Tien-Tsin, let me start on that and then Sachin can comment on the P&L side of things. So we've been on this journey of Maestro to Debit Mastercard conversions around the world. You heard us talk about this for a number of years. In Europe, we've really made substantial progress on that front over the years, and we felt it would be important to put a stake in the ground and give assurance to consumers as well as other ecosystem participants, banks, sales force, banking associations of when we see the end of life for the Maestro product. Why are we doing that? We're doing it because here's 450 million consumers who cannot use a Maestro card online because it doesn't work online.  Debit Mastercard is now in its latest form available in a digital-first form. You don't even need a physical card any longer if that's what you want to do, or if you want it just contactless, it gives you the full breadth of choice. So that is why we're doing this. The timing is right. The reaction was essentially, okay, it has to do in some of the leading European tabloids, we made it onto the front page with that news. It is big news in Europe as you rightly said. But it's just a right thing to do. And what we've seen from a performance perspective, it is a more engaging payment tool in your hands, and people use it across all channels, and that's what we want. So we're very encouraged about that. And then Sachin, you can look at the P&L side of thing.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. So Tien-Tsin, this will not take effect until 2023, and Michael talked about approximately 400 million Maestro cards globally. Again, this is Europe-specific. There's been a trend which is currently been underway for some time now, and the reality is it's about not issuing new Maestro cards. Existing Maestro cards will continue to be in operation. We've been on this migration path. It makes imminent sense. It just provides better utility for our products in an increasingly digital world. So the reality is I know of view this as a step in the right direction, and we've been on this journey, we'll continue down this path.
Michael Miebach: Right. And one last aspect here is this - what we've learned here is over the last couple of years as we are moving the shift from Maestro to Debit Mastercard is how do we use this as an opportunity to not only retain our business that we have on the debit front, but also to expand our business on the debit front, so we don't have any concerns on that front.
Tien Tsin Huang: Understood. Thanks for the thoughts.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Darrin Peller: Thanks, guys. Nice job. Listen, when we look at – or a couple of quick ones is on in - first on inflation and what the impact to your business model would be. Thinking about it from a perspective of how much is obviously, basis points volume-driven, but also we are using pricing power in your model to change? And then second question would be, when you think of the structural impacts from the pandemic and where you are now and thinking ahead of the Investor Day a minute, I mean, is the long-term or medium-term growth potential similar, different, better, worse than it was last time we entered Investor Day, out of curiosity? Thanks, guys.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. So Darrin, I'll take your question on inflation. So look, I mean, there's been obviously a lot of talk recently about high inflation levels, whether it's permanent, whether it's long-term, whether it's just transitionary. The reality is the structure of our business model is quite conducive because of the way we price, right? I mean, we've got basis points. We've got cents per transaction as it relates to how we kind of price. So we kind of view the following, which is to the extent that inflation is moderate, right? We think that – of that to be a positive tailwind kind of to our business.  Again, gradual and moderate inflation is going to be helpful. And the reason I bring that up is any sort of shock to the economy, i.e., any sort of hyperinflationary event oftentimes comes with drastic measures from an interest rate standpoint and comes with cost pressures, which come along with that. So to the extend it's moderate, it's moderately kind of positive for our business. The other thing I would say is it's important to actually see in the basket of goods and services what are the products and services, which are subject to inflation and what is the amount of electronification of the flows, which have taken place and relevance to our business.  So to the extent there's inflation, general inflation taking place in categories which are unrelated to card payments. I mean, that's kind of a net non-event for us. To the extent it's on things which relate to consumer spending, which have been electronified and goes back to my point around moderate inflation being a mild positive here.
Michael Miebach: All right. Now, Darrin, on your second question, structural changes are they here to last, what makes a trend? Fascinating question. I don't want to upfront the Investor Day, but since you asked the question, I'll give you a couple of highlights on how we're thinking about that. So, the first thing is it helps to understand the psyche of the changing consumer of the small business, so everybody who's kind of in the payment space as an end user and we now have 19 months of studies looking at this, and the numbers have really not changed. Somewhere around 70% of people and business are saying, more digital banking will be what they will be doing going forward. More online shopping is what they will be doing going forward and more contactless. So the secular trend that was playing in our favor for years has clearly accelerated. I mean, if you just look at this quarter's numbers, we talked about sustained e-commerce strength while in-person shopping is coming back. So behavior is truly sticking. So that is - I think that's the most fundamental point that we're seeing coming through. The race to this digital economy it's on. And what that also means is a lot of players want to come in. So there are structural changes in the sense of that the competitive playing field is opening up. More partners are coming in, which for B2B2C player like us is a great opportunity to facilitate the entry of all of these partners, so that's what we're doing. Then you start to look around and say, "Well, who else is looking at this, these kind of trends and these kind of developments?" Most notably governments. Governments are looking at this and they have found that over the last 19 months, that payments is indeed a national critical infrastructure. So that comes with government engagement, which is not always necessarily positive. But what we're seeing is, is a real drive to modernize payment infrastructure, and that is where we are invited to the table because we're a true multi-rail network. And they're saying, "Hey, you're locally invested, you're a locally relevant partner. Let's talk about how do we make this better in our country." So that is certainly a structural change as Tien-Tsin asked earlier about new payment flows coming in, open banking, et cetera., in Europe. So we're playing on all of those trends going forward.  So I think that is what is happening. You could - I could go on for a while longer. B2B, clearly, digitizing supply chains is a drive that is in focus. We're seeing that. Data analytics and cybersecurity, that's the last point I want to make on this. With the race towards a more digital economy, there's going to be more data that is available, more business will seek to use that data and run their business in a better way to find more customers. Our test and learn capabilities, our data analytics capabilities help on that. So again, that's a structural trend that's helpful and the same applies for cyber and security. More digital transactions need to be made safe, more people need to be authenticated as they use these tools, again, that plays into our offering. So structural change is really driven by COVID accelerating the race to digital.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Togut from Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning. What are your expectations over the next year for the pace of European adoption of account-to-account payments under open banking, especially given the shift online that you've really underscored during COVID? And, in particular, I'm wondering if you see strong customer authentication, which is really a key to account-to-account payments in Europe, being rolled out broadly enough to really affect, let's say, broader adoption of account-to-account payments throughout Europe.
Michael Miebach: David, let me start on that, and maybe Sachin wants to chime in. So the journey towards account-to-account in Europe, I think it's still early days. So if you look at how PSD2 has rolled out in Europe starting in September 2019, including the strong customer authentication, has been a long journey. Dates have been moved on multiple occasions to give time to the industry to get this right, and get right means that the transaction isn't so secure that nobody can use it any longer. So the trade-off between consumer experience and security is actually found in a balanced way, and what we're seeing in our engagements in Europe is that balance is starting to be struck. So we will reach a point where such strong customer authentication in cards, as well as in other forms of payments will be actually a reality in Europe. So that's the first thing I want to say. When it comes to open banking specifically, so there has been over the last two years, really a focus on driving connectivity in Europe in terms of getting the open banking ecosystem stood up. That's exactly why we put out in our connectivity product in June 2019. That was the first lead into the region, and we've been quite busy with that. Use cases emerging on the basis of that really started in 2020, the UK being ahead of Continental Europe on that while this was still one Europe and UK is still pushing ahead. You heard us talk about Lloyd's on card repayments, about our partnership with Tesco. So the payment capability part of all open banking is really leading in the UK and here our proposition is very well positioned. So we start to see that. And I see the way it’s coming over to Continental Europe as connectivity is now there. Our acquisition of Aiia is perfectly timed here. We expect to close this by the end of the year to not bring in additional- not only bring in additional connectivity, but also additional payment capabilities because I do see. This is not just a data capability, it's a big data, a kind of a data play, account aggregation, personal finance management, and so forth, but it's also a payment opportunity.
David Togut: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Harshita Rawat from Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Harshita Rawat: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Michael, I want to follow-up on your comments on crypto. This year, you've made several announcements, including the recent one with Bakkt and the acquisition of CipherTrace. Can you talk about how you see the overall ecosystem evolving? What ways Mastercard can participate here in the growth of crypto and potentially CBDC when they become live? Thank you.
Michael Miebach: Yes, Harshita. So always an exciting topic, and we could not have an earnings call without talking about crypto, so I'm happy you brought it up. Looking at this from a number of perspectives other than that, there's a lot going on in the space. We are pretty clear on how we want to play in this. So the first is we see significant volumes in terms of people actually investing in crypto and selling crypto. So as an asset class, there's a lot going on, and I think, we have a role to play to facilitate consumers wanting to do that, if that's what they choose to do.  So these partnership programs on exchanges, crypto exchanges and wallet partners and so forth, have been quite important for us and that is good from a volume perspective, there is real activity. When it comes to crypto as a payment tool, then we take a somewhat differentiated view on that versus we just step into that. We're saying at this point in time, the most likely chance of this kind of technology to work for payments is issued through a government in a form of Central Bank digital currency. We've said that on a couple of calls before, and we said we will make our network ready to do that as and when our government is ready to put out a Central Bank digital currency, then it will exist alongside the dollar or the euro in Settlement Currency in our network.  So we've done that, but that's easily said. How will the government test that? How will a country figure out between the private sector banks and the governments how to do this? That's where our sandbox comes in, so we can provide a safe space for government and private sector banks to figure out how that would actually work. Questions like the last mile, how do you bring utility in to the hands of your citizens if you put out a Central Bank digital currency acceptance questions and so forth. So facilitating investments as an asset class, we do that and we get ready for CBDC. Should there be a private sector stable coin, we might also do that, but we have very strict principles on when to do this and when not.  Now, let me talk about the CipherTrace for a moment, because this space is already an interesting space in so many ways, questions on data privacy, questions on authentication. We just touched on that in the context of Europe and strong customer authentication. We have to expect the Europeans will say, "Well, strong customer authentication will, of course, play a role in Crypto transactions as well," which is where we always lead with security and trust. I mean, that is really synonymous with the name of Mastercard when it comes to payments that we have to do the same role. So it's a massive services opportunity.  CipherTrace, 900 cryptocurrencys. What does CipherTrace actually do? They drive compliance and AML checks into crypto transactions. We can't run fast enough right now to get into the space because a lot of other people are deep into crypto and these questions are not resolved. So asset class, CBDCs and services opportunity, those are three ways that we feel we want to play and we need to play, and we have the differentiated assets to do so.
Harshita Rawat: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Dolev from Mizuho. Please proceed with your questions.
Dan Dolev: Hey. Thanks for taking my question.
Sachin Mehra: Hello.
Dan Dolev: So, how does the new offering by Plaid with the acquirers or any of that sort of potential disruption there impacting Mastercard and the networks in general? What is the kind of general strategy around it? We're getting a lot of calls on this topic. Thank you.
Michael Miebach: Dan, so I think I touched a little bit on an earlier question that we had on this topic. So here's a blog post that describes account-to-account. We have account-to-account technology really since the acquisition of Vocalink, and we've learned how that works. We like it because it's an additional choice that has provided to consumer and to merchants. But we also have all the learnings, and the learning go around like, how do you create acceptance into that? How do you make it easy for our merchant? How do you actually convince a consumer that actually likes the card proposition? So all of that, it is about standing up an ecosystem.  So, what we believe is this should be something that is built into our network, into our multi-rail capabilities, and it's actually how we're approaching it. So, we're leaning into this. I don't see it as a disruption. That's been our stated strategy, and we have five years of learning, and I think that puts us ahead of the curve to make this a reality. I think this is an interesting alternative when it comes to consumer payments in store, and we have it. We build it. It's for us to really figure out whether the economics settle, what other capabilities that are currently built into our card franchise can we extend into the world of account-to-account payments, for example, charge-backs, those kind of data protection and so forth.  So that's the direction that we are taking. Not really a disintermediation question, an interesting blog, the good things we've done in reality.
Sachin Mehra: Yes, and Dan, I'll just add to that. Just we've got to remember, right, there's a sizable TAM out there. And a fair amount of that TAM is likely not going to be able to be reached by card products. This is where our multi-rail philosophy and strategy as well as our ability to provide choice across various rails, one of which would be an open banking rail used for payment services. It's very helpful because it helps open up the TAM, which is available to us from what used to be primarily card-focused to much more than card-focused, and we do see that opportunity come through here in open banking as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Napoli from William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Bob Napoli: Thank you, and good morning. A follow-up on the cross-border business. I mean, obviously, very important business for Mastercard. As you look at that business and as we get to full recovery, do you think that the economics of that business will be similar to what they were prior to the pandemic? I mean, the continued development of blockchain and other technologies or account-to-account, is that going to pressure the economics of that business?
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Bob. Why don’t I take that. So, look, I mean, the value prop we used to deliver through cross-border payments on our carded products, pre-pandemic and post-pandemic is exactly the same. So we don’t expect that the economic returns, which they will generate, should be any different, given that the value we delivered previously, if anything, has only gotten better over a period of time with more electronification of flows taking place. To your point around several other account-to-account capabilities, which are there in the cross-border space, the reality is we're participating in them today. But it happened to be going after flows, which are not carded flows. They're not point-of-sales flows. They happen to be more in the nature of business-to-business payments. We do that with our – if you remember, we acquired a Company called Transfast, in addition to the fact that we have our capabilities from HomeSend. The combined capability of that is our cross-border Send capabilities, which is account-to-account cross-border payments. And we'll participate in those flows, but those are separate and distinct from what goes on at the point of sale with our card products today. So net-net, I kind of view the whole cross-border space as a positive for us as and when travel comes back from a card standpoint. And in the meantime, we continue to actually plant flags in different parts of the world with the reach we’ve established on our B2B flows from a cross-border standpoint.
Bob Napoli: Great. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Michael Miebach: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg from Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Kupferberg: Good morning, guys. A follow-up on cross-border. I guess, in the third quarter, the volume growth ex intra-Europe was 60%. It was again a very, very good proxy for the overall cross-border revenue growth in the quarter. So now, if we just look at October month-to-date trends, if those hold hypothetically through the rest of Q4, it would seem like cross-border revenue growth could again be around 60% this quarter, and arguably, that would be even before most of the potential benefits of the U.S. reopening kicks in. So is all that a fair characterization? Are there other moving parts should we be aware of? And can you just comment on which cross-border corridors are the highest yielding in your system?
Sachin Mehra: Yeah. So I think the answer to the first part of your question, I think, you kind of touched upon on the second part of your question, which talks about how revenues are realized on cross-border is very much a function, even in that ex intra-Europe kind of category. It will depend on every corridor. Every corridor has got a different yields, and depending on which ones come back first, which was come back after, the numbers from a cross-border revenue standpoint will kind of move around. As it relates to what we're seeing, look, I mean, I'll tell you pre-pandemic, important corridors for Mastercard included, obviously, U.S. to Canada, the U.S. to the UK, the UK to various parts in Continental Europe. These are all very important corridors. We've seen intra-Europe come back pretty nicely. The U.S. inbound is still to happen. I mean, there's a little bit happening, but there's more to come as borders open. Canada has started to open up. As you know, Canada opened up in the third quarter. We've seen signs of recovery take place in terms of inbound into Canada as well, and these are important corridors for our business. The one area which I'll say is still a little bit kind of yet to be seen is Asia-Pacific, right? In Asia-Pacific, recovery in cross-border has still been kind of somewhat muted. We'll see how borders open up there and what that kind of shapes up to be. But net-net, here is what I'll tell you from a yield standpoint, intra-Europe, low yielding, ex intra-Europe, high yielding. In the ex intra-Europe bucket, the yields vary by corridors.
Michael Miebach: Jumaria, I think, we have time for one last question.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks. Good morning. I think, Michael mentioned the waning impact of U.S. stimulus. I mean, we've seen the U.S. volume sort of stabilized here in terms of the growth. I'm just curious how you guys feel about the other side, which is credit rebounding? And I'm just thinking through the economic impact as lending comes back, lending-related volumes come back. Thanks.
Michael Miebach: Yes, Sanjay, let me just start on the rebound of credit. Back to changing in how people spend, start to see more in-person and more in-person certainly includes T&E, discretionary. Those are all use cases that are very much oriented toward credit. So that is what is driving that. The impact of stimulus on the debit side, we still see an elevated use of sustained use of debit going forward. So it's not a zero-sum game yet again, it's balancing out in a way that one is coming back and the other remains elevated. It really comes down to the size of the available wallet that consumers have. Sachin, you have any other thoughts on that one?
Sachin Mehra: Sanjay, I think it's interesting if you take us back to a couple of quarters ago, maybe three or four quarters ago, we talked about the same question as to what our views around credit and debit mix is going to look like, and we had kind of maintained that we think that there will be a reversion to the mean as economies come back and as discretionary spending picks up, and that's exactly what you're seeing right now, right? I mean, as people are spending more in discretionary categories, lodging, travel, restaurants, credit is definitely coming right back to the top of wallet. And we expect that as the economy continues to recover in different parts of the globe, that reversion to mean will continue, and that's kind of our view as it relates to how credit plays out over the near to medium-term.
Michael Miebach: All right. Good. Thanks, everybody. Thank you for your questions. We are going to close the call now. I hope to see you at the Investor Community Meeting. Generally, on these calls, it's not only the analyst community listening, the investor community, it’s also our staff. So I want to thank our staff for everything they have done through this quarter again. It feels like a bit of like a marathon as we turn out of COVID. See you at the ICM. Please do tune in. Thank you very much, everybody. Bye-bye.
Sachin Mehra: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Mastercard Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, Crystal, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our second quarter '21 Earnings Call. We hope you're all safe and sound. With me today are Michael Miebach, our Chief Executive Officer and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Michael and Sachin, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A section. It is only then the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data, and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency neutral basis unless otherwise noted. With the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I would like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website. With that, I will now turn the call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Michael Miebach.
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Warren, and good morning, everyone. So here are the highlights of the quarter. The strong momentum we started the year with accelerated this quarter, with net revenue up 31% and EPS up 37% versus a year ago, all that on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis. On that same basis, quarter two net revenues are now 10% over 2019 levels, even though international travel is in the early stages of recovery, which is showing the strength of our diversified revenue streams. Domestic switched volumes are well above pre-pandemic levels with all regions growing at a healthy rate. We are seeing improvements in both domestic and cross-border travel with significant upside potential. Within this context. we're making progress against our strategic objectives and have expanded our relationships with key partners like Citi, JPMorgan Chase, Barclays, Stripe, and Verizon. Let's dive in. Looking first at the broader economy, domestic spending levels continue to show improved in-store sales and strength in e-commerce. According to our quarter two SpendingPulse report, which is based on all payment types, including cash and checks, U.S. retail sales ex auto, ex gas were up 14% versus a year ago and up 10% versus 2019, reflecting improved consumer mobility and some residual effects of fiscal stimulus. SpendingPulse also indicated that overall European retail sales in quarter two were up 13% versus a year ago and 6% versus 2019. The vaccine rollout has scaled in the U.S., UK, and Germany and several other countries with over 35 countries now reporting that over 50% of their populations are at least partially vaccinated. Broadening this effort is critical and will of course take time. Turning to our business, specifically in the four-phased framework we established for managing through the COVID environment, we believe that most markets are at a growth phase domestically as cross-border spend is now starting to normalize, the border restrictions are being relaxed. Looking at Mastercard spending trends. Switched volumes continue to improve quarter-over-quarter with strength across all products. Debit spend remains elevated and we are seeing further recovery in credit, driven in part by the return of travel and increased discretionary spending. This recovery led by consumer credit, but it's important to note that commercial credit is also improving and has now reached pre-pandemic levels as well. In terms of how people are spending, they are definitely getting out more as we are seeing improvement in card-present spending, particularly in the travel, retail, and restaurant categories, while e-commerce continues to be strong. Now turning to cross-border. Cross-border card-not-present spending, excluding online travel spend, continues to be very strong. On the travel front itself, it is clear people want to travel and they do so where and when able to. We've seen domestically and across borders where there are limited restrictions. For example, we're seeing strength between the U.S. and Latin America as well as an increase in travel within Europe. Our industry reports, there has been a recent increase in bookings for travel between the U.S. and Europe and the quarantine requirements for entry into Canada are starting to be relaxed so that's a further opportunity. Overall, we expect more borders to open in the second half of the year depending, of course, on infection rates, including the recent variants and progress on the vaccination front. Against this improving backdrop, we are focusing on our strategic priorities: one, rolling out core products supported by our services; second, driving digital enablement both in-store and online; third, ensuring the ecosystem is safe and secure; and fourth, providing choice through our multi-rail capabilities. As always, we will do this with an eye towards driving top and bottom line growth over the long-term by continuing to manage our expenses carefully. Let's look at them one by one. First off, we're driving growth in our core products and the leveraging our comprehensive services to do so, working with new and existing customers to solve their pain points both in payments and beyond. We're well positioned to capitalize on the return of travel, and remain focused on building on our strength in this area by expanding relationships with our travel partners. For example, we have renewed our exclusive co-brand with JetBlue Airlines in the U.S. We also entered into a long-term global partnership with Cathay Pacific and Asia Miles, who will migrate their existing co-brand portfolio to Mastercard. In the Middle East, we have expanded our British Airways co-brand; and in Latin America, we are now the preferred brand for LATAM Airlines. It is important to note that our services played a critical role in enabling all these deals, including our data analytics, Test & Learn, loyalty, consulting, and cybersecurity solutions. Of course, we also continue to drive growth in the core outside of travel. Here are a few examples. We are excited about our partnership with Citi to launch the new Citi Custom Cash Mastercard, offering card members cashback in the top eligible spend category. JPMorgan Chase, we've extended and deepened our agreement in the commercial space and we have renewed our Master brand relationship with Chase in the U.S. We also continue to partner closely with community banks throughout the U.S., including a flip of First Southern National Bank’s debit portfolio to become their exclusive network brand. On the digital front, we’re well positioned to drive the acceleration of the secular shift with our digital capabilities no matter how consumers want to shop in store, online, or both. As consumers return to in-person shopping, adoption of contactless continues to grow. In the second quarter, contactless penetration represented 45% of in-person purchase transactions globally according to our switched transactions, that's up from 37% a year ago. At the same time, e-commerce continues its strong growth and we are providing consumers choice on how they want to pay online. For example, Click to Pay, which improves the guest checkout experience, is now rolled out in over 10 markets and we continue to launch a significant new merchants, such as the Canadian Tire Group. On to the Buy Now Pay Later space in Australia, we are partnering with Citi and Commonwealth Bank of Australia to offer instalments to consumers wherever Mastercard is accepted and whether in store or online we are securing and streamlining the consumer experience through our tokenization services. Tokenized transactions across in store, online, and in-app surpassed 1 billion per month throughout the second quarter. We continue to partner with major digital players to expand the reach of our digital capabilities. For example, we just entered a strategic partnership with Stripe to give business a small control over how they spend their money by enabling Stripe users to create, manage, and distribute virtual and physical cards for small business, commercial and consumer across credit, debit, and prepaid. We also entered a partnership with Verizon to bring 5G innovation to the global payments industry. Leveraging our services and insights and pairing Mastercard solution with Verizon's 5G connectivity will allow us to create better experiences from the checkout lines being built, even to how businesses are run. The increased capacity and reduced latency of 5G will enable us to take another step towards making every device a commerce device. Now, on to securing the ecosystem. As more merchants and consumer shift to digital, the importance of keeping the ecosystem safe and secure is paramount and is creating a strong demand for our cyber-solutions. In addition to organic growth, the number of our acquisitions in the space continue to perform well. For example, Ethoca had strong deal momentum, including a fraud and dispute management agreement with EBANK, a payment solution provider operating across 15 countries in Latin America. RiskRecon, which monitors and accesses customers’ third-party cybersecurity risk is now scanning millions of companies globally up from thousands when we acquired them at the end of 2019.  NuData is providing biometric fraud prevention tools to Major League Baseball and we very happy to advance our digital identity capabilities with the acquisition of Ekata that is now closed and off to a strong start on the deal front. Last but certainly not least, let's turn to our initiatives focused on addressing a broader set of payment tools with our multi-rail capabilities. The key here is to provide choice. Essentially, the right tool for the job. There are multi-rail approach, including our expertise and capabilities in cards, real-time payments, and support for digital currencies, we are able to deploy the right combination of assets to meet our customers' needs. And more than just having this range of capabilities, we're making these solutions work together seamlessly. Let me give you a few examples. In B2B, we're making progress with Mastercard Track, building out our global open-loop network by working with buyer agents and supplier agents, such as banks, software companies, and ERP vendors. On the bank side, we're very excited to have signed Barclaycard payments. So we'll use track to connect their global business customers on both the buyer and the supplier side ecosystem across multiple rails. You can also find FreshBooks, a premier accounting software platform with customers in over 100 countries. In the Bill Pay space, we continue to scale the Mastercard's Bill Pay Exchange, which leverages our real-time payment capabilities to provide a transformative mobile first experience to bill payments with Citi Treasury and Trade solutions now connecting into the platform. The Mastercard Send continued to penetrate a variety of new payment flows beyond traditional card payments, this enabled dozens of use cases and hundreds of programs across every region of the world. For example, we are partnering with innovative digital messaging platforms to offer P2P services to consumers. Today use of WhatsApp in Brazil and transfer money directly in app leveraging Mastercard's Send. We're also partnering with MoneyGram and Checkout enable near real-time cross border P2P transfers across Europe. And on the B2C front, we continue to support the fast-growing Gig economy and then partnering with Payfare to enable instant earnings payouts, some of the largest Gig platform in the U.S.. Through open banking, Mastercard is empowering people and businesses across the globe to easily and securely gain access to their financial data to create new opportunities for themselves. In the U.S., our efforts with Finicity are running ahead of expectations as we continue to enhance direct API connectivity for banks and fintechs. For example, we're partnering with Jack Henry to enable consumers to bank at more than 400 community financial institutions to use its digital platform to access use and benefit from their own financial data. Navy Federal Credit Union recently signed direct data access agreements with Finicity. Finicity is also leveraging data connections to launch new products and new verticals, such as its mortgage verification service. And finally, in terms of crypto currency; we're making it easier for cryptocurrency wallets to connect seamlessly to our network through pilot Paxos, Circle and Evolve Bank & Trust, which simplifies the conversion of crypto into fiat. Secondly, we're partnering with ConsenSys, the Ethereum software engineering firm to accelerate the development of crypto applications and services for all our customers. Now, summing all of this up, we delivered strong revenue and earnings growth this quarter, benefiting from our revenue diversification efforts. We believe that most markets are on a growth phase domestically and there is upside potential in cross-border travel. We're winning significant new deals and we continue to focus on our strategic priorities to drive growth over the long term. Sachin, over to you.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Michael. Now turning to page 3, which shows our financial performance for the quarter on currency neutral to basis excluding special items and the impact of gains and losses on the company's equity investment. Net revenue was up 31%, reflecting the continued execution of our strategy, strong recovery in spending. Acquisitions contributed 3 ppt to this growth. Operating expenses increased 28%, including an 8 ppt increase from acquisitions. Operating income was up 34% and net income was up 36%, both of which include a 2 ppt decrease related to acquisitions. EPS was up 37% year-over-year to $1.95, which includes $0.03 of dilution related to our recent acquisitions, offset by a $0.02 contribution on share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased $1.7 million worth of stock and an additional $398 million through July 26, 2021. So, now let's turn to page 4 where you can see the operational metrics for the second quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV increased by 33% year-over-year on a local currency basis. We are seeing strength in debit and credit. U.S. GDV increased by 34% with debit growth of 23% and credit growth of 50%. Outside of the U.S., volume increased 32% with debit growth of 39% and credit growth of 25%. Gross dollar volume about 58% globally for the quarter with intra-Europe volumes up 48% and other Cross-border volumes up 71%, reflecting continued improvement and the lapping of the debts of the pandemic last year. In the second quarter, Cross-Border volume was 87% of 2019 levels with intra-Europe almost back to even at 97% and other Cross-Border volume at 79% of 2019 levels. Turning to page 5, switched transactions grew 41% year-over-year in Q2 and we're at 127% of 2019 levels. Card-not-present growth rates remain strong and card present growth continued to improve aided in part by an increase in contactless penetration across every region. In addition, card growth was 8%. Globally, there are 2.9 billion Mastercard and Maestro branded cards issued. Let's turn page 6 for highlights on the QR of the revenue line items again described on a currency neutral basis unless otherwise noted. The increase in net revenue of 31% was primarily driven by domestic and cross-border transaction and volume growth, as well as strong growth in services, partially offset by higher rebates and incentives. As previously mentioned, acquisitions contributed approximately 3 ppt to net revenue growth. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items, domestic assessments were up 36%, while worldwide GDV growth was up 33%, the 3 ppt difference is mainly driven by pricing and mix. Cross-border volume fees increased 60% while cross-border volumes increased 58%. The 2 ppt difference is primarily due to favorable mix as cross-border volumes ex intra-Europe grew faster than intra-Europe volumes this quarter, partially offset by the lapping of elevated levels of return activity a year ago. Transaction processing fees were up 33% while switched transactions were up 41%. The 8 ppt difference is primarily driven by the lapping of elevated return activity a year ago and adverse mix. Other revenues were up 32%, including a 9 ppt contribution from acquisitions. The remaining growth was mostly driven by our Cyber and Intelligence and Data and Services solutions. Finally, rebates and incentives were up 49%, reflecting the strong growth in volumes and transactions and new and renewed deal activity. Moving on to be page 7, you can see that on a currency neutral basis, total operating expenses increased 28%, including the impact from acquisitions. The remaining growth in operating expenses was primarily due to higher personnel costs as we invest in our strategic initiatives, increased spending on advertising and marketing, and increased data processing costs Turning now to page 8, let's discuss the specific metrics for the first 3 weeks of July. We are seeing significant improvements in the growth rates across our operating metrics versus 2020 in part due to the lapping effects related to the pandemic that began last year. To provide you better visibility into current spending levels, we thought it would be useful to once again present the 2021 volumes and transactions as a percentage of the 2019 amounts, when we were not experiencing the impact of the pandemic. So, if you look at the spending levels and the percentage of 2019 for switched volumes, the broad-based recovery continued through the second quarter and into July. Specifically, in the first three weeks of July, switched volume spend levels are at 130% of 2019 levels, which is an 9 ppt improvement over Q1. We have seen further recovery in card-present spending with improvements in travel-related categories, including lodging and restaurants. Of note in the U.S., we are seeing consumer airline spent improve significantly since the early part of Q2 with the volumes now back to pre-pandemic levels. Present switched transactions remain steady and are generally tracking the trend we are seeing in switched volumes. In terms of cross-border, spending levels as a percentage of 2019 show an improving travel trend. Cross border travel, which includes both card-present and travel related card-not-present volumes increased from 39% to 66% of 2019 levels from April to July, primarily driven by strength in Europe and between the U.S. and Latin America. Asia Pacific has been slower to recover. Cross border card-not-present ex travel continues to grow at a healthy rate above pre-pandemic levels, this has moderated recently relative to 2019 levels in part due to a reduced contribution from the purchase of cryptocurrencies and the lapping of significant e-com promotional activity in 2019. Turning now to page 9, I wanted to share our current thoughts looking forward. First off, we continue to make strong progress against our strategic objectives and [indiscernible] solution to grow with the new and renewed deals we continue to sign. Domestic spending levels are showing healthy growth and we are well positioned for return of travel with travel-oriented portfolios. Further, our service lines continue to grow at a healthy rate. Turning to the third quarter. If spending levels to continue to improve along the current trajectory, we would expect Q3 net revenues to grow at the high end of mid-20s growth rate year-over-year on a currency neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. As a reminder, Q2 2020 marked the low point of the pandemic from a spending standpoint with some recovery in the following quarter. So, we will be facing a more difficult bump of approximately 3 ppt in the third quarter. It is also important to point out and this is just one potential scenario as the level uncertainty remains related to new COVID variants and the progress of vaccinations. And, therefore, the pace of recovery may not be linear. In terms of operating expenses, we will continue our disciplined approach to expense management, while advancing our strategic objectives in key areas, such as digital, cybersecurity, data analytics, B2B, and our material solutions, including related brand and product marketing investments. For Q3, we expect operating expenses to grow at the high end of mid-teens rate versus the year ago on a currency neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. As a reminder, we are lapping the spending actions we took last year as the pandemic developed. With respect to acquisitions, we are pleased to have closed on the transaction with Ekata earlier than expected and expect acquisitions will contribute about 2 to 3 ppt to revenue in Q3 and Q4. Similarly, acquisitions will contribute approximately 9 to 10 ppt to operating expense growth in both Q3 and Q4 as we integrate several acquisitions in promising new growth areas, such as open banking, digital identity, and real-time payments. As a reminder, we discretely disclosed the impact of acquisitions all the year in which they close and the subsequent year after which time we do not split them out. Other items to keep in mind, foreign exchange is expected to be a 0 to 1 ppt tailwind to net revenues and a 1 to 2 ppt headwind to operating expenses in Q3. On the other income and expense line, we are at an expense run rate of approximately $115 million per quarter within the prevailing interest rates. This excludes gains and losses on our equity investments, which are excluded from our non-GAAP metrics. And finally, we expect the tax rate of approximately 17% to 18% for the year based on the current geographic mix of our business, an improvement over previous expectation due to some discrete tax benefits realized in Q2. One last point, I wanted to let you know that we are planning an Investment Community Meeting for the fall in New York. We are planning a hybrid event on November 10th and we look forward to discussing our future plans with you at that time. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Warren.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thanks, Sachin. Crystal, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hey, good morning, everyone, and thanks for all the details as usual. Just want to - just going through, Sachin, some of the numbers you gave and just want to get your updated thinking here on operating leverage in the second half of the year, including the digestion of deals, looks like there is some, but I'm just curious how aggressive some of the spending will be on the integrations given that there's a lot going on, lot of good things going on there with some of the acquisitions that you’ve done and the focus on services if that makes sense?
Sachin Mehra: Yes. So Tien-Tsin, it's like I said in my comments, I think what we have line of sight on is the acquisitions, which we have done, which we have announced and that's why I've given you some level of guidance on as it relates to what contribution they're going to have from a revenue standpoint and an expense standpoint, all of which I just went through in my prepared remarks. Look, the reality is we're running the business for the long-term. We're trying to drive long-term revenue growth and at the same time long-term bottom line growth, and I will do this in a disciplined manner. We have demonstrated over the period of the pandemic that we have sufficient flexibility in our expense base to actually make sure that we continue to execute on our strategic objectives, and at the same time, keep an eye on how we are seeing the top line come around. So, I guess, my point to you is the following, which is we will continue to what's right for the business to drive long-term growth by investing in key strategic areas, both organic and inorganic and that's kind of where we are. In terms of the specifics on the numbers, it's what I just shared with you. We expect that acquisitions will contribute between 2 and 3 points to revenue in the third and the fourth quarter and between 9 and 10 points of expense growth in the third and the fourth quarter.
Michael Miebach: Yes. Just something to add, Tien-Tsin, here is, if you look at the three big acquisitions that have come in over the last year or so, Nets, the largest one we have done, giving us a real advantage in real-time payments around the world. You have the Finicity open banking, now that's a trend that's very hot. We feel really good about that one. And then digital identity, Ekata is foundational to everything that we do online. So very critical acquisitions to Sachin's point. We have to do what is right. But one thing is not changing that is, that's very clearly that our discipline on execution, we stick to our 24 months non-diluted measure on all of these. So, I just want to put that out there with you as well.
Tien-Tsin Huang: All fair point and those are all important areas. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harshita Rawat with Bernstein.
Harshita Rawat: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Michael, last week you announced the card offerings to crypto companies, which simplifies crypto conversion to fiat and this fits within and the other announcements you’ve made in crypto. Take the step back. Can you talk about the value proposition Mastercard is bringing to the table for crypto companies, central banks or CBDC, stablecoins providers and the different ways they are either engaging there? Thanks.
Michael Miebach: Right. Thanks, Harshita. Great question, very important topic is obviously a vibrant space around digital currencies. Let me go back to what we discussed in the previous call, where we said, there’s broadly three different categories that are in play here, which is central bank digital currencies and then there is private sector stablecoins and there is a floating cryptos. So, we told you that we want to be playing a role across all of them. We also said in the first quarter call that as far as stablecoins are concerned, we are getting ready to technologically enable our network to carry these stablecoins as settlement currency, provided they meet one of our - all three of our criteria, which is regulatory compliance, consumer protection, and stability. So, none of that has changed. Let me just give you a view on what has happened since we had that conversation. So, on the Central Bank digital currency front, things are definitely continuing to move forward. We see a lot of central banks engaged on the topic. The ECB has just recently announced that they will actually move forward with the digital euro after a period of industry consultation. Bank of England is in this period of industry engagement at this point right now, so there is clear progress. What is our value proposition to central banks and governments in this space is first of all, we bring a unique perspective to the market as - to these players as a multi-rail provider because all these countries have to make the trade-off what is my existing financial system delivering my existing financial infrastructure and what else is the central bank digital currency solving for, everybody has different motivations ranging from financial inclusion to cross-border payments and hence we're are sought after partly because we have experience in all of that. I think a particularly critical proposition here is our virtual testing platform because all of these design choices the governments have to make and that we consult them on, we then have to live in the wild so to say. They’ve got to work with the existing financial infrastructure and that's what our virtual test platform does for them. So that's the proposition at this stage for central banks. On the private sector stablecoins, nothing much different, other than up engaging with private sector players as well as regulators on what does good policy look like around private sector stablecoins because this question about regulatory compliance is still unresolved and regulators do need to weigh-in and we're a part of that dialog. On falling cryptos here, the point of currency stability is not solved. So, we won't be enabling that as settlement currency on our network, but clearly people want to invest in that and want to sell their investments and we're going to make this as easy as possible, so we have all these partnerships out there. Now, here's the thing with our announcement last week and that is coin digital currency wallets out there oftentimes prefer to stay in crypto as these transactions are made selling and buying of investments. And here's where our partnerships, for example, with Paxos come in. It is our partner that allows the digital wallet to stay in crypto as they settle with Paxos and Paxos settles with us in fiat. That's an interim step for us as and when we reach to a point that we might be enabling stablecoins on our network itself. So that's kind of where we are, playing a role across the board. This is relevant technology. As a multi-rail player, we got to be in this space, because people are looking for answers.
Harshita Rawat: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson.
Lisa Ellis: Good morning. Good stuff. Thanks for taking my question. I have one question on B2B payments. Michael, in your prepared remarks, you called out progress on Mastercard Track and Bill Pay Exchange. Taking a step back, can you just give us a sense right now of where you are in terms of scale and trajectory holistically in the digitization of B2B, especially as it seems like some of that digitization has gotten a bit of a jump-start to the pandemic, anything you can dimensionalize around volumes growth rates, et cetera? Thank you.
Michael Miebach: All right. Thanks, Lisa. B2B, a huge, huge space, obviously. TAM of $125 trillion, so how we're going about it? One bite at a time, I would say. So the first thing I should say is our commercial business. It is there, it's coming back, commercial travel is coming back as I noted earlier in my comments. So, here the focus is on small business, virtual card. And in the B2B space, specifically virtual card solutions, for example, on online travel agencies. So all that is continuing, but it's worth noting. We give you a number sometime back and then 2020, this was 11% of our GDV and that is what we're happy about that. Now, when it comes to B2B, very specifically, has multifaceted approach, I talk you through earlier across Bill Pay, Track and the whole list that I talked about. Here, I see that if I take Bill Pay today if you look at the fact that we have a quarter of all bills being paid addressable and a third of the biller, so that gives us real scale. So, I think we have come to a point of scalability here with the right kinds of players. Last quarter, we added to Verizon as a biller to the mix. So, that is encouraging. We haven't given specific numbers and we haven't done in this quarter yet, but I really see that is going the right direction and with Nets coming in. We have a significant footprint in Europe. They run a scale Bill Pay business over there. So when the time is right, we'll share some numbers around that. Now, at B2B specifically Track, the excitement around a large bank like Barclays joining the Track ecosystem is great. We fine-tuned our go-to-market with ERP and software providers. So the rollout here is progressing well with both sides, buy-end supplier and buy-end supplier agents. Again, we haven't given numbers yet, but it would be what you would expect when you build it at 2-sided network. We're starting to have players on both sides we could start to connect the corridors. So, the value proposition of Track. At data switch, a payment optimization engine and the choice in multi-rail payments is really starting to get hold. We said you a couple of times, this is going to be a multi-rail journey. COVID, while there was a realization that B2B supply chains have been affected by COVID and there is a desire to digitize, it wasn't exactly top of mind through COVID. So, we're starting to see this interest coming back. So, that's kind of where we are. Sachin, you have anything to add.
Sachin Mehra: Yes, sure. I'd just make one more point which is, as we think about B2B, we also think about it from a segment growth, right. What is the micro kind of business environment, small business environment, mid-market, and then large corporate and when you actually dissect along those lines, you will see that there is a significant amount of spend which takes place across the micro and small business space? And if you further break that down, you will see that there is a significant amount of that spend which takes place in cash. So the only point I'm kind of trying to make is that the value prop of the card rail in B2B still stands and stands pretty strong to displace cash, much like it has in the consumer space and is a tremendous opportunity for digitalization to continue down that path there as well. So, I know, we talked a lot about unstable flow and I think that's super important, but we certainly internally are not losing sight of the fact that the significant amount of cash spend which still takes place where the value prop of stands good.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific, lot of checks, awesome. Terrific color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Maurer with Autonomous Research.
Craig Maurer: Yes, hi, thanks for taking the questions. Two questions for you. One, any thoughts on the reopening of the Durbin Amendment discussion. And second, are you planning to update your three year guide at the Investor Day later this year. And I know you just announced it, but figured I'd ask anyway. Thanks.
Sachin Mehra: Okay. So, let me take the last one which comes like a bit of a cheeky response. I think you will just have to tune in Craig to find out if we going to get 3-year guidance or longer term guidance at the time. On interchange, so complex topic for sure and the new administration is looking at various regulatory and lawmaking initiatives as we all know we've just seen news yesterday. Now from the outset, we've learned in with the new administration to build a really positive relationship. So that is very good and we're continuing obviously the same kind of interaction and engagement on the topic as important as interchange to our industry with lawmakers on the Hill House, Senate on both sides of the aisle. We're monitoring this very closely. There is chatter here and there on interchange, it is a topic that's always been focused by different parties. What I would say is we've had the benefit of now having many years of playing seeing these interchange regulation on debit play out as an enough data us for us out there to say that really what it was intended to do, we can't really see it. Cost for consumers have gone up and benefits have been reduced. We keep providing that data to lawmakers and other interested parties and say, here's what I want the facts are stating. Now, when it comes to interchange regulation by the credit, you would expect the same in terms of cost impact and in terms of benefits impact, but there is another aspect here and that is the access to credit. You should assume that the access to credit for middle-class Americans is going to be impacted and not in permanent way if this interchange regulation comes in and so it is all something that needs to be thought through very carefully. What are the puts and takes? Why does this makes sense and that's the dialog we're leaning in, it's a good thing as we things play out in many other markets around the world and have some experience with that and cannot bring to the table as well. So, that's kind of where we are closely monitoring
Craig Maurer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks. Good morning. Obviously, a lot of eyes on cross-border travel spending and there were some constructive data points this quarter. Maybe two interrelated questions understanding the Delta variant adds complexity to our view, but do you think that we continued to see progress on travel spending going forward. And I think Sachin, you mentioned in your third quarter view, you expect continued spending trends. Is there a view on cross-border as well?
Sachin Mehra: Yes. Hey, Sanjay. I am sure why don't I go ahead and take that question. So really I will purposefully think the following, which is again the uncertainty in the environment prevails given all these variants, which have been showing up, but the reality is the following, which is, it has been clearly demonstrated that people want to travel and they do so when they're able to travel and that's been showing in the domestic environment and that's been now shown in the cross-border environment. So, one of the things, which is something which we very closely track is how is it that booking levels are taking place, what's kind of trajectory of spend looking like or trajectory of kind of data looking like and then which are the corridors which are opening up based on, for example, earlier this week, there was a dialog around on the UK being opened up the vaccinated people coming from the U.S. and from other countries. So, the reality is the following, which is the data has been seen, it is what we shared with you through the first three weeks in July. We are positive in terms of our sentiment as we progress through the second half of the year that as people get more vaccinated. More corridors will open up and as more borders open up, people will exercise their ability to travel because they have the intent to travel and this is really, really important because as I look at what's going on across the globe, you can see that the U.S., Latin America, which has the ability to travel with the borders being open, people are exercising that and they are showing [indiscernible] that come through. Similarly, now we're hearing about Canada opening up, which will be again something, which is encouraging from our perspective in terms of how we will play that out. If, on the other hand, is still I would say pretty kind of subdued level just because of the reality of the situation in Asia being what it is with the variance now actually getting to higher levels in certain country in Asia. So, hard to predict. But longer term, I guess, what I kind of look through all of this, but we feel encouraged about is that the vibrancy of travel is something, which will come back and most importantly, we are very well positioned to capitalize on that as and when it does come back.
Warren Kneeshaw: I just want to add one point as I listen to Sachin what I find very noteworthy here is back to the comment about like 35 countries have now over 50% of vaccinations level. So, this kind of sequence of you are vaccinated and you are willing to travel, which we have both seen as proof points and then governments finding ways now to enable these corridors as what we've seen in Canada and the UK. There is a full stock of people who are vaccinated and want to travel and until you come to the point of who else is not vaccinated. There is a long runway for us for this to play out, but as Sachin said very difficult to predict at this point, but those are facts that are on the table that we are looking at and we've seen it over the last three weeks.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research.
Darrin Peller: Hey, thanks guys. We're now a year-and-quarter basically into the pandemic, Michael, when we think about the structural and sustainable elements of what we're seeing in volume and even some of the other aspects of your revenue, like some of the value added service that you've really been growing well probably better than I think we would have expected pre-pandemic. Can you give us a sense now if you revisited that what you see as now sustainably elevated, structurally better that could persist over the next few years beyond just stimulus and pent-up demand?
Michael Miebach: Yes. So Darrin, the pent-up demand at some point in time going to level out. I think you're right, Once you've caught up time and met everybody again and what we're going to come to the back of that, but there's still some more pent-up demand to go, particularly on commercial traffic. We'll see how that would play out. You know it's interesting when you look over the last 2 quarters, we see continued elevated levels of digital e-commerce spend, but we see in store coming back. So there is not a net zero game going on. I think this is actually really generally secular trend against cash that is going to continue to run for a very long time. So, it's good to have these two legs to stand on from our business model. I think that will remain, you will see some of the e-commerce going to reduce over time, but I don't think we will go back to the levels that we had before the pandemic because people who would have learned better experiences and they would like to continue with that. I think every bit of consumer research that we do tells us that and, by the way, this is not just for online shopping, it is for digital banking and for contactless. it's for everything across the board and generally between 60% and 70% of people that we ask and so we ask them every month say exactly that. With this push towards a more digital world, more data that needs to be kept safe, so I could I see that the path for our cyber-security solutions is a very clear and a very good one and we will not see of eversion to something there before because you have the elevated driver of more digital just out there driving that business and the same for data and analytics. Data analytics, again, more data people want to understand it back to what is Sachin talking about small business. Here's a bunch of players that have traditionally maybe not used tools like that. Understanding and managing their business through data and analytics, but now they can, so there is a whole new segment that is opening up that we will, would like to serve through our partners in terms of real insights and how you run the business online from whatever you might have been doing in the brick and mortar space before. So, I think those are structural changes that are here to last. Cross border I don't think there's going to be something dramatically structural changing. That's really the cross border e-commerce. I think that is, that's again -- some people would have figured out that this does actually work. It couldn't go anywhere they were using cross border e-commerce platforms and tools and I think that will continue. One more thing that comes to mind structurally is the heightened and elevated interest of governments in electronic payments and digital payments that has started last year, again that was driven by the prices initially, how do I get my stimulus payment out to now a conversation why this is an interesting space and I founded my infrastructure is stated, I need to partner with people, so that is something that I see fundamentally as an opportunity, but it's important to engage with governments as you know as a fair partner and see that local footprints and things like that do matter that is we are well positioned with our multi-rail infrastructure to [indiscernible]. So, the few things that come to mind, in fact, lead us earlier question on B2B. I think is continued interest in digitizing B2B supply chain and therefore B2B payments that will also play out and grow over time over the next 2, 3 years.
Darrin Peller: That's really helpful. Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Dolev with Mizuho.
Dan Dolev: Okay. Hey, guys. Thank you so much. I was very interested in the Stripe partnership and in some of the other partnerships. Can you may be shed some more light on what we doing with Stripe. It sounds very differentiated. Thank you.
Michael Miebach: Yes. Dan how long -- the joint partnership. As you heard me say, this is really across the board, a true strategic partnership. So, this is enabling their customer set with basically every payment tool that is available and providing choice, that's in the end what this is about. Verizon entirely different strategic partnerships. but here's a here's another network, but a 5G network. We said what could we do. In fact, we talked about SME in this call in a couple of occasions now. Think about an SME that today has a card terminal and how they're going to compete with the marketplace. If you imagine for a moment you have a full Internet connectivity with not much infrastructure that you need to bring in and then you can provide a true omnichannel experience even the smallest business can do that. That is what, 5G can deliver at any endpoint anywhere in any situation and that is the vision that the Verizon and his team and our folks that we have developed. This is very specific. We've been on it for a while and we're expecting to make a real difference there. So, two different types of strategic partnerships. I think they both matter. Come back to the point that it's for us providing choice and payments to anyone out there that is transacting in payments.
Dan Dolev: Yes. That is done.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane: Hi guys, good morning. I know we talked about cross-border travel just thinking about cross-border card-not-present ex travel. I know that drop of touch in June and then the month-to-date July. Just wondering what the outlook might be, should we see further lower growth numbers there as we had into further through the year as we think about maybe more in-store activity, tougher comps, less e-com promotional activity. Just trying to get a pulse on that number as we go forward. Thanks.
Sachin Mehra: Hey, Brian. So, couple of things going to point out on that line item really at the end of the day that are things which are I can call episodic which took place in the months of April and June and there is volatility in the price of crypto. There is more purchases which took place there as the price came down, then you had the inverse effect of that taking place. So, the reality is that to us is kind of one of those things which will remain volatile and I say that only because I don't know when the price is going to go and how people are going to exercise their choice to purchase crypto on a going forward basis. What I will tell you is we've seen a decent level of deceleration takes place and how people utilizing Mastercard products to purchase these digital currencies like crypto over the last 3 weeks, as reflected in the numbers. So that's kind of one of the factors, which includes that. The second thing is [indiscernible]; where the timing of the e-com promotional activity took place in 2019 happened to be in the first few weeks of July. So that angle will give us something which is on a going forward basis going to be impacting what the super index growth rate is for this line item 2021 versus 2019. Suffice it to say the following, which is the trend towards digital continues. It's true and domestic, it's true and cross border and the fact that that is a positive tailwind back to what Michael just talked about in terms of structural changes, something we are well positioned to actually keep participating in as you know as economies evolve and things start looking up in different parts of the globe. So that's what I'd like to share with you on that one.
Bryan Keane: Got it. Thanks for the call.
Sachin Mehra: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America.
Jason Kupferberg: Thanks, guys. Good morning. I am just ask a follow-up on cross-border. In the second quarter, the cross border volume growth ex intra-Europe was a really good proxy for your overall cross-border revenue growth. So, I mean just hypothetically if July month-to-date trends hold for these volumes for the rest of Q3, it would seem like cross-border revenue growth could approach 60% this quarter. So I just wanted to see if that's a fair characterization or if there's any other moving parts we should be aware of. And then, if you can just give us some quick comments on Q3, Q4 rebates; that would be great. Thank you.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. So on cross-border, Jason, I mentioned to you that that you're aware about the fact that intra-Europe cross border is low yielding than all other cross border. I think that's one thing to keep in mind because growth rates across those populations will spend will determine what revenue growth rate ultimately looks like. The reality in the second quarter we had a couple come from an elevated level of returns that we had seen and last year, which had the impact of subduing our cross-border volume key growth rate, some in this second quarter. And again, it's not like those returns are elevated and returns only took place in the second quarter of last year as the pandemic hit people started making cancellations in terms of their airline bookings, their hotel bookings and that's kind of while it tapered, It's still a going into the third quarter as well. So, it's something to keep in mind as to what the puts and takes are when you're thinking about growth rates. On rebates and incentives, here's what I'd tell you, I think you're very well aware about the focus of the Company on making sure we are setting ourselves up to continue to win market and winning market share. It comes through creating fantastic value proposition and then delivering them at great value to our customers, which is whether rebates and incentives come into play. So, we continue to do that and we will continue to do a new deals which will have an impact on rebates and incentives. The one to one piece of information I'll share with you is that as it relates to Q3, we expect rebates and incentives as a percentage of growth to be January generally in line with what we saw in Q2. That's the extent of what I'm going to share with you in terms of where I kind of see [indiscernible] incentives playing out. Obviously, the mix of volume as well [ph].
Jason Kupferberg: Thank you. Very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey with Truist Securities.
Andrew Jeffrey: Hi, good morning. Appreciate taking the question. Michael, lots of progress on risk fraud ID etc. It sounds like services generally are pretty important growth driver. I wonder if you could compare and contrast what Mastercard is doing versus some of the sort of purpose of risk and fraud products in the market, different channels, different capabilities, kind of how you coexist and compete with, with some of those independent providers looking up like a risk applied [ph].
Michael Miebach: Right. Thanks, Andrew. Great, great question. So, if you look at our services portfolio to start with we try to seek an entry point as the sweet spot leveraging our footprint in payments and our data and then have the technological capabilities and the talent and all of that coming together to a differentiated proposition. So, you're ready see us compete with other services player on a pure play and that has nothing to do with our position and payments. So that's the starting point of our strategy and we are looking for adjacencies that just leverage our core competencies. Now, when it comes to the cyber-solutions If I think about a product like decision intelligence, which basically helps our customers to make decide what's a good decision and what is not a good decision, It is exactly at the sweet spot of everything that I said. I had the transaction data, the availability to having them in real-time in our system available and then using state-of-the-art AI to make the decisions for our customers. So, here I think we have from a competitive landscape perspective, a real leg up versus pure plays. Similar in loyalty, we are one of the largest loyalty players in the world, They are few plays, but the fact that we see all the transaction flow and we can look at aggregated anonymized data of look-alikes and what they are interested in and how their preferences go in terms of rewards, offers, mileage programs and so forth, again, puts us in a differentiated proposition. You see us building out our proposition in Cyber and coming back to that. Looking at the whole value chain, decision intelligence about the transaction before the transaction. What we're now doing is the foundational element. So here we go in; [indiscernible] is in itself having a set of data that allows us in real-time to help a customer one of our customers decide if this account opening requests is a good one or bad one, that is very high confidence store. That customer is obviously interested in working with us on the downstream through the whole value chain of the transaction and other Cyber Security solutions automated fulfillment where you again say is that address actually a real address or is somebody that is just ordering something in somebody else's name. So, that's how we're thinking about it holistically and leveraging our footprint in payments.
Warren Kneeshaw: Crystal. I think we have time for one final question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Napoli with William Blair.
Bob Napoli: Thank you and good morning, Andrew kind of stole my lead question there, but also question on open banking. I think it has been suggested that is performing, the Finicity is performing better than expected. So hoping to maybe get a little bit more color on what's working better than expected and the longer-term open banking strategy for Mastercard?
Michael Miebach: Bob, great point. Open banking, it's important trend. What we really like is this whole concept of putting power into the hand of the individual using their own data to get a better choice and services, the financial services, they're not [indiscernible] eventually, so we like that. We've been active in Europe for 3 years now, two years now. We went live in summer 2019 over there, good momentum. You heard us talk about Tesco and Lloyds in the UK, set of use cases that are now live so happy about that. Good for print over there and then here at Finicity that was a real kick for us closing that transaction in November last year. And the Finicity team, first of all your team in permission API there, they are the inventors of the FDX standard so they live and breathe open banking and that is really critical for us as a player here in the U.S.; great incumbent in the market. Now, what is going better than expectations, I see a lot of momentum and engaging with banks they have best-in-class data connections and they had a best footprint in banks because now that and everybody else is looking at that and said let's disconnect with Finicity but we also see progress on the Fintech side because this is an ecosystem that works on both sides. So we are excited about that. They had an interesting set of solutions today that account verification, credit decisioning system and now with the mortgage verification service, we're starting to build out at the same time of a driving on the deal front. And we're also expanding the product set by bringing our data together with their data and our tech talent with tech talent, so on every dimension really on, around Finicity, we are quite happy.
Bob Napoli: Great, thank you. Appreciate it.
Warren Kneeshaw: All right, good. I think that brings us to the end of our time. I gave you a summary of the quarter just earlier on, so I am not going to repeat that again. Just wanted to thank you for all your support all throughout and looking forward to speaking to you in a quarter from now. Thank you very much, and goodbye.
Michael Miebach: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Q1 2021 Mastercard Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker’s presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, Denise, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. We hope you're all safe and sound. With me today are Michael Miebach, our Chief Executive Officer; and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Michael and Sachin, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data, and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency neutral basis unless otherwise noted. With the release and the slide deck both include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I would like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I will now turn the call over to our Chief Executive Officer Mike Miebach.
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Warren, and good morning, everyone. So here are the headlines. We started the year with good momentum, delivering positive net revenue growth this quarter. We're encouraged by the return of domestic spending levels to pre-pandemic trends. We continue to execute against our strategic objectives as we signed notable new deals, advanced our multi-rail strategy by closing our transaction with Nets and extended our digital identity capabilities with the planned acquisition of Ekata. So let's dive in looking at the broader economy first. Domestic spending levels showed continued improvement with very strong e-commerce sales. According to our quarter one spending pulse report, which is based on all tender types, U.S. retail sales were up 11.8% versus a year ago ex-auto ex-gas. This reflects the impact of fiscal stimulus and the lapping of the start of the pandemic. Spending costs also indicated that overall European retail sales got close to flat in quarter one versus a year ago. The vaccine rollout has become scaled in the U.S., U.K. and several other countries. And broadening this critical effort is underway, but will take time. Let's start with our business specifically and the four phases framework we established for managing through the COVID environment. At this time last year, markets were going through the containment and stabilization phases. We now believe many markets are transitioning from the normalization phase to the growth phase domestically. Cross-border travel spending continues to be in the stabilization phase where spending is restricted due to closed borders. Looking at Mastercard spending trends, volumes continued to improve quarter-over-quarter with strength across products. We saw particular strength in debit, primarily driven by fiscal stimulus and share gains. In terms of how people are spending e-commerce continues to be strong and we're seeing improvements in card-present spending. On the travel front, we've seen some recent improvements in domestic travel, primarily personal travel. Cross-border travel remains limited as border restrictions remain in place for most markets. Cross-border card-not-present spending excluding online travel spend continues to hold up well. As we have observed in many markets progress is not always linear. And we believe there's significant pent-up demand for travel as we've just seen in domestic travel. We expect domestic travel to improve progressively throughout the year in countries with strong vaccination programs. International travel should start to open on a select basis in the second half of the year between countries, the strong vaccination programs and/or low case rates. In the meantime, we remain focused on building on our already strong position in travel engaging travelers early through our loyalty programs and expanding relationships with our partners in travel. As a result we are well-positioned to capitalize on this opportunity when it occurs. As we look forward and see positive momentum in the drivers that impact our top-line growth, we will increase the investment we put toward our strategic priorities; one, growing our share of payments; two, deploying a broader set of services; three, enabling digital solutions; and four, providing choice with multi-rail capabilities. As always we will do this with an eye towards driving top and bottom line growth over the long-term along with expense discipline. Let me illustrate how we're executing against each of these strategic priorities. I will begin by sharing how we're driving growth in the core, always supported by differentiated services capabilities. Here are a few key examples. Building on our strength in U.S. retail co-brands, we're excited that Mastercard was chosen as the exclusive network for Gap Inc.'s co-branded credit cards across the Old Navy, Gap, Banana Republic, and Athleta brands. This partnership will include a re-imagined rewards program to drive increased customer engagements with the migration of existing card members planned for 2022. We've had a long-term services relationship with Gap, which led to additional opportunities to support both their co-brand programs and their broader business.  We're also leveraging our differentiated service to expand relationships with key global partners like Santander. This quarter we signed a new deal with Santander Brazil and executed a long-term exclusive partnership with Superdigital Santanders fintech arm to provide digital prepaid accounts across seven Latin American markets. Also, we're happy to announce that the financial arm of one of the largest retailers in Europe, El Corte Ingles is migrating its entire closed-loop consumer credit portfolio to Mastercard exclusively for 10 years. This strategic partnership includes our processing capabilities and will contribute to growing Mastercard's overall credit share in the region.  Talking about share, I'd also like to point out that the migration of Santander UK debit portfolio is progressing well and we're preparing for the other conversions to be previously announced.  Finally, we secured several strategic renewals and expansions. As many of you know, Huntington Bank announced its anticipated acquisition of TCF at the end of last year, which will make them a top 10 US regional bank. I'm happy that they have decided to both renew their existing business with us and convert the TCF business to Mastercard. This brings significant new debit volume to our brands. We've also expanded our relationship with Synchrony Bank as the exclusive partner for their general purpose consumer credit portfolio.  Turning to the next strategic priority. We continue to enable digital solutions to drive the secular shift to electronic payments. A great example of this can be seen through the partnerships we have established with several leading mobile telecom providers across Africa and other regions.  In Africa, there are more mobile money accounts than bank accounts and consumers increasingly expect digital financial services to be provided through their mobile phones. Now we signed a multi-year partnership with the MTN group to enable millions of their MTN mobile money wallet customers with a Mastercard virtual payment solution.  We've also expanded our partnership with the Airtel group to equip their Airtel money customers with virtual cards and QR solutions. And we've extended our partnership with the Airtel Payments Bank in India along with the recent investment in Airtel Mobile Commerce. While our digital capabilities are enabling us to penetrate new geographies, our multi-rail strategy is allowing us to provide greater choice and capture new payment flows.  We're happy that we have now completed the acquisition of the majority of the Corporate Services division of Nets, which reinforces our leadership position in providing real-time payments infrastructure and applications. This transaction significantly enhances our application capabilities inclusive of a robust set of bill payment solutions which are operating at scale across several markets.  Furthermore, this is an integral component of our regional strategy in Europe enabling us to operate as a local partner. We see significant opportunity to expand these capabilities into additional markets around the world.  Speaking of Bill Pay in the US, we continue to scale our Bill Pay Exchange solution through new billers and bank partners. We're excited to announce that Verizon will connect as the most recent national biller on the platform. Turning to cross-border applications. We have now fully integrated our acquisition of Transfast and can now provide unsurpassed reach via a single point of access that allows banks and digital partners to send and receive money through bank accounts, mobile wallets, cards and cash payouts to over 90% of the world's population in more than 100 countries.  We're expanding our relationships with the United Nations Federal Credit Union, Saudi British Bank to expand their reach into additional markets. And both Bancorp and IDT payment services will now leverage our capabilities for cross-border advantages. And in addition, we have extended our partnership with Western Union who will be using our capabilities to allow customers in 18 European countries to transfer funds directly to debit cards in near real time. Our multi-rail capabilities are critically important to our efforts in open banking as well. They enable us to provide our customers across banks and fintechs with greater flexibility in how they manage both payment and data flows. We're off to a strong start at Finicity as we've integrated our sales teams and already signed several new connectivity partners and application users. For example, we're live with our state-of-the-art API-based data access in several large banks including US Bank as well as with the leading payroll processor representing millions of employees. Finicity was also selected by companies like Upgrade, SWBC, MoCaFi, MoneyLion and TomoCredit to provide permission-based access to financial data to support a variety of use cases including mortgage, lending and of course, payments. We're expanding our open banking capabilities in Europe as well as we're now live with our Open Banking Connect solution with Lloyds Bank in the UK for consumers to make payments to their credit cards. We continue to see a great deal of interest and activity in digital currencies and we're innovating in this space through new crypto and CBDC partnerships enabling digital currencies on our network and continuing our investments and underlying blockchain technology as part of our multi-rail strategy. We have several new crypto partnerships approved for launch this quarter including a partnership with Gemini, a leading crypto platform here in the US to launch a first of its kind cryptocurrency rewards credit card that allows consumers to receive crypto rewards on everyday purchases. And over in Spain, Crypton, a crypto exchange launching a Mastercard Crypto Card. On central bank digital currencies, we continue to engage with central banks around the world and our virtual testing platform is helping them design features similar issuance and evaluate interoperability with existing payment systems. In partnership with the Central Bank of Bahamas and Island Pay, we launched the world's first CBDC-linked payment card, enabling people to pay for goods and services using fiat currency anywhere Mastercard is accepted. Digital identity. Digital identity is critically important as the shift to a digital economy continues. It is a foundational component of our multilayered approach to security, and have allowed us to help consumers and businesses safely and easily prove their identity, while enabling them to main control over their information. Last week, we announced the planned acquisition of Ekata, which advances the digital identity efforts we have underway. Ekata has access to validated identity information on a global basis and leverages artificial intelligence to produce highly accurate identity scores. Ekata's insights support multiple payment and non-payment use cases, including new account openings, instant issuance, and transaction risk checks, to be used by a broad range of customers, including leading digital merchants, financial institutions, travel companies, and digital currency platforms. This is an example of how we are entering into adjacent areas and innovating beyond the core payment transaction. And now back to the bigger picture. We're leveraging our business to have a broader impact on society by executing our commitment to bring one billion people into the digital economy by 2025. Specifically on the environmental front, we have pledged to achieve net zero emissions by 2050 and issued a sustainability bond in the last quarter to support these efforts. Furthermore, our Mastercard carbon calculator developed in collaboration with Doconomy is enabled on our network to provide consumers, with a snapshot of carbon emissions generated by their purchases. We've worked with customers to issue over 10 million cards using sustainable materials. If we tie all of this together, we are now linking executive comp to Mastercard's sustainability priorities. With all of that in mind, I continue to be excited about the opportunity ahead, and I'm happy with the progress we're making against our objectives. And with that, Sachin over to you.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Michael, and good morning, everybody. So turning to page 3, which shows our financial performance for the quarter, on a currency-neutral basis and excluding special items, and the impact of gains and losses on the company's equity investments. Net revenue was up 2%, returning to positive growth for the first time since the peak of the pandemic in Q2 2020 and includes a one ppt benefit from acquisitions. Operating expenses increased 7%, which includes a four ppt increase from acquisitions. Operating income was down 1% and net income was down 6%, both of which include a one ppt decrease related to acquisitions. EPS was down 5% year-over-year to $1.74, which includes $0.02 of dilution related to our recent acquisitions offset by a $0.02 contribution from share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased about $1.4 billion worth of stock and an additional $418 million through April 26, 2021. So let's turn to page 4, where you can see the operational metrics for the first quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV increased by 8% year-over-year on a local currency basis. We are seeing sequential improvement in both debit and credit as vaccination progress takes hold and mobility increases. In addition, debit growth is being further strengthened by fiscal stimulus and share gains. US GDV increased by 14% with debit growth of 26% and a decline in credit of 1%. Outside of the US, volume increased 5% with debit growth of 12% and a decline in credit of 2%. Cross-border volume was down 17% globally for the quarter with intra-Europe volumes down 11% and other cross-border volumes down 23%. Turning to page 5. Switched transactions grew 9% in the first quarter globally. Card-not-present growth rates have accelerated during the past year and continue at those elevated levels, while card-present transactions are now growing above 2019 levels for the first time, since the peak of the pandemic. In addition, card growth was 6%. Globally, there are $2.8 billion Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards issued. Now let's turn to page 6 for highlights on a few of the revenue line items, again described on a currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. The increase in net revenue of 2% was primarily driven by domestic transaction and volume growth, as well as strong growth in services, partially offset by lower cross-border volume fees and higher rebates and incentives. As previously mentioned acquisitions contributed approximately one ppt to net revenue growth. Looking at the individual revenue line items. Domestic assessments were up 8% in line with worldwide GDV growth of 8%. Cross-border volume fees decreased 26%, while cross-border volumes decreased 17%. The nine ppt difference is primarily due to an adverse cross-border mix, mainly driven by lower-yielding intra-Europe cross-border volumes being less impacted than higher-yielding other cross border volumes. Transaction processing fees were up 4%, while switch transactions were up 9%. The five ppt difference is primarily driven by adverse mix. Other revenues were up 27%, including a three ppt contribution from acquisitions. The remaining growth was mostly driven by our Cyber & Intelligence and Data & Services solutions. Finally, rebates and incentives were up 4%. Moving on to Page 7. You can see that on a currency-neutral basis total operating expenses increased 7%. This includes a 2 ppt increase from acquisitions and a three ppt increase related to the lapping of a favorable hedging gain from a year ago. Excluding these items, expenses were flat as we continue to invest in our strategic priorities, while keeping an eye on top line growth. Turning now to Page 8. Let's discuss the specific metrics for the first three weeks of April. We are seeing significant improvements in the growth rates across our operating metrics versus 2020, primarily due to the lapping effects related to the pandemic that began mostly in March of last year. Hence to provide you better visibility into current spending levels, we thought it would be useful to present the 2021 volumes and transactions as a percentage of the 2019 amounts when we were not experiencing the impact of the pandemic. So if you look at the spending levels as a percentage of 2019. For switched volumes, they have shown steady sequential improvement, continuing along the same trend line we saw in Q1. This is driven primarily by the US, which has benefited from the recent fiscal stimulus. We have seen improvements in discretionary categories like clothing, furniture and sporting goods. And we have also seen some recent strength in personal domestic travel in the US and the UK, which we are making strong progress in vaccinations. For instance, we have seen US airline spend essentially doubled over the last four weeks relative to where it was earlier in Q1. Trends in switched transactions remain steady and are generally tracking the trends we are seeing in switched volumes. In terms of cross-border, spending levels as a percentage of 2019 remained mostly unchanged through the start of April. We continue to see very strong growth in card-not-present cross-border volumes, excluding online travel-related spend. However, border restrictions remain widespread and to cross-border travel, which is card-present and travel-related card-not-present volumes continues to be impacted. As you can see from the numbers there's a significant opportunity for improvement in cross-border travel. In fact, where borders are open such as Mexico certain Latin American countries and the UAE, we have seen travel improve. Turning to Page 9. I wanted to share our current thoughts looking forward. First off, we continue to make strong progress against our strategic objectives and feel we are very well positioned to grow with the new and renewed deals we have signed over the last several quarters. We have positioned ourselves for the return of travel with travel-oriented portfolios and have built a strong set of services capabilities, which continue to grow at a healthy rate and has helped diversify our revenue base. In terms of the macro environment, domestic spending levels have continued to improve entering the growth phase this quarter, supported in part by fiscal stimulus and the rollout of effective vaccines. The pace of vaccinations has been uneven however. And as a result, we expect the pace of recovery to vary from country-to-country. As Michael said, we do believe there is significant pent-up demand for travel and are already seeing domestic travel improve. In terms of cross-border, we believe that in the second half of the year, we will see additional borders open particularly between those countries with low infection rates and/or advanced vaccination programs. Turning to the second quarter. If spending levels continue on their current trajectory, we would expect Q2 net revenues to grow around a low to mid-20s growth rate year-over-year on a currency-neutral basis excluding acquisitions. It is important to point out that this is just one potential scenario, which could be impacted by factors, such as more restrictive measures being put in place because of rising infections or the opening or closing of borders. In terms of operating expenses, we continue our disciplined expense management approach, while furthering our strategic imperatives and keeping an eye on top line growth. As we progress through the growth phase of the pandemic domestically, we will look to increase our investments in key areas such as digital, cybersecurity, data analytics, B2B and our multi-rail solutions, as well as begin to increase our advertising and marketing-related spend. For Q2, we expect operating expenses to grow at a rate in the low 20s versus a year ago on a currency-neutral basis excluding acquisitions. As a reminder, we are now beginning to lap the spending actions we took last year as the pandemic hit. With respect to acquisitions, we are pleased to have announced the planned acquisition of Ekata and have now closed on the transaction with Nets, and expect acquisitions will contribute about two to three ppt to revenue in Q2 and for the year. Similarly, acquisitions will contribute approximately nine to 10 ppt to operating expense growth in the second quarter and eight to nine ppt for the year. As a reminder, we discretely disclosed the impact of acquisitions for the year in which they close and the subsequent year after which time we do not split them up. Other items to keep in mind. Foreign exchange is expected to be a two to three ppt tailwind to net revenues and a three to four ppt headwind to operating expenses in Q2. On the other income and expense line, we are at an expense run rate of approximately $115 million per quarter given the prevailing interest rate environment. This excludes gains and losses on our equity investments which are excluded from our non-GAAP metrics. And finally, we expect a tax rate of approximately 18% to 19% for the year based on the current geographic mix of our business. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Warren.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, Sachin. Denise, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Harshita Rawat with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Harshita Rawat: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Michael, can you elaborate on Ekata acquisition and your broader digital identity efforts? Digital identity has so many problems today streaming for solutions and is something you've been looking at for quite a while. So, can this be a long-term adjacency for your business? And how does it fit in with what you're doing with open banking at Finicity? Thank you.
Michael Miebach: Yes. Hi Harshita, thanks for the question. So, we're excited about Ekata. And it is a continuation of what we have been doing in digital identity. So, clearly it's a non-sustainable path forward in a more digital economy to have even more passwords, so that's pretty clear. So, identify is one pillar in our overall security strategy. So, we needed to strengthen up here. The -- we started that activity with a pilot that we launched in Australia about a year ago that is now going live in partnership with the Australian telecom Optus where we are introducing a reusable digital identity. What Ekata does is it accelerates our efforts and accelerates our efforts because Ekata has access to verifiable data points that allow to establish an identity. As I said earlier, they can in near real-time produce very accurate identity scores. And it comes along with a set of -- established set of global customers, digital merchants, cryptocurrency chains, financial institutions, and so forth. So, we were on the track. Ekata is accelerating our efforts. It sits right into our existing set of cyber solutions. It's at the start of the transaction. It's at the end of the transaction. And in between, we have our decision intelligence our various other transaction-focused solutions. So, it's a full package. It sets us apart. And as you can appreciate you linked this back to open banking as you asked the question, we are going beyond the payment transaction and such. And you need identity solutions for data transaction just as much as you do for digital identity use cases.
Harshita Rawat: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jason Kupferberg: Yes, two quick ones for me. First off just anything you can tell us in terms of second quarter expectations on rebates whether it's relative to last quarter or last year? I know you had given us a little bit of help on that for the first quarter. So, I'd love to hear your thoughts on Q2. And then just wondering if we can get a quick comment on OpEx. I mean I know that on an organic constant currency basis the second quarter OpEx is growing about in line with net revenue. So, is that kind of the right general model to think about in the second half as well if the recovery progresses in line with your base case or does the second quarter have more catch-up OpEx spend in it? Thank you.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks Jason. So, let me take your rebates and incentives question first. Look I mean rebates and incentives is really dependent on the timing of deals and how the volume and mix plays out. Having said that, we expect rebates and incentives as a percentage of growth to be up sequentially as domestic spending recovers and new and renewed deals come online. I think you're aware about the fact that our domestic volumes are more indexed -- our rebates and incentives are more indexed to domestic volumes. There are less indexed to cross-border. So, depending on how that volume mix plays out things might move around. But generally speaking, we expect rebates and incentives as a percentage of growth to be up from current levels pretty much the remainder of the year as volumes recover. On your second question around OpEx, look as we look forward, we see positive momentum in the drivers that impact our topline growth and we will increase the investment we put forward towards our strategic priorities. And these are essentially the ones we've talked about growing our share of core payments, ensuring that digital experience for our customers, driving a broader set of services capabilities, executing on our digital strategy, as well as our B2B strategy. As we do this, we will keep an eye on both the topline as well as the bottom-line. And we will basically be very focused on making sure that we are making investments to drive the long-term growth of our business. And that's kind of the essential thing I'd like to leave you with which is we will continue to stay disciplined from an expense management standpoint. We see domestic spending is transitioning towards the growth phase which gives us confidence and vaccines are effective and they're being deployed at scale. So, we will keep an eye on all of those metrics, we will keep an eye on the topline and we will look to invest in the business to drive that long-term growth objective that we're talking about.
Jason Kupferberg: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your Next question comes from Darrin Peller with Wolfe. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: Hey guys. When we look at the structural improvements that are impacting the business coming out of the pandemic, it does look like you have what could be several hundred basis points of incremental earnings power long-term from all the variables you guys talked about and [Indiscernible] including your investments. Do you also think though -- so first of all, I guess if you can comment on that in terms of what are the most of the areas you're most excited about in terms of incrementally having changed now more spending in certain areas than maybe pre-pandemic. But would you also comment on whether your spend -- the investment levels you're at now on a percentage of revenue basis or on an overall dollar amount is something we can see some more operating leverage off of if we get that uplift from better structural terms. Thanks guys.
Michael Miebach: All right. Darrin let me start off with the structural changes. I mean, that's the key question here. What makes a trend? What will stick? We have over the last 14 months on a monthly basis helped consumers around the world, small businesses around the world. And the input that we're getting from this research remains unchanged. And that is fundamentally starting with increasing consumer confidence, spending is going up. And then when you look at the way how people spend, what we're hearing is, when the pandemic subsides, 70% of people are saying, I'm going to continue to use more online commerce than I have before the pandemic. Almost 70% is saying the same thing for digital -- for digital banking. Almost the same number says more for contactless. And then you look at the other side of the coin and that is about 60% of people are saying, I will actually use less cash. So we believe that these trends of elevated -- anything elevated online will prevail, maybe not at the same levels, but they will be elevated. At the same time, we're already seeing that in countries where strong vaccination programs are there and social distancing measures are reduced, that the spend in store is coming back. So people do want to go and spend at the local restaurant or support the local shop in their local main street. So, the good thing is, we're ready for both with our solutions. So that is around consumer behavior, the changing consumer as we turn out of this nightmare. And then, you look at what else is going on. And what else are we seeing is with this push towards a more digital economy we're seeing there's more data around. And the thirst for data analytics is increasing. Our services teams can't be running fast enough to satisfy that thirst. If you look at more data, you look at an increasing cyber footprint. So our cyber solutions that is going to be -- it's going to be a continuing trend. Earlier we talked a little bit about our multi-rail strategy and what we're doing there. I talked about Europe and being the local partner. Government is interested in -- payments government is interested in real-time payments and crypto central bank digital currency. So this whole trend of government leaning in, I think is important. So our focus on our government vertical is going to help us there. And finally, just came across the news over the last couple of days is the dependence on international supply chains is showing up. It shows up in the context of vaccine distributions lately, but it has been showing up across many different industries. So, there is a real push to digitize supply chains, make them more flexible. And of course that comes to payments as well and comes to associated data flows. So B2B should also be seeing quite a push out of -- as we turn out of the pandemic. So, it's a shifting picture. And Darrin, I agree with you that there's a lot of things to feel positive about in terms of our strategy is on point for all these drivers. That's why we're increasing the investment behind these. And the second half of the question, I'll turn over to Sachin.
Sachin Mehra: So Darrin, just the one thing I'd kind of point out to you is and you can see this in the slide deck which we shared with you. You can see, how let's take something like cross-border and cross-borders card-not-present excluding travel, right? That as been indexed back to 2019 is showing pretty healthy growth rates. Now, as we come out of the pandemic, we expect a large part of that to stick. On the flip side, when you look what cross-border, travel-related indexation looks like in other words 2021, current spend levels relative to 2019 they're running at about 40%. So if you believe that travel comes back and we do believe that travel comes back, we see structurally the opportunity for upside growth coming from that as well. Just kind of bringing the whole picture together just to add to what Michael was saying. And kind of lends directly into your operating leverage question as well.
Darrin Peller: Okay. All right. That’s helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Lisa Ellis: Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. I had a question on crypto specifically related to stablecoins and CBDC. Michael, you called out in the prepared remarks that many governments are using Mastercard's virtual testing platform for their CBDC experiments. Can you describe just, what you're seeing in terms of if governments are looking at implementing stablecoins or CBDCs, what type of public-private partnerships are they considering? Meaning, what type of role or roles could you envision Mastercard playing? Thank you.
Michael Miebach: Lisa, it's a great question. Let's take a look at CBDCs. I mean, across the whole crypto space, I mean where we want to play a role in CBDCs, we want to play a role in private stablecoins, we want to facilitate the buying and selling of crypto assets. So, it's a broader space. Specifically in CBDCs, I would describe it as relatively early days. So the engagement that we have and that's where we see our role to start with is to answer the question that you just asked in partnership with governments is what is the right construct? What is the role of the private sector? And where we came out and fortunately, as of late there's been a few thought leadership pieces involving, some of the leading central banks around the world including the ECB and the Bank of England and so forth is ideally there's a two-tier system, where the government takes the role of mining the currency so to say, as they do in fiat and the private sector takes the role of distributing it. And the private sector this comes to your question about the specific role that players could have including us is innovating around that. Innovating the true power of blockchain, what else could it do other than facilitating a payment. So I think there is – there's a direction that we like, where this is going. So concepts of interoperability are also very important because the utility for a consumer or business will only come when you can do something with the central bank digital currency. I think this example out of Bahamas is actually a very striking one. So here is a Mastercard partner program that allows you to spend on a CBDC unit that you have received at any place Mastercard is accepted. That's solving the last mile issue. Imagine how we could be doing this in so many countries. So is that engagement on model? Is that engagement on policy? Now as you try to do something like the Bahamas did, you've got to test it and try it. And for now that we see our second role in actually facilitating a real-life test bed, where you can iterate around the design and see how does this work. And that's not only for governments. Governments like that Sandbox, they engage, but it's also to pull in the commercial banks because it needs to go in conjunction if you have a two-tier system. So I see all of that and then I'll come to assume a scenario where this is in play and it exists in a given country. We just talked about the Bahamas. There's this last mile issue. But there's also been the questions of what other applications can ride on this infrastructure. And you've heard us talk about in the context of real-time payments, our go-to-market is always underlying infrastructure, application services and we intend to do the same thing here. And that is, what is an application that could ride on top of this? It could be a smart trade contract. So a smart contract technology is what we're investing in when I made the reference earlier reinvesting in further blockchain technology. And then of course there are services. Everybody right now is asking us, what should our blockchain strategy and our advisors team is all over that. And there will be cyber questions. Governments are raising the question when a blockchain comes along, is that a backdoor for hackers? So our whole cyber solution space is also geared up to engage. So I think there's a role to play for the private sector and there's a role to play very specifically for us to help the private sector and government.
Lisa Ellis: Perfect. Thank you. Very exciting.
Michael Miebach: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Donat with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Chris Donat: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just trying to get a little more specific on the benefits of vaccines and lower case loads for cross-border travel. As we think about the European union taking steps to allow vaccinated US tourists into Europe, when we think about that corridor of the US Traveling to Europe is that – I imagine it's big enough to move a needle for cross-border but can you help us understand how meaningful like some key corridors would be if they reopen in strong ways for you, or is it a highly dispersed set of corridors that you've got around the world that will take a lot of them coming back online.
Sachin Mehra: Yes, Chris, I can give you a little bit of color on that. So when you think about first, the high-level answer to your question is the corridors are pretty widely dispersed across the globe. You could see generally speaking intra-Europe constitutes a fairly significant portion of our cross-border volumes. And you can see that from the metrics which we've been sharing with you. And so that will depend upon how travel opens up within the intra-Europe border as kind of point one. Now but we recognize also that intra-Europe is lower-yielding than the other cross-border volume. So and as you think about it you should think about it in that context. Secondly, what I'd tell you is US is an important outbound corridor, there's no question about that. But there are several corridors well beyond that. When I think about the Middle East and Africa, when I think about, what's going on in Asia Pacific, these are all important corridors. Take US to Canada another important corridor. US to Latin America and Mexico, these are all important corridors. I think the operative thing here is, at least what we are spending a lot of time thinking about is not only about the rollout of vaccines but what are governments doing to establish travel bubbles. So you've heard about Australia and New Zealand. You're hearing about Hong Kong, Singapore. You're hearing about China establishing some sort of bubble. So there's a lot of work which is currently underway in terms of seeing, is there a level of comfort to open up borders and to make it less onerous for people to travel. So it's kind of a three-prong thing as far as I'm concerned: it's vaccines; it's the opening up and establishing of border kind of protocol; and then the third is have you made it less onerous for people travel. And you've got to look at all those three, as you think about how cross-border travel comes back. Now, the proof points we've got so far are in corridors like US, Latin America, things have worked out pretty nicely. It's not that onerous. People are traveling. You've seen decent cross-border spend. Similarly in the UAE, you've seen decent cross-border spend. A lot of this – and one more reminder, a quick one I've got for you is, a lot of our cross-border travel volume is personal travel and we do expect personal travel will come back. And the leading indicator for that is we've seen it come back in the domestic environment pretty robustly. Now that you've taken away these quarantine requirements in the context with the US and several other countries. So that's the kind of color I just wanted to share with you as you think about how this will play out going forward.
Chris Donat: Okay. Thanks very much, Sachin.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan Keane: Hi, guys. Good morning. Just thinking about modeling going forward looking at the two year. In particular thinking about the lapping of stimulus versus the economic recovery. Sachin, I don't know if you could give us some help on how you guys thought about the impact of those two factors. And particularly, I'm just curious on how much stimulus had an impact? Do you think it's having an impact? And then secondly on services, I noticed the strength there. Just curious, if that strength is expected to continue as we move forward through this year? Thanks so much.
Michael Miebach: Modeling was a queue here. This is clearly for Sachin.
Sachin Mehra: So I guess what I'd tell you, I'd tell you our experience based on what we've seen from the stimulus is this round of stimulus has actually come into the flow from a spending standpoint a lot more rapidly than the last round of stimulus had come through. What we've also experienced is that the dollar spent are not kind of once and done. So said differently people are saving. And then there is the trickle effect which comes to over a period of time. So it's our expectation that the impact of the stimulus will continue to be felt, but at a declining pace as time goes along, because we've started to see a lot of that come through in the early part right now. As I kind of just mentioned you can see that in the strength in the numbers we've got. And then on your question on services, solid quarter on services again. Look services continues to do really well. It does well from a revenue-generating capability. It also powers the core very effectively. You can see that in the way we're winning share. And I'm seeing a very strong pipeline in terms of what we're seeing from a services standpoint going forward. So I feel pretty good. And the way again I think about this is you have a set of existing capabilities. How do you deepen your penetration with your customer base, existing and new customers, and then you keep building on your services capabilities. For example, the acquisitions we've recently done and how did we contribute to growth on a going-forward basis. So I think when you add all of that up, I feel pretty good about our services growth trajectory going forward.
Michael Miebach: I just want to add one point here. So there's the deepening part into our existing customer set. As Sachin just said, you extend your capabilities. There's another vector here and that is extending in new segments. So as we're -- throughout the last couple of years in the front of a number of acquisitions like SessionM or APT we're finding that there's other adjacent segments that are needing these kinds of services. And as we go into these new segments that's also an opportunity for us to also then so to say cross-sell our payment solutions. So it works in different ways. And then the last thing to add obviously when it comes to our multi-rail strategy there's a growth dimension of extending our services across all new flows.
Bryan Keane: Got it. Thanks for the helps guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Thank you. Good morning. I want to ask about Nets. Now that you've had it for a couple of months, it was I guess a little different than what you originally agreed to buy. So given that, what are the priorities here Michael both short term and long term? It sounds like Europe is clearly part of it. But can you just catch us up on your to-do items right now?
Michael Miebach: Yes. Yes. So the first thing I would say, it's not entirely different from what we intended to buy. It's certainly different in terms of the expected time line. So it should have been a little faster than it was. Now but that aside, we were excited in August 2019 and we're excited on March 3 when we had Legal Day One and we welcomed the team in Copenhagen. And I'll tell you why we're excited. So with our existing set of multi-rail capabilities, particularly in the account-to-account space we're well positioned with VocaLink. VocaLink has strong infrastructure capabilities, applications and helped us to build the services business. What Nets does is, Nets gives us additional infrastructure capabilities because here's a significantly customizable high-end solution that VocaLink brings which works for large established markets that have had some journey in real-time payments. And then there's Nets which is a more nimble platform that allows us to deal with the smaller markets and take on more in a shorter period of time. So there's complementary assets here and that if you look across that, it makes us the one-stop shop partner, when it comes to real-time payments and that is unsurpassed. There's nothing else out there at this point in time. On the application side, I'm even more excited because here what we're having is -- we're not just getting technological capability with this purchase and we can bolt on to what we've already done in VocaLink. But we're getting scaled businesses that are live in market. There are strong bill payment propositions and volumes with large customer reach in particularly in the Nordics regions, but other parts of Europe as well. So we've identified Bill Pay as a growth opportunity sometime back here in the US and now we're bolting that on. And then we have the choice of taking some of our US capabilities into other parts of the world or do the same with Nets. So that is accelerating our growth in the application space which I'm particularly focused on. I think last, but not least that they have activities in the open banking space and few services around real-time payments. So that just rounds off the picture. And I come back to Legal Day One. We're getting a fantastic team of engineers and experts in this space that is just really rounding off of our capability side. Now the aspect on how this might look different. So Tien-Tsin you made that reference. And I all want to remind us there was a remedy that we had put on the table in kind of negotiations with the EU commission throughout the approval process. And it basically means, we will license the Nets infrastructure technology to a licensee and the licensee was identified as part of the approval process. That allows -- but that is on the infrastructure side not much of an issue because we have other assets to compete and then we can use it ourselves. So we're not excluded here. The package of having infrastructure application and service altogether, I think makes such a differentiated proposition that we were quite happy to give that remedy. It made the EU commission happy. And it comes back to the point about -- yes this is particularly important in Europe because in Europe being seen as a true European partner, we have the commission put a stamp of approval on this transaction and that works well for us. But we're going to take it elsewhere for sure. I mean that's the whole plan.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Very complete and clear answer. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Togut with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning. Bridging to Tien-Tsin's question, how has the pandemic affected the rollout of account-to-account payments in Europe under PSD2? Account-to-account certainly seems much more akin to debit than credit and we know debit has certainly accelerated. So any thoughts would be appreciated?
Michael Miebach: Yes Dave that's a great question. Throughout the last quarter calls, we make references to engagements on the government front and oftentimes that involve our progress and our engagement with governments on account-to-account. And there are other things obviously that we had to dial down throughout the pandemic because there simply was no appetite in the market but account-to-account wasn't one of them. We never missed a single step there and neither did government. This was really driven by a lot of governments trying to get stimulus money into their citizens' hands and they couldn't do it fast enough and they couldn't do it in an efficient-enough way. So the focus and the light shed on real-time payment infrastructure was -- certainly helped. So I would see there is an increasing engagement around account-to-account. Throughout the pandemic if you look at what else was going on you saw the 2-factor authentication thing in Europe for -- strong customer authentication I think is the actual technical term there. That moved forward throughout the pandemic. So the government the financial sector players in Europe advanced that and that was broadly it. And then you look at what we've done with open banking. I mentioned it earlier. That's again a regulator-driven aspect of payments and the broader financial services here at Tesco. We talked about that last quarter I think in our Lloyd's. So there is momentum. I think it's actually literally a shot in the arm rather than anything else. Sachin do you have anything to add?
Sachin Mehra: Yes. I'll just make one more additional comment. When we think about account-to-account there's certainly the domestic flows and then there's the account-to-account cross-border. And I think we've got to kind of think about it in the composite because candidly we're seeing some very decent traction take place even in that cross-border space from an account-to-account standpoint. Michael mentioned this in his remarks where he talked about the traction we're having with the integration of Transfast being complete. And it's not only exclusive to Europe by the way. It's pretty much across the globe. So we think about it holistically including the cross-border categories.
Michael Miebach: Thanks very much. Appreciate your intake.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Trevor Williams with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Trevor Williams: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask on yield within domestic assessments where they held in pretty well for most of 2020, but just over the last couple of quarters have been down about 5% or so. And I guess there are a lot of moving pieces with mix shifting around from quarter-to-quarter with the pace of recovery varying by region. But just any color you could give us on maybe where some of the recent weakness might be coming from and really what needs to happen whether that's a recovery in certain geographies or anything else you might not be thinking about to get yields in that segment moving back up. Thanks.
Michael Miebach: Yes. So Trevor I think your question specifically is around domestic assessment yields correct? Just want to be sure.
Trevor Williams: Correct. Yes.
Michael Miebach: Yes. Look I mean we've seen a little bit of recovery in domestic assessment yields in the first quarter relative to what we saw in the fourth quarter. That number kind of moves around right? And it moves around -- there's a whole bunch of stuff which is kind of going on in there. Because remember in the denominator when you're doing yield calculations we talk about GDV. I think the natural instinct is to think about GDV only as domestic volumes. It's a composition of domestic and cross-border volumes. Whereas the numerator, which is domestic assessments is only the revenue we own on our domestic volumes. So depending on how that mix moves around you're going to see that yield move around as well. And then there are other moving parts in domestic assessments, the card fees and those kind of things which are actually featured in there as well. But by and large I would tell you between the fourth quarter of 2019 going into the first quarter of 2021 our yields have held pretty steady if I take those two endpoints. They bounce around a little bit quarter-to-quarter but they're now pretty steady.
Trevor Williams: Okay. Sure. Thank you. Appreciate the color.
Michael Miebach: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Maurer with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Craig Maurer: Yes. Hi. Thanks. Wanted to ask about the material debit wins that you've had in Europe and now in the US with TCF. You're going to obviously be on-boarding a significant amount of debit volume over the next two years, which begs the question how do you view the long-term in terms of debit versus credit growth rates? And we've seen insignificant outperformance of debit. During the pandemic it's the obvious replacement for cash. So do you view the spread between the two versus historical levels as widening significantly over time? Thanks.
Michael Miebach: Good morning. Craig let me take this and then see if Sachin has anything to add. So throughout the pandemic as you rightly said there was clearly a relative rise in debit over credit transactions. The way I look at this is this is a time of economic uncertainty frankly uncertainty general. And in those times people generally prefer to spend money they have and have more control over that. So that is what we've seen in previous crises so no surprise there that is crisis-induced. We see debit benefit from stimulus payments because they are attached to a bank account. So we saw that. And then you look at how the mix of spending has changed in terms of overweight to everyday spend versus discretionary spend and that is just -- there's a lot of historical consumer behavior ingrained in that is that you use debit for more everyday spend. That is what we're seeing in many markets around the world and that has played out here as well. So now the question is what of that is going to stick back to what we said earlier in terms of trends? And in the end that's hard to predict. I do think what we're going to see is that the crisis in use spend is -- the trigger there is going to go away because this nightmare will be over at some point hopefully soon. And you will also see that the discretionary spend categories are coming back. We're already seeing this in the last three weeks when I look at the first three weeks of April here. So you start to see travel strong travel programs. And it's very I think reasonable to expect that a lot of that is going to drive credit growth back up. So we're going to see a bit of a balancing. Now for us I think the strategy has to be we have to have the best solutions across debit and credit and frankly beyond cards as well because we just talked about earlier how the overall payment landscape is changing. And that's where the focus is. That's why we lean in on the travel side, but that's also why we lean in on debit. And you're right NatWest, Deutsche, Santander it's in conversion right now as I said earlier and that's going to be good for us and we try to bring our best solutions forward with consumers. So Sachin, I don't know if you have anything to add.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. I think Michael you pretty much covered it. The point I'd make Craig in addition is obviously the increased secular shift which is taking place. I think you were alluding to the fact that the first point of replacement of cash happens to be debit. We're certainly seeing that come through. But like Michael said there will be some level of reversion to the mean. The one point I'd make is the way we look at it even from a product life cycle standpoint is people tend to start when you think about financial inclusion and you think about how people come into spending in electronic forms they start with prepaid then move to debit then they start getting their toe into credit. And that's just the natural evolution, which will take place. We want to have a balanced portfolio. We want to win across the board and we want to be ready to actually address those spend as they come across debit and/or credit.
Craig Maurer: Thanks so much.
Warren Kneeshaw: Great. Thanks. I see that we've got to the top of the hour. And so maybe I'll just turn it over to Michael to see if you have any final comments as we wrap up.
Michael Miebach: All right. Thanks, Warren. So, first of all, thanks for your questions. I'd love to go on for a while but be mindful of time. Just the key takeaways bring it all together. It's -- we're back in the growth phase domestically that's fantastic. We're ready for the return of travel. When it comes it's going to be selective second half of the year. We keep strong focus on our strategic priorities. I don't have to repeat them again. We're excited about Nets as I just laid out. And we are excited and hopeful that we will close Ekata as soon as possible. So all that is good. None of this would happen without our people and I do just want to recognize that. It's been 14 months that's a marathon. And our folks are running it hard and that is a big shout out. I sent a note to the whole team this morning with our results and told them that that momentum that we were just sharing with you is really entirely their doing. With that I'm going to leave you to it and look forward to speak to you in a quarter from now. Thank you very much and thanks for all your support.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks everyone.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Mastercard Q4 and Full Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, Tanya. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2020 earnings call. We hope you are all safe and sound. With me today are Michael Miebach, our Chief Executive Officer; and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Michael and Sachin, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I’d like to remind everyone that today’s call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard’s future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I’ll turn the call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Michael Miebach.
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Warren, and good morning from New York. It certainly feels like a privilege to be addressing you today for the first time as Mastercard’s CEO. I believe the foundation established under Ajay’s leadership positions us extremely well for the future. And I’m looking forward to leading Mastercard from here on, and of course, counting on your continued support. Now, 2020 presented the world and the economy with unprecedented challenges. Still, the resilience of our business model and the focused execution of our strategy by our dedicated employees allowed us to close out the year on a positive trajectory. Fourth quarter revenue and EPS growth rates versus a year ago are continuing to show sequential improvement. As we look to the future, we will continue to execute on our strategy. With our ability to enable and secure the payments ecosystem through the partnerships, our differentiated services and our role as a true multi-rail provider, we’re well-positioned to capture additional flows and the significant opportunities ahead. These opportunities include certainly the accelerated secular shift to digital payments and the advancement of real-time payments and open banking. Now, let’s take a look at our business from the macro level. Retail spending during the holiday season and fourth quarter overall was relatively steady with very strong e-commerce sales. According to our SpendingPulse estimates for Q4, U.S. retail sales were up 4%, ex auto, ex gas, while overall Europe retail sales slowed with a decline of 1.9% for the quarter, in part due to the recent lockdowns. In Asia, we see some bright spots in markets like Australia and then similarly, in Latin America, where retail sales in Brazil rebounded this quarter. Now, we’re also heartened to see the availability of effective COVID vaccines. But distributing them at scale will dictate when social distancing measures can be relaxed and borders opened, and that will ultimately drive further recovery. We see fiscal stimulus, such as the most recent package in the United States, as an important interim measure in the near term. And we’re working closely with governments to get funds into people’s hands quickly and safely. Now, turning to our business specifically and the four-phased framework we established for monitoring the COVID environment, see markets go through the containment and stabilization phases, and we continue to believe most markets are now in the normalization phase domestically, where spending levels gradually improved with some markets actually approaching growth. Looking at the trends. Volumes continued to modestly improve quarter-over-quarter. And our switched volume growth rates, excluding travel and entertainment, were similar to what we saw in Q4 2019 pre-pandemic. Speaking of travel. Domestic travel, including spending in categories such as lodging and restaurants, declined slightly in the quarter, reversing some of the improvement we saw in the summer months. Cross-border travel remains limited. In October and November, we saw some improvement in cross-border within the EU, although recent restrictions are causing some slowing over there, as mentioned earlier. Improvement in the cross-border travel outside the EU remains limited. Now we continue to believe travel will improve, starting with personal travel as border restrictions ease and as vaccination efforts expand. We believe corporate travel will follow. As we said in the past, progress may not be linear, but we believe there is significant pent-up demand for travel. And we continue to expect to see improvements in the second half of the year. In the meantime, we remain focused on building on our already strong position in travel, positioning us well to capitalize on this opportunity when it occurs. So while the pandemic is affecting business drivers in the short term, we have diversified our revenue streams and remain focused on managing our business for the long term. This means focusing on our strategic priorities: one, growing our share of core payments, ensuring the digital experience for our customers, partners and consumers is safe and seamless as we help drive the accelerated secular shift; two, deploying meaningful services that help our partners adapt to the changing environment; and last but not least, providing choice with our multi-rail capabilities. Illustrating all of that, we have quite a number of significant strategic wins this quarter, which I will now share with you. Starting in the U.K. and Ireland and building off the success we’ve had in debit with Santander and first direct, we’re really pleased to expand the long-term relationship we have with NatWest Group of credit. The bank will move its entire debit portfolio to Mastercard across all consumer and business product lines and across multiple brands, including NatWest and Royal Bank of Scotland. This migration of approximately 16 million debit cards will start later this year and when complete, will contribute to the growing overall debit share in the U.K. from low single digits to approximately 1/3 of the market on all recent wins [ph] that migrated to Mastercard. We look forward to innovating together to build an enhanced digital experience for NatWest’s customers across multiple payment rails. Now turning to Germany. We expanded our relationship with Deutsche Bank and will become the exclusive international scheme partner, including both Deutsche and Postbank Banks, expanding our market share in debit and credit. As part of the upcoming migration, a total of 10 million consumer and commercial credit and debit cards will be reissued to Mastercard-branded products. Deutsche Bank is already leveraging our services within our existing partnership and will now extend those to the larger customer base and use our advisers’ consulting and analytics to assist with the conversion. And we look forward to developing new opportunities together in B2B and other payment flows. In the U.S., we will be the network partner for the Citi Plex account on Google Pay, which leverages our tokenization services to provide Citi Plex customers with a seamless and more secure payment experience. The Citi Plex account will include a digital debit Mastercard that’s automatically loaded for use in the Google Pay wallet with an option to request a physical contactless card, providing customers the choice to pay when, where and how they want to pay: by debit card, smartphone or online. Building on our fintech momentum, we have secured additional wins around the globe with new partners like Payoneer and Aeldra in the U.S., HYPE and Flow in Italy, Treezor in France and Prex in Peru. Our fintech customers appreciate our tailored approach, addressing their very specific needs, leveraging our expertise, our tech and of course, our global network. Now we’re also excited to announce a new strategic partnership with Walgreens. This multifaceted relationship includes a new credit product to be issued by Synchrony Bank and prepaid products that enable contactless shopping experiences, mobile-first money management and rewards via the Walgreens app. This partnership will enable Walgreens to leverage a number of Mastercard services, including insights and analytics, loyalty and point-of-sale financing, including installments. We will also look into future opportunities together, including a digital-first debit card and other tech-driven solutions to innovate the future of health care payments. Now we remain very active in the U.S. co-brand space, where we extended and expanded our Sam’s Club co-brand with enhanced rewards and digital experiences, as announced yesterday, and extended our Walmart consumer credit in co-brands and payroll cards; renewed our GM co-brand, now with Goldman Sachs as the new issuer and expanded our relationship with Bass Pro Shops and Cabela’s to include small business. Let’s come back to travel. We continue to prepare for the broader return of travel with several new partnerships in this space. First off, building on the travel co-brand momentum we announced last quarter, we will now be the exclusive network for Aeroplan co-brand program in the U.S. with JPMorgan Chase Bank and Air Canada, which will launch later this year. In both the UK and Spain, we’re innovating with IAG Loyalty, part of the International Airlines Group, our new co-brand and loyalty partnerships that will provide customers more choices to earn Avios points and reward them with exclusive benefits. And on the wholesale travel program front, one of the largest global online travel agencies, Booking.com, has chosen Mastercard to be their preferred partner for virtual card payments to their suppliers. Let’s talk about the change in consumer. As spending patterns change, it is critical to offer online and in-person capabilities, and we have solutions for both. As e-commerce accelerates, with card-not-present transaction accounting for about 45% of our switched volume in 2020, which is up from 40% in 2019, we have several efforts underway to enable safer and more seamless online purchases. Notably, we continue to scale our merchant tokenization services for card-on-file, a critical use case, with a six-fold increase in the number of unique merchants transacting in quarter four versus a year ago. Now, recent surveys tell us that 7 in 10 e-commerce consumers have a payment card information saved with at least one merchant type. Card-on-file tokenization is particularly helpful for subscription services like Netflix, marketplaces like Etsy and ride-hailing services like DiDi who have just signed on this quarter. But we do believe that when restrictions ease, people will return to shopping in person. And hence, we’re driving a secular shift in store as well. For example, we saw a strong acceleration of contactless in 2020 as more than 80 markets grew contactless penetration as a percentage of in-person transactions by at least 10%, which is driven by consumer demand for increased speed and safety, but of course, cleanliness at the point of checkout. This paves the way for new solutions that leverage contactless, such as our recently launched Cloud Tap on Phone, which will allow merchants of any size to quickly and easily accept contactless payments on a range of devices, including mobile phones, further expanding our acceptance reach. This will be particularly important for all those hard-hit small businesses trying to operate more digitally coming out of the pandemic. Now with respect to services. Services continue to be in strong demand as we help our customers adapt and succeed in this evolving omnichannel environment we just talked about. In aggregate, our services line represented about 1/3 of our revenues in 2020 and grew at 18% during that period on a currency-neutral basis, providing a critical source of growth and diversification. We will continue to invest in these capabilities across all payment flows to keep the ecosystem secure and to provide key insights to our customers, including publishing monthly trends, leveraging assets such as SpendingPulse. Our recent acquisitions in the services space providing a key source of differentiation are continuing to gain scale. For instance, Bank of America recently expanded its use of Ethoca’s dispute management tools. Fintechs in the U.S. and abroad, including American e-commerce company Rappi, are using the behavioral biometric technology of NuData and Transfast [ph] certification process, signing new customers, for RiskRecon to ensure cyber health across their system. And brands like Chico’s are leveraging our end-to-end loyalty platform through SessionM. So let’s turn our focus on the initiatives that are designed to address a broader set with payment flows with our multi-rail capabilities. They offer the choice and flexibility that consumers, businesses and governments need and increasingly expect. First, we are pleased to report that we closed the acquisition of Finicity in November, extending our network to provide data transmission capabilities essentially to fully capitalize on the future of open banking. Finicity continues its leadership in signing direct data access agreements with financial institutions and fintechs, building off existing direct relationships with major banks like Chase, Citi, Bank of America, Capital One and Wells Fargo. We recently added Chime, Brex, BMO Harris, Charles Schwab and ED Bank, [ph] and we’re moving quickly to secure more direct access relationships. Finicity continues to build out its digital assets and credit decisioning solutions, including those launched with 4 leading mortgage companies, and have seen rapid adoption of its lending and payment solutions. In parallel, we continue to expand our open banking capabilities in Europe and intend to leverage Finicity there as well. In the real-time space, we’re excited that Payments Canada has selected Mastercard to build and run its new real-time payment systems, clearing and settlement infrastructure. Our technology and expertise will power our best-in-class real-time payment infrastructure that provides a platform for innovation to enhance Canada’s economy. With this win, we are now providing real-time payments infrastructure for 12 of the top 50 GDP countries, extending our global footprint. Relating to these new infrastructure wins, we continue to build out applications that leverage real-time payment rails like with Mastercard Track Business Payment Service, which is now live with real-time payments and batch ACH in the U.S. alongside our card functionalities. We’ve also extended Track’s card payment capabilities worldwide and now continuing to build out our network with a number of bank and nonbank partners that considerably extend our reach on both the buyer and supplier side. This year, we plan to continue expanding the platform into new geographies and add our cross-border payment capabilities. We’re also delivering on our multi-rail promise with Mastercard Send, which continues to grow across the globe. For example, we expanded our reseller network by deepening our long-standing relationship with Citi to enable them to offer business-to-consumer disbursements in the U.S. This is one of several new partnerships leveraging Mastercard Send to enable B2C and person-to-person money transfers domestically and internationally. We also partnered with TransferGo, enabling customers across 20 European countries to make international money transfers from any card or bank account directly to a Mastercard debit or credit card. Now let’s take a look into the future. As you’ve surely heard, there’s a lot going on in the digital currency space, with many governments around the world evaluating central bank digital currencies. When a country chooses to issue its own CBDC like the pilots we’ve seen in countries like Sweden or China or instead, it provides a regulatory framework for private stable points or otherwise pursues both public and private options in parallel, we are engaged to central banks through our policy and the solution perspective. We’ve continued to invest in this space to be ready to co-invest with governments, banks and fintech partners. For example, the virtual test platform that we launched a short time ago is being received well. And our cryptocard programs, including Wirex in the U.K. and Uphold in the U.S., enable consumers to spend their crypto balances within our acceptance network. This year, we plan on adding digital currency controlled directly on our network, enabling our partners to take advantage of our acceptance reach and settlement capabilities. This will give choice and flexibility for consumers and merchants for what currency they want to use or receive. Our level of support will vary based on regulations in a given market. It will continue to be guided by our published principles on security, compliance and consumer protections and the value to our stakeholders in determining our involvement in a specific initiative. So there’s certainly a lot going on and significant opportunity ahead. With that, let me turn the call over to Sachin.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Michael. Turning to Page 3, which shows our financial performance for the quarter on a currency-neutral basis and excluding special items related to certain litigation and tax matters and the impact of gains and losses on the company’s equity investments. Net revenue was down 7%, reflecting the impact of the pandemic and includes a 1 ppt benefit from acquisitions. Operating expenses were flat year-over-year or down 3% if you exclude the 3 ppt impact of acquisitions. Operating income was down 12% and net income was down 17%, both of which include a 2 ppt decrease related to acquisitions. EPS was down 16% year-over-year to $1.64, which includes $0.04 of dilution related to our recent acquisitions, partially offset by a $0.03 contribution from share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased about $1 billion worth of stock and an additional $356 million through January 26, 2021. So let’s turn to Page 4, where you can see the operational metrics for the fourth quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV increased by 1% year-over-year on a local currency basis, reflecting the effects of the pandemic. U.S. GDV increased by 4%, with debt growth of 15%, partially offset by a credit decline of 7%. Outside of the U.S., volumes were flat. Cross-border volume was down 29% globally for the quarter. Similar to last quarter, intra-Europe volumes were less impacted than other cross-border volumes. Specifically, intra-Europe volume was down 15% for the quarter, whereas other cross-border volume was down 41%. Turning to Page 5. Switched transactions grew 4% in the fourth quarter globally. We saw positive growth in switched transactions across most regions, aided in part by the continued adoption of contactless. In addition, card growth was 6%. Globally, there are 2.8 billion Mastercard- and Maestro-branded cards issued. Now let’s turn to Page 6 for highlights on a few of the revenue line items, again described on a currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. The decrease in net revenue of 7% was primarily driven by a decline in cross-border volumes due to the effects of border restrictions and social distancing measures, partially offset by growth in GDV, switched transactions and continued growth in our services. As previously mentioned, acquisitions contributed approximately 1 ppt to net revenue growth. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items. Domestic assessments were up 1%, while worldwide GDV grew 1%. Cross-border volume fees decreased 41%, while cross-border volumes decreased 29%. The 12 ppt difference is primarily due to an adverse cross-border mix mainly driven by lower-yielding intra-Europe cross-border volumes being less impacted than higher-yielding other cross-border volumes. Transaction processing fees were up 4%, while switched transactions were up 4%, with the unfavorable cross-border mix I just mentioned being offset by strong services growth. Other revenues were up 17%, including a 1 ppt contribution from acquisitions. The remaining growth was primarily driven by our data analytics, consulting and cyber and intelligence solutions. Finally, rebates and incentives were up 1%. Moving on to Page 7. You can see that on a currency-neutral basis and excluding a special charge related to litigation, total operating expenses remained flat. This includes a 3 ppt increase related to acquisitions. Excluding acquisitions, we delivered an expense decrease of 3 ppt. Turning to Page 8, let’s discuss the specific metrics for the first 3 weeks of January. Starting with switched volumes, we continue to believe that most markets are in the normalization phase domestically with some approaching growth. Overall, switched volume growth remains generally consistent with the trends we saw in December. While we are seeing stronger growth in the U.S., this is being more than offset by slower growth in markets outside the U.S., primarily Europe. Switched volumes in the United States have been strong in recent weeks, supported in part due to the recent fiscal stimulus. Outside of the U.S., switched volumes in Europe have slowed considerably due to the increased lockdowns in countries like the U.K., Germany and Italy. When you look at how people are spending, we have recently seen a decrease in card-present growth rate due primarily to the effects of the increased lockdowns that began to be put in place in December, while our card-not-present growth rates remain healthy. Trends in switched transactions remain steady and are tracking the trends we are seeing at switched volumes. In terms of cross-border, we have seen a reversal in intra-Europe cross-border in recent weeks relative to the improvement we saw in November and December. Higher-yielding other cross-border remains more adversely impacted than intra-Europe cross-border. Turning now to Page 9. I’d like to provide some additional color on the cross-border trends across card-present and card-not-present. You can see the trends that we shared through the course of the quarter continue. Week-to-week fluctuations in November and December reflect holiday timing differences year-over-year. In total, if you look at the gray line, total cross-border, which showed some improvement in November and December, is now continuing in a relatively similar band to what we saw in October due to the reimplementation of border restrictions. If you look at the orange line, card-present spend reflects continued limited travel, in part due to the border restrictions I just mentioned. Card-not-present growth, which is the yellow line on the chart, continues to be resilient and has held up well. The green line represents card-not-present spend, excluding online travel-related spend, and remains positive as we effectively received strong growth across discretionary and nondiscretionary retail categories. Turning now to Page 10. I wanted to share our thoughts for the upcoming year. First and foremost, we feel like we are very well positioned to grow with the strategic deals we have laid out over the last several quarters, including those with Bank of America, NatWest, Deutsche Bank and Santander, to name a few. Further, we have positioned ourselves with the return of travel with travel-oriented portfolios. We have built a strong set of services capabilities, which continue to grow at a faster rate than before, and we will deepen penetration of these services across our customer base while expanding this portfolio. And our multi-rail strategy positions us well to address new flows and adapt to the changing payments landscape. In terms of the macro environment, we’re enthusiastic about the availability of effective vaccines. However, the rate at which vaccinations will take place is still uncertain. As a result, we will not be providing a forward view on net revenue for 2021 at this time as we believe visibility is dependent upon border opening, the further relaxation of social distancing measures and improvement in consumer confidence. As we have said, we expect to see progress in these areas in the second half of 2021. Turning to the first quarter. We anticipate that some of the more restrictive measures that have recently been put in place because of rising infections will persist in the near term. If this were to be the case, we would not expect spending levels to improve from what we have seen so far in January. By the way, we do plan on providing periodic updates to the operating metrics during this quarter. In addition, I will offer a few additional points to help you with your modeling. First, we will continue to experience lower cross-border related deals until broader scale interregional travel recovers. Second, from a growth rate perspective, we expect to start lapping the effects of the pandemic primarily in March. Also, as a reminder, last year was a leap year and so Q1 2020 had an extra day of volumes and revenues. And finally, we expect rebates and incentives as a percentage of gross revenues to be flat or up slightly sequentially due to new deal activity, including some of the recent wins Michael has just discussed. Now let’s turn to operating expenses. We continue to carefully manage our properties in order to preserve our ability to invest in our key long-term growth drivers, namely digital, cybersecurity, data analytics, B2B and multi-rail solutions. For Q1, we expect operating expense growth to be up mid-single digits versus a year ago on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. Of note, this increase reflects the lapping of spending actions taken a year ago as a result of the pandemic as well as a 3 ppt increase due to the lapping of a favorable hedging gain from a year ago. With respect to acquisitions made in 2020 or later, Finicity closed near the end of last November, and we continue to expect the transaction with Nets to close in Q1. Based on this timing, we expect the acquisitions to contribute about a 0.5 ppt to revenue in Q1 and 1 to 2 ppt for the year. Similarly, acquisitions will contribute approximately 4 to 5 ppt to operating expenses growth in the first quarter and 7 to 8 ppt for the year. As a reminder, we discreetly disclosed the impact of acquisitions for the year in which they closed and the subsequent year. After which, we do not split them up. Other items to keep in mind. Foreign exchange is expected to be about a 2 ppt tailwind to net revenues and a 2 ppt headwind to operating expenses in Q1. On the other income and expense line, we had an expense run rate of approximately $110 million per quarter given the prevailing interest rates. This excludes gains and losses in our equity investments, which are excluded from our non-GAAP metrics. And finally, we expect the tax rate of approximately 18% to 19% for the year based on our current geographic mix of the business. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Warren.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thanks, Sachin. Tanya, we’re ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Warren Kneeshaw: Tanya, it’s coming through very rough at this end. So, if you can try to correct that. First question, please?
Operator: Your first question [Technical Difficulty] with JP Morgan.
Unidentified Analyst: [Technical Difficulty]
Warren Kneeshaw: There’s a lot of static on the line. [Technical Difficulty] 
Operator: Your next question is from Craig Maurer from Autonomous Research.
Craig Maurer: [Technical Difficulty]
Warren Kneeshaw: [Technical Difficulty]
Craig Maurer: [Technical Difficulty] I wanted to ask about [Technical Difficulty] some of the announcements [Technical Difficulty] any improvement [Technical Difficulty]?
Warren Kneeshaw: Craig, you just dropped off. Can you still hear us? I’ll just rephrase the question in the hopes that you’re still on. [Technical Difficulty].
Michael Miebach: So, Craig, I can take that question. I just want to make sure you’re still around. Craig, can you hear us?
Craig Maurer: [Technical Difficulty]
Michael Miebach: Okay. We’re working on it. Yes, we’re just working on it. Let me try and take that so I can – [Technical Difficulty] a question on what the impact of the [Technical Difficulty] A couple of things [Technical Difficulty]. There is no change in our pricing either. Specifically on your question on payment [Technical Difficulty] once the transaction ended on the 31st of December of last year, the UK effectively became subject to the same interchange [Technical Difficulty] any other non-EU countries as agreed with the European Commission. And recognizing the prevailing pandemic, what we did is we set the timing of the change we commenced in October of 2021. We are very aware of the challenges which are being faced by retailers, businesses and people [Technical Difficulty] this pandemic. And we continue to view the timing of the implementation of this position as we go forward -- look forward for this year.
Operator: We’ll take the next question with [Technical Difficulty] with Credit Suisse.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you hear me?
Michael Miebach: Yes, I can hear you.
Unidentified Analyst: [Technical Difficulty]
Warren Kneeshaw: Yes. I’m sorry. We couldn’t get that. Just hold on a sec. We’re just trying to switch over the lines. This is Warren. There’s a problem with the operator’s line. AT&T is working it. We are just going to pause for a moment. So, if you could just bear with us. [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Your next question is from Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays.
Ramsey El-Assal: Glad you’re back. I wanted to ask about the impact of stimulus on your volumes. Is the U.S. switched volume improvement in January versus December, is this -- do you attribute this largely to the impact of stimulus? And then secondarily, I was interested, Michael, on what you were saying about Mastercard’s participation with the central bank digital coins and how you’re going to enable them to flow on your network. How do you help governments with that product? What can Mastercard do there to be of utility?
Sachin Mehra: Ramsey, it’s Sachin. I’ll take the first question. So, to your question, what we are seeing in the first three weeks of January is better performance in the U.S., and we are attributing that primarily to the impact of stimulus. Obviously, there’s several factors which go into overall spending trends, but this definitely does play a part. And we are seeing that come through. In terms of spend levels in the U.S. in the first 3 weeks as well as from a mixed standpoint, what we’re seeing as being more weighted to a debit in terms of what we’re seeing in the U.S.
Michael Miebach: Good. And on the central bank digital currency front, Ramsey, so here’s multiple ways that Mastercard can be helpful. As I was saying earlier, first of all, we are engaging with governments all around the world, really, first on a basis to find out what is the path forward when it comes to modernizing the payment stack on a given country. So is it the right tool for the job? And the conclusion is, it is the right tool for the job and then we will certainly partner, but I would also say that you will find situations where real-time payment is a better answer because it just happens to exist already, and it lives in the existing financial infrastructure. But let’s come back to CBDCs. We have a few principles that we put out into the market and which I’m happy to see is shared by most leading central banks around the world, and that is that you start off with recognizing there’s different roles between a central bank and a private sector bank. You don’t -- you want your lender of last resort. You want, so to say, the mining of the currency in any one of the private sector to bring utility to the currency for consumers or for businesses and so forth, so a 2-tier approach. And our partnership is with both sectors in this case. Private sector to say what utility could be brought? What’s the functionality that makes a difference, let’s say, when you want to pay with a cryptocurrency in a store. And here, that is where we bring to bear our acceptance network, for example. So the IP that we have that links the cryptocurrency that’s trading on our network is a very tangible example of what we could do. Then you think about other aspects here is that it’s generally the last-mile question. It is also consumer protection. It is transparency. It is business models around that. And it is using fundamentally the nature of the distributed ledger technology that is put to use here. And if you could imagine a world where there’s a bunch of smart contracts riding on a government-issued CBDC, and that is very similar to what we do in terms of applications in the real-time space, all what we do with debit and credit in the card space, underlying set of rails which we participate in and then we help bring utility across governments and private sector. That’s the play. Early stages, but we will support. And we today only carry CF currency in our network. And when this makes its way, then we’ll carry CBDCs in our network.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from Tien-tsin Huang with J.P. Morgan.
Tien-tsin Huang: I just want to ask on the NatWest win on the debit side. That’s a nice one. Anything interesting to share on how this win came together? And I’m also just curious, bigger picture of the pipeline for new deals, if it’s changed at all, if it’s different in terms of size and quality now versus, say, this time last year, pre-COVID.
Michael Miebach: Yes. So let me take the first part of the question and then Sachin can talk a little bit more about the pipeline and so forth. Now this big win, NatWest, but then looking at the other strategic relationship with Walgreens, Deutsche Bank, if I look at some of the aspects that recently driven or wins, these ones specifically but broader -- the broader portfolio, it is our capabilities across one set of rails. You heard me talk earlier about it. We’re going to want to co-innovate with NatWest on multiple payment rails. So certainly a differentiated capability matters, particularly in Europe, where the rival of real-time payment is absolutely real. Then you think about aspects in these markets, there is -- open banking is a little more pronounced than in other markets. So again, it’s an additional capability that’s a differentiator that we have with open banking connect in Europe. You look into digital-first capabilities. So again, something that played out over the last 2 years in Europe. So I would summarize it, Tien-tsin, as innovation. Certainly, pricing and all that matters. But the fact that there is something else that we can bring to the party and our solution selling approach brings it all together across services, multi-rail and what we do in our core business. So I think that’s generally the story. And how that’s changing to, let’s say, 2 years ago? Well, multi-rail, with the Canada venue just saw it, we’re growing our reach if something that is matters in so many more markets today. So we’re just advancing the strategy, and then we can bring it all to bear in a case like this.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. And Tien-tsin, I’ll just add. Michael touched upon the point around the power of the services capabilities that we bring. And you’ve heard this over the last, I don’t know how many quarters. The wins we’re having are very much supported by the strength of our services capabilities. It makes a real difference when we can walk in and talk with customers about how we can help them grow their top line and manage their expense base as it relates to fraud and things like that, which become more of a partnership discussion than a vendor relationship. And that’s been a key enabler as to helping us win. And that carries on, whether it’s NatWest, Deutsche Bank, the whole kind of spectrum of deals. And what do I expect on a going-forward basis? The pipeline remains robust. I mean things are going to keep happening. We’re going to renew existing customers. We’re going to keep working on new customers. We’re going to look to expand portfolios with existing customers. So that’s very much upfront and center in the bucket of what I call controllables. So there’s stuff which is happening in the macro environment, which we don’t necessarily control. But there are things we do, which is engagement with our customers and we’re driving hard on that.
Operator: Your next question is from Dan Dolev with Mizuho.
Dan Dolev: A quick question on debit. You mentioned debit is driving most of the growth. And if I look at Q4 versus Q3 debit growth in the U.S., it did decelerate by about 200 basis points. I just want to know what’s behind it. I see the comps are a little easier. So it would be great to get a bit of an explanation of what drove that in the fourth quarter and how is it looking in the first quarter.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. So again, you should think about the mix between debit and credit are based on a couple of things. One, what’s going on globally in the nature of the release of stimulus payments? What the timing of that is and what’s the timing of associated spend on that stimulus payment. That’s kind of bucket number one. Bucket number two is, what are the categories of spend and -- which have a higher propensity for debit versus which have a higher propensity of credit. So when I think about Q3 versus Q4, and while debit grew at a very healthy pace in Q4, it was a little bit at a slower rate than what we saw in Q3, back to your point. It’s largely been driven by the fact that the impact of the stimulus we’ve referred in Q3 started to weigh in Q4. On the flip side, credit performed really, really well. And when I say really well, it was still in negative, but a market improvement in credit because there was a greater spend taking place in discretionary categories, which are credit heavy. So we follow this and we track this pretty closely. And I think that would be the reasons why you should explain what changes are taking place in terms of the mix between debit and credit.
Michael Miebach: Yes. And just one point to add then. What we’ve seen in previous challenged periods in terms of economic outlook, there is -- in a downturn, debit is all generally preferred. And the main reason for that is people really want to spend the money that they have and avoid taking on extra burden in terms of additional debt. So this is a normal pattern that we have seen and it plays out in a way that Sachin just talked about.
Dan Dolev: Congrats on your first call.
Michael Miebach: Well, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America.
Jason Kupferberg: I just wanted to ask a 2-part question on cross-border. The first part is -- the highest yielding part of the cross-border business, the non-intra-Europe piece recently seems like the year-over-year declined or moderating a little bit. I don’t want to make too much out of a couple of weeks of data. But can you just touch on what has maybe driven the incremental improvement in that metric and the sustainability of the improvement as the comps presumably get progressively easier from here, more or less on a weekly basis? And then just the second part is more of a conceptual question. I mean in your base case of macro recovery and travel recovery, is it feasible that cross-border revenues next year in 2022 could get back to 2019 level? Not obviously asking for guidance but conceptually based on how you think the macro could theoretically unfold.
Sachin Mehra: Yes, Jason. On the first part of your question, here’s what I’d tell you. I would tell you, we’re closely watching what these trends are. In the first 3 weeks, we have exactly what you’re saying, which is the non-intra-Europe cross-border had started to see a little bit of a recovery come through. There are lots of puts and takes which take place there. And let me try and give you a little bit of color as to what could be driving some of that, right? First, at the end of the day, when you think about this component of non-intra cross-border, there are still several borders which are open. There are people traveling, if you think about U.S.-Mexico, if you think about borders within the Middle East and Africa. I could think about certain travel which is taking place in Asia Pacific. So you might be seeing -- you’re seeing a little bit of that come through. The other component which is driving this is, at the end of the day, when we think about other cross-border, we think about it generically speaking in the context of people getting on planes and traveling. But other cross-border is also influenced by expats, people who are sitting in far locations, who have cars, which are -- from their home countries. And the spend patterns on that could be influencing a little bit of what were going on -- what we’re seeing here. I wouldn’t make too much of the trend we are seeing in the first 3 weeks. We have to watch it for a little bit of a longer period of time. And that’s the kind of color I could share with you on that. On your longer-term question on cross-border, look, I got to tell you, we as a company are very encouraged by what we’re seeing from an overall availability of a vaccine standpoint. The rollout is something which is still kind of uncertain, and we’ll watch how the rollout goes. We believe -- with the availability of vaccines at scale, we believe of the availability of more efficient testing therapeutics. People -- the consumer -- the governments or consumers will come back. Borders will start to be relaxed. And social distancing measures would start to relax. Now we expect that to happen more in the latter half of this year. So [indiscernible] I would tell you, I’m quite optimistic about the fact that we’re seeing vaccines, which are proving to be as effective as what the test results would suggest. And we’ll see where it all kind of shakes out. I’m really not in a position to give you guidance as it relates to what I think cross-border will look like through the course of 2021. But I feel like if you just stand back and thought about it, the near term and in the longer term, the nearer term will continue to be linear until the vaccine stuff is rolled out at scale. The longer term, we feel very encouraged about.
Michael Miebach: Just an aspect to add here. And that is that there’s distinction between personal travel and corporate travel. We’ve seen it in the summer, this past summer 2020. The reaction, once consumer confidence increases, turned right up into travel increasing because people want to get on with their lives. They want to see their friends, their families and whatever. So the reaction of personal travel, too, driven by consumer confidence, which will in turn be driven by the vaccine rollout Sachin just talked about, I think, was going to be relatively near term. Corporate travel, that will take longer. Video tools, we should have actually used the video tool today maybe. You just see that, that is an additional way of getting together. Yes, people want to see their customers. How that will play out, we don’t exactly know. But back to personal travel, that is a significant majority of our travel portfolio. And all the wins that we had recently, they’re going to kick at this time. So medium term, we’re encouraged.
Operator: Your next question is from Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research.
Darrin Peller: Just a very quick follow-up on cross-border and then a structural question. But on cross-border, we remember, in February and March, it really started in Europe and the slowdown and then in March, obviously, the U.S. And so I’m just curious if that’s where the comps you expect to start seeing it ease up. But Michael, more from a structural standpoint, I just want to understand, I mean, what do you -- now that it’s almost been a year, when we look at services and the opportunity there, when you look at some of the other opportunities around contactless and e-comm, can you just touch on what you expect to be more permanent or more sustainable in terms of the business improvements due to the electronic nature of what we’ve seen in the pandemic?
Sachin Mehra: Yes. So Darrin, it’s Sachin. On your question around the lapping effect of cross-border, you’re right. We saw some cross-border decline start in the later part of February is what I would tell you. But the vast majority of the lapping effect, like I said in my prepared remarks, we expect to see across all our drivers in the month of March. That’s the way I kind of think about what we’re seeing here.
Michael Miebach: All right. And Darrin, on the questions on the trends, what makes the trends? That’s like -- that’s the key question here. Certainly, we started a digitization trend that’s been around for years, accelerate dramatically. I think it’s fair to say that years have been compressed into months. So what part of that will stick? When I look at what we’re going to see as structural changes, as sticking trends, I fundamentally believe that e-commerce is not going to revert back to what it was. So no back to quarter 4 2019. I think the general attitude towards cash is going to remain more negative than before. The surveys that we’ve done every single month since April of last year is telling us that consumers -- broadly speaking, 60% of consumers have a somewhat more negative attitude towards cash now, and we don’t think that will change. 70% of consumers, they’re going to do more digital banking, more online purchasing and more contactless. So I think that will just remain. As I said earlier in my prepared remarks, once you can venture out there and social distancing measures are relaxed, people will want to go and shop in their stores, in their local community, support the local restaurant, whatever it is. But the good experience, as people started to appreciate and learn online, that will not go away. So the good thing is we’ll have 2 legs to stand on with our business. We’ll benefit from both of them. Other structural trends that I see is more digital transactions, more data, more desire to understand the data. Data Insights, our service portfolio is on point for that. The same as more digital transactions, larger cyber footprint, potentially more risks. And a bunch of new businesses coming online that have been brick-and-mortar only, that’s an opportunity for us from a cybersecurity perspective. And then there’s a whole cross-border [indiscernible] digitizing supply chains, B2B. I would say that’s the other structural change that people take away from the pandemic.
Operator: Our next question is from Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson.
Lisa Ellis: And Michael, congrats again. In the prepared remarks, you highlighted the addition of Finicity to Mastercard’s open banking portfolio. Can you elaborate a bit on how you’re thinking about open banking where a payment or funds transfer could be made with debit, with Mastercard Send, with Fast ACH or RTP? Can you just comment a bit on how Mastercard’s role differs, value-added differs, economics differ across all of these different methods of payment? And are you agnostic or not? Why? Why not?
Michael Miebach: Yes. That’s a pretty broad question, Lisa. So let me tick the first part of it, and then Sachin can talk around the economics and the business all behind that. Broadly speaking, the way we look at open banking is, it’s adding data transmission capabilities as well as an additional set of transaction rails. We can initiate payments through open banking, permission API connections. We can do that. But we also can just verify assets or help in credit decisioning. So it’s a wide range of use cases, and we’re pretty agnostic what they are. We’re quite happy to initiate payments directly through reassigned payment rails but also the combination of a market where there is real-time payment infrastructure. There is an open banking regulation as in Europe. The fact that we have a strong position in both allows us to leverage the combination of that quite effectively. That is one of the things that Tesco does with us. The proposition that Tesco is offering is you pay your credit card very simply through an open banking connection, leveraging the real-time payment rails. That’s check, check, check, and it’s a good combination for us. Overall, where is this going to go? I see it as an additional leg in our multi-rail strategy. So one link into Mastercard. You want to pay through an open banking trend link, you want to pay through real-time payments, you want to pay through cards, whatever it is, one thing is through Mastercard. That’s the overall strategy. Finicity helps us clearly in the United States. But as I said before, these use cases that they have on asset verification and on credit decisioning, they are so in demand at this point in time. Taking them to Europe as quickly as possible will matter. Now Sachin can help you unravel some of these business models behind that.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. So Lisa, just a couple of thoughts around that. I think you’re quite familiar with the way we think about what constitutes our yield as a business, right? It’s across infrastructure, applications and services. And I would tell you whether it’s our card rails or it’s our real-time ACH rails or it’s open banking. The reality is there’s an opportunity to realize revenue across all of these 3 layers: infrastructure, apps and services. And so as we get more in the flow of transactions and/or data, there is the opportunity to realize on all of those levels. If your specific question is around what the interaction of economics will be if payments were to take place over open banking rails or for card rails, well, the reality is we’re in the business of providing choice to consumers. And what we’re going to do is provide choice, we’re getting price for the value we deliver across all of these 3 layers. I think it’s a little early to tell you exactly what the actual economics of a transaction over -- for example, open bank rails maybe, but it’s a payment transaction. What I can tell you, though, is take something like Pay by Account, which we’ve launched in the U.K. The economics for us on Pay by Account in the consumer use case in the U.K. are quite similar to our economics out there.
Michael Miebach: Yes. But broadly speaking, I think fair to say we are agnostic. It’s about choice. If the market want to go the one way, then the market will go one way and we’ll partner it. And otherwise, it goes a different way, we’ll partner it.
Warren Kneeshaw: We’re going to go to about 10 after 10:00, if you can stick with us just to take a few more questions.
Operator: Your next question is from Timothy Chiodo with Credit Suisse.
Timothy Chiodo: So one area of focus for investors has been what the makeup of cross-border volumes will start to look like over the next 3 to 5 years. So clearly, in 2020, retail e-commerce became a much larger piece of the mix. Travel became a smaller piece of the mix. But longer term, once we assume a travel recovery -- but there will also be the mix in Mastercard Send, Transfast, Mastercard Track expanding into B2B, more account-to-account remittances, et cetera, across the board mixing into the cross-border volumes. Maybe you can talk about that evolution over the next few years and what that mix might look like.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. Tim, it’s Sachin. So a couple of thoughts. One, we do expect, with the return of travel, the mix will start to come back to a certain level similar to what we saw pre-COVID. It might take a little of time as it relates to the business travel component. But I want to remind you that the vast majority of our travel from a cross-border perspective happens to be personal travel, which we expect to come back and come back based on the comment which Michael made around the pent-up demand. So we’ll see that come through. But you’re exactly right about other elements of cross-border, whether it’s leveraging our real-time rails and the applications in our cross-border manner, real opportunity we feel that as well because today, what we’re tapping into is the consumer flows, what we call the person-to-merchant flows, leveraging our card rails in a cross-border environment. The opportunity from a B2B standpoint still remains largely untapped. And this is where our suite of assets from a multi-rail standpoint really will play an important part, whether it’s our Send capabilities or the acquisition of Transfast which we did. All of those are key contributing factors. And we’re rolling those out pretty nicely. We’re building scale, we’re building capabilities as we go down that path. So all in all, I tell you, cross-border remains a selling -- decent sized opportunity on a going-forward basis.
Michael Miebach: And Tim, back to my earlier comments around structural changes, B2B and supply chain. A big part of the supply chain insight that people have just gained over the last 9 months is that there’s dependency on parts of the supply chain cross-border that they want to digitize and this -- so they can be more flexible to change suppliers in future scenarios. Now here, we come in with Transfast. We come in with our announced acquisition of HomeSend, the combination of all of that. And then you take this multi-rail capabilities, picture this in the context of Track, where there’s a data switch, all the data that you want alongside with your B2B transaction is coming along and you choose whichever way you want to send it. Use case of like remittances by our supplier payments, which make up about $110 trillion of global flows. Significant opportunities for us, we got the assets in place.
Operator: Your next question is from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.
Don Fandetti: So Michael, congratulations as well. I did get your updated thoughts on like big tech. Clearly, fintech proliferation is a big positive for the networks in our view. But how are the discussions with the big tech players going today versus a year or 2 ago? And do you think your interests are still aligned commercially and also in Washington from a regulatory perspective?
Michael Miebach: Yes. Don, that’s a good question to round this call off, I think a very, very wide-ranging question. You have a lot of elements that you put in there. So let me go at this from a couple of perspectives. The first is our focus, just want to run you was, these are partners, these are customers, and we have strong relationships with all of them. Amazon, Facebook, Apple, you name it. And just think about the Apple Card as an example there. When you then look forward, you look at where is the world going in terms of different rails, in terms of emerging technologies, in terms of 5G. So there’s a lot of change from a technology side in our ecosystem and here’s big tech players. But what I’m finding is that our specialist role here and our focus specific on payment technology makes us a very relevant partner. Most of these companies are oriented and focused on delivering a particularly good consumer experience, digital user experience to their customer base, trying to keep customers in their ecosystem, whatever they might be doing, if they’re a social network or something like that. And we stand the role of being the payments partner. That is a model of interaction that I think will continue to evolve. Some of these players do have payment aspirations. And Don, that’s where your question is going. But then you look at our services portfolio. You look at our capabilities like card-on-file tokenization and so forth. We help them with our services portfolio while they create quite a nice consumer front-end experience. The xPays is a good example for that. And as long as there’s choice and underlying payment tools, we’re quite happy to partner because it drives the overall digital, the acceleration of the digital trend. In terms of change in political regime and the incoming administration and the view on big tech, that is for them to comment on. Basically, we’re guided by our partnership. We’re going to lean in and continue to drive our business. Overall, otherwise, it’s early days. We have a great dialogue with the incoming administration. They’re interested in payments which we generally like. This is, by the way, the trend around the world. Governments interested in payments is critical national infrastructure, and we engage in that dialogue, topics of cybersecurity and data principles where we’re all a leading voice and that’s how we engage.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thanks, Michael. I think it’s time to wrap up. I just wanted to thank you for bearing with us as we went through this process. And I’m sure Michael will always remember his first call as CEO, but unfortunately, [indiscernible] kind of statement. Michael, any final thoughts?
Michael Miebach: Yes. My blood pressure is slowly coming down again after this little hump earlier. No, thank you for the questions. Really appreciate the interest and the dialogue. Don’t want to repeat anything. Just -- I have to go back one more time to 2020. That was a challenging year for the industry. That was certainly something that made us -- needed us to be as agile as we could possibly be. And I just want to comment again that our employees really stepped up and allowed us to close out the year on this positive trajectory. Now we said on a number of occasions throughout this call here, we’re optimistic about COVID recovery, really in the light of the vaccine being deployed. We’re optimistic about cross-border coming back driven by the exact same point. So in the near term, there’s optimism. In the very, very long term, there is optimism. I want to make one more point. All of this is great from an economic perspective and a performance perspective. What is equally important is that we do the right thing for communities and for our planet. And this week, I’m really proud and so many people at Mastercard are as we put out our net zero commitment. And that is just the last thought I want to leave you with that. With that, looking forward to speaking to you with less technical issues in a quarter from now. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q3 2020 Mastercard Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, Casey, and good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2020 earnings call. We hope you are all safe and sound. With me today are Ajay Banga, our Chief Executive Officer; Michael Miebach, our President; and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay, Michael and Sachin, the Operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com.  Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted, but the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I'd like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Chief Executive Officer, Ajay Banga.
Ajay Banga: Thank you, Warren. Good morning, everybody. We are now a few quarters into the pandemic. And while individuals and businesses and society at large continue to face many challenges, we are also seeing some positive trends, both in terms of the trajectory of spending and the acceleration of digital payments that we are helping enable. For example, our SpendingPulse estimates for quarter three show U.S. retail sales up 1.8% versus a year ago, ex-auto, ex-gas. We've also seen positive numbers in countries like the United Kingdom. Looking at the trends, volumes improved throughout the third quarter. In fact, if you exclude travel and entertainment, which has been particularly hard hit, our switched volume growth rates in September were similar to what we saw before the pandemic in Q4 of 2019. Using our four-phased framework, we have seen markets go through the containment and stabilization phases, and now we believe that most markets are in the normalization phase domestically with some approaching growth. And so, consistent with this, we have seen our revenue going in the right direction this quarter as year-over-year currency-neutral growth was 3 percentage points better than last quarter, and the domestic spending trends so far in October continue to remain steady. Now, we have seen some improvement in domestic travels in the quarter, including spending in categories such as lodging and restaurants. Cross-border travel, however, remains constrained. And while we have seen some improvement in travel within the EU during the quarter, cross-border travel outside the EU has shown only limited recovery. We believe travel improve and consumer confidence recovers as a result of improved testing and safety protocols being put in place, medical advances occurring and as border restrictions are lifted, and there is increased international coordination of travel cross-borders. When cross-border travel does improve, we will be very well-positioned to capitalize on that recovery. So, overall, we see signs of improvement. But, we’re not out of the woods yet, as we are seeing in places like Europe restriction being put back in place. As we said in the past, progress through the phases may not be linear. It's going to take some time. And it will be positively impacted by the broad availability of successful therapeutics and vaccines. During this time, we remain focused on the things we can control, continue to execute against our strategy, invest in our business for the longer term and manage our expenses in a disciplined way. Our digital technologies help us drive the secular shift to electronic forms of payment that support our broad range of customers, banks, fintechs, neobanks and merchants. We are growing our core payment capabilities in credit, debit, prepaid and commercial with new and renewed deals. Our services, which are helping our customers and consumers adapt to the changing environment are continuing to grow well, and they provide meaningful differentiation and revenue diversification. And our multi-rail capabilities are providing choice to customers and consumers by addressing a wide range of payment flows. So, with that, let me turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Miebach: Thanks, Ajay. Picking up where Ajay left off, we're positioning ourselves for the future by driving this accelerated shift towards electronic payments. According to our research, almost 7 in 10 people globally say the shift will likely be permanent. We believe that as the economies reopen, people will shop in stores again. But, e-commerce will remain elevated from pre-pandemic levels as behaviors have changed and payment preferences have shifted. Our research also shows that about 60% of consumers plan to use less cash, even after the pandemic subsides. As a result, merchants are becoming more digital and consumers and businesses are adapting how they interact at the point of sale, both in-person and online. Regardless of how these trends play out, our solutions are available to support consumers, issuers and merchants. The debt preferences and needs evolve, be it in store or online. And we are partnering with digital enablers to bring our digital solutions to market at speed and at scale. Let me give you some examples. First, consumers. Consumers want choice. Whether they want to pay using contactless, card-on-file, QR or via installments, we are enabling that choice. Contactless growth continues to be fueled by increasing consumer adoption. In the third quarter, contactless penetration represented 41% of in-person purchase transactions globally, up from 37% in the second quarter and 30% a year ago. At the same time, we are enabling a safe and simplified experience for consumers across digital channels with our tokenization capabilities. This foundational technology is growing rapidly with the number of tokenized transactions doubling year-over-year in the third quarter, now accounting for 8% of our switched transactions. We're also enabling more consumers to participate in digital commerce. For example, Santander Chile has rolled out digital debit Mastercard to all of their Maestro card holders. This quarter alone, we won deals that will lead to about 10 million Maestro cards being migrated to Debit Mastercard in the near future. Second, let's talk about issuance. We have a set of digitally enabled products and solutions that drive this accelerated secular shift, including digital-first solutions tailored to fintechs and neobanks, and issuing plans with which we have an established leadership position. We're partnering with large global players like PayPal, as we make the PayPal business Debit Mastercard available to businesses in five new markets in Europe, in addition to its current availability in the U.S., the UK and Germany. We've extended our deals neobank, one of the world's largest neobanks, and will maintain a leadership position with them in Brazil as one of the new markets as they expand their operations in Mexico and Colombia. Mastercard also helps fintechs build and scale their businesses. We've signed several deals with fast-growing neobanks around the world, like Nickel in France and Bnext in Spain. Third, we're focused on helping merchants, merchants as they shift to digital and develop omnichannel capabilities. For instance, we launched a POS capability in India with Worldline and Axis Bank that transforms smartphones into point-of-sale terminals with the ability to accept contactless QR and remote payments. In the buy now, pay later space, in addition to our previous partner announcements, we recently announced the partnership with TSYS to deliver installment capabilities to issuers. In addition, we're also piloting simplified shopping experiences using AI and computer vision, such as enhanced drive-thrus at White Castle and Sonic, and checkout-free pilots at Dunkin' and Circle K. And finally, we're partnering with digital enablers to bring our digital solutions to market. We just announced an expanded partnership with Marqeta, a digital processor, to introduce new products and launch additional card programs in new geographies. And talking about geographies, in Africa, we have partnered with Samsung, Airtel Africa and Asante to enable access to digital financing to consumers, entrepreneurs and merchants. In parallel, we're driving hard-to-grow our core products, leveraging these differentiated digital capabilities to set ourselves up well for the future. In the U.S., we are excited about our partnership with Chase to launch the new Freedom Flex Mastercard, offering card members cash back on everyday spend as well as our leading world of these benefits. We also expanded our relationship with Barclays Bank U.S., which will now include new products and services in addition to their consumer and small business credit portfolios. In Europe, we continue to strengthen our position. We signed a regional agreement with the Santander Group for their card business, securing a long-term partnership. We're also extending our relationship with ING, as they grow internationally. And we've agreed to a long-term renewal with Swedbank, our largest customer in the Nordics and Baltics, which will become an exclusive Mastercard customer. On the co-brand front, in the U.S., the Wayfair Mastercard with Citi has launched. And, we will be the new exclusive network for the AARP Credit co-brand program. In Canada, we have extended our co-brand relationship with Walmart. And we're happy that Taobao just launched its Mastercard co-brand issued by Bank of China in Hong Kong and Macau. We're also focused on positioning ourselves for the return of travel. This includes partnerships with Emirates Skywards on their first co-brand credit card in the U.S. and a renewal of our exclusive co-brand agreement with Miles & More, the largest traveler loyalty program in Europe on their German portfolio. It also includes a focus on travel-oriented portfolios like WEX that you've heard us talk about over the last several quarters. We're also working hard to improve cross-border approval rates and optimize portfolios now with Cyber & Intelligence and Data & Analytics Services. Now, speaking of services, it is important to note that our services have played a critical role enabling the wins I just mentioned. For example, our renewal and extension with ING will include our data analytics and data insights services. Services are a material driver of our revenue growth and a source of diversification while we help our customers adapt quickly and securely as they navigate through the pandemic into a rapidly digitizing world. One way we're helping our customers is through our cyber services and the use of artificial intelligence, an area we have been investing in both organically and inorganically. We have developed a broad set of scalable AI capabilities, which have been integrated into our network, our products and services. And here are some examples. Citibank is assessing our AI platform to determine enhanced capabilities to mitigate credit losses. And Itaú and Santander Mexico are using our AI to provide added security for consumers while ensuring good transactions are approved. And with that, let's turn to the account to account space, where we believe there are significant incremental flows to address. For the last several years, we've developed a set of assets to comprehensively address these opportunities at the infrastructure, applications and services layers. We believe this combination allows us to best address the broad range of customer needs. At the infrastructure level, we continue to make good progress with our build-outs and have a strong position in all major geographic regions, including key markets like the U.S., the UK, Nordics and Saudi Arabia. Building off our strong position in infrastructure, we're also making good progress in the application layer, utilizing our multi-rail capabilities. Starting on the consumer-to-merchant front. The Pay by Bank app in the UK, which extends our ability to compete for everyday spend along with our debit products, is growing both in consumer accounts and merchant acceptance. With Barclays set to launch with their 9 million mobile banking app customers before the end of the year, together with their customers already onboarded by HSBC, we will have around a third of the UK mobile banking customers enabled. We have streamlined our merchant onboarding process and currently have more than 700 merchants signed up, such as the WHSmith Group. At our distribution partners like Workday and others, we are well positioned to expand acceptance even further. In the bill pay space, several new partners will be supporting the Mastercard Bill Pay Exchange, including FIS, Wescom Credit Union, Payrailz and MoCaFi on the consumer side and COBRA, PNC Bank and CSG on the biller side. Bill Pay Exchange will now have access to approximately a third of bills paid annually in the U.S. and be able to reach about a quarter of active U.S. Bill Pay consumers. In the B2B, we continue to develop the ecosystem around Mastercard Track Business Payment Service with Fiserv now live on the platform. We are also excited to announce an expansion of our longstanding strategic relationship with PayPal, who can now use Mastercard Send to power fund transfers to consumers and small businesses through all their brands, including Braintree, Zoom, Hyperwallet and iZettle. And finally, we are continuing to make progress in the services layer, including consulting, fraud prevention and a recent extension in the UK for our trace anti-money laundering services. In summary, we're managing our business through this normalization phase with agility, winning share and have good deal momentum. We're driving the accelerated shift towards digital payments, and our clients see us differentiating ourselves with our services. We see domestic volumes rebound and are positioning ourselves well for the medium to long-term growth opportunity, including the return of travel through continued investment in our strategic priorities. With that, let me turn the call over to Sachin for an update on our financial results and operational metrics.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Michael. So, turning to page 3, which shows our financial performance for the quarter on a currency-neutral basis and excluding the impact of gains and losses on the Company's equity investments. Net revenue was down 14%, reflecting the impacts of the pandemic and includes a 1 ppt benefit from acquisitions. Operating expenses were down 5% year-over-year or down 8%, if you exclude the 3 ppt impact of acquisitions. Operating income was down 20% and net income was down 26%, both of which include a 1 ppt decrease from acquisitions. EPS was down 25% year-over-year to $1.60, which includes $0.03 of dilution related to our recent acquisitions, offset by a $0.03 contribution from share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased about $2.1 billion worth of stock and an additional $392 million through October 23, 2020. So, let's turn to page 4, where you can see the operational metrics for the third quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV increased by 1% year-over-year on a local currency basis, reflecting the effects of the pandemic. U.S. GDV increased by 4% with debit growth of 20%, partially offset by a credit decline of 12%. Outside of the U.S., volume was flat. Cross-border volume was down 36% globally for the quarter. As we have previously mentioned, the pace of recovery in lower yielding intra-Europe volumes is stronger than other cross-border, which is higher yielding. Specifically, intra-Europe volume was down 23%, whereas other cross-border volume was down 49% as border restrictions were eased in Europe in advance of other locations. Turning to page 5. Switched transactions showed growth of 5% in the third quarter globally. We saw positive growth in switched transactions across most regions, aided in part by the continued adoption of contactless that Michael mentioned earlier. In addition, card growth was 5%. Globally, there are 2.7 billion Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards issued. Now, let's turn to page 6 for highlights on a few of the revenue line items, again described on a currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. The decrease in net revenue of 14% was primarily driven by a decline in cross-border volumes due to the effects of border restrictions and social distancing measures, partially offset by growth in GDV switched transactions and continued growth in services. As previously mentioned, acquisitions contributed approximately 1 ppt to net revenue growth. As a reminder, the transaction with Nets did not close this quarter, as previously expected. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items. Domestic assessments were up 5%, while worldwide GDV grew 1%. The 4 ppt difference is primarily due to favorable mix. Cross-border volume fees decreased 48%, while cross-border volume decreased 36%. The 12 ppt difference is due to adverse cross-border mix, mainly driven by a slower recovery in non-intra-Europe cross-border volumes that are high yielding than intra-Europe cross-border volumes. Transaction processing fees were up 1%, while switched transactions were up 5%. The 4 ppt difference is primarily driven by the adverse cross-border mix I just mentioned. Other revenues were up 6%, including a 2 ppt contribution from acquisitions. The remaining growth was driven by our Cyber & Intelligence and Data and Services solutions. Also, just as a reminder, growth in other revenues was impacted by a difficult year-ago comp. Finally, rebates and incentives were up 2%. Moving on to page 7. You can see that on a currency-neutral basis, total operating expenses decreased 5%. This includes a 3 ppt increase related to acquisitions, which was lower than expected, primarily due to a delay in the closing of the transaction with Nets. Excluding acquisitions, expenses decreased 8%, which was also better than expectations, primarily related to actions taken to reduce advertising and marketing, travel, personnel costs and professional fee-related expenses. Turning to page 8. Let's discuss what we've seen through the first three weeks of October. One point to note, while the week ending October 21st shows higher growth metrics relative to the prior week, this is being primarily driven by the timing of significant promotional activity by an e-com merchant and their competitors. Through the first three weeks of October, each of the metrics are in line with recent trends, adjusting for this e-com promotional activity. Commenting on the specific metrics, starting with switched volumes, we believe that most markets are in the normalization phase domestically with some approaching growth. When you look at how people are spending, card-present growth rates remain steady, with strength in retail categories such as groceries, offset by some declines in T&E. Card-not-present growth rates remain healthy. Trends in switched transactions remain steady, benefiting from increased contactless penetration. In terms of cross-border, intra-Europe continues to outpace other cross-border volumes. As previously mentioned, intra-Europe yields are lower than those of other cross-border volumes. So now turning to page 9, I'd like to provide you additional color on the cross-border trends across card-present and card-not-present. You can see the trends that we laid out through the course of the quarter continue. The e-com promotional activity I referenced also impacted cross-border growth for the week ending October 21st. In total, if you look at the gray line, total cross-border continues in a similar band. If you look at the orange line, card-present spend has declined slightly, following an uptick in travel over the summer holiday season. Card-not-present growth, which is the yellow line on the chart, continues to be resilient and has held up well. The green line represents card-not-present excluding online travel-related spend and remains positive. We continue to see strong growth across retail categories, particularly in discretionary areas like clothing and home improvement as well as in nondiscretionary categories such as groceries. This line was particularly impacted by the e-com promotional activity. One final point regarding all metrics. Given the recent increase in COVID-19 cases, we are closely monitoring the impact on spending of additional mitigation measures that are being put in place, particularly in Europe. Turning to page 10. I wanted to share our thoughts on the upcoming quarter. As we previously established, given the ongoing uncertainty, we will not be providing a forward view for net revenues at this time. We do intend, however, to continue to provide periodic updates to our operating metrics to help you understand the trends we are seeing. First, I'd like to make a few comments on how I see our business shaping up in light of the pandemic. The story in non-T&E domestic volumes is quite encouraging. Specifically, as Ajay mentioned, we are seeing volume growth rates ex-T&E in September, similar to what we were seeing pre-COVID in Q4 2019. The impact of the pandemic on travel and, in particular, on non-intra-Europe cross-border travel, remain significant. While we believe that cross-border will ultimately recover, it will take time for people to build their confidence in the safety of travel, and we believe that is tied to the broad availability of vaccines and therapeutics, likely towards the latter part of next year. As a reminder, we will see improved growth rates due to lapping the effects of the pandemic before that, starting in late March next year. All of this being said, we have always been well-positioned in the cross-border travel space, and we continue to build on this position of strength through various initiatives with existing and new partners, as Michael commented on. This will enable us to capitalize on the recovery in cross-border when it does occur. With that as background, I'd like to make a couple of comments to help you with your modeling of revenues for the quarter. First, as you have seen, non-intra-Europe cross-border travel has seen minimal recovery since the onset of pandemic. Given that these volumes are significantly higher yielding than intra-Europe cross-border, this has resulted in a slower recovery in our cross-border revenues. As a reminder, this negative mix impacts both our cross-border volume fees and transaction processing fees, as you have seen in Q3. This will continue to be a factor, so long as this mix persists. Secondly, we expect rebates and incentives as a percentage of gross revenues to increase by 2 to 3 ppt sequentially, reflecting normal seasonal trends and increased deal activity, as Michael mentioned. Now let's turn to operating expenses. Consistent with our four-phased framework, we’re managing through the pandemic and given that we are in the normalization phase, we continue to carefully manage our priorities in order to preserve our ability to invest in our key long-term growth drivers, digital, cyber, data and analytics, B2B and multi-rail solutions. For Q4, we expect operating expenses to be down low single digits versus a year ago on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. This reflects our continued focus on expense management as well as sequentially higher advertising and marketing spend related to promotional campaigns. With respect to M&A, we are pleased with the progress we have made toward securing regulatory approval for the transaction with Nets and now expect that transaction to close in the first quarter of 2021. Based on this timing and the planned closing of the Finicity acquisition this quarter, we expect acquisitions to contribute 0.5 ppt to revenue and approximately 4 to 5 ppt to operating expenses in the fourth quarter. Other items to keep in mind for Q4. Foreign exchange is expected to be a 1 ppt headwind to revenues and a 0 to 1 ppt headwind to operating expenses. On the other income and expense line, we are at an expense run rate of approximately $100 million per quarter, given the prevailing interest rates. This excludes gains and losses on our equity investments, which are excluded from non-GAAP metrics. And finally, we expect a tax rate of approximately 20% for the quarter, based on the current geographic mix of our business. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Warren.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, Sachin. Casey, we're now ready for the Q&A session.
Operator: Great. Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Craig Maurer with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Craig Maurer: Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. So, synthesizing everything you're saying and piecing together what you said on cross-border, it sounds like, effectively, we should be modeling an extended period here of depressed yields perhaps, through the start of 2022. Is that how you're thinking about things?
Sachin Mehra: Hey Craig, it's Sachin. So, let me take that one. I think, the thing to actually focus on is the following. When you think about cross-border, you think about intra-Europe cross-border and non-intra-Europe cross-border. But, the other dimension you should think about is personal travel relative to business travel. And, I think, what you should -- our expectation in terms of how we think things will evolve is going to be tied to the availability of vaccines and therapeutics. Our view is personal travel comes back quicker than business travel does. Personal travel for Mastercard represents a substantial portion of our total cross-border. So, the way I would think about that is to think about in the context of, as travel starts to come back, we'll see personal travel, which is a substantial portion of our total cross-border come back sooner than business travel. And that should be tied to how we see the evolution of the COVID vaccine and the therapeutics taking place. That's the way I would think about it.
Craig Maurer: Okay. Considering the other commentary you had, refresh our memory in terms of the yield dynamic in card-not-present/e-com versus card-present, considering it seems that obviously the direction is favoring e-com at this point.
Sachin Mehra: Look, I mean, here is what I tell you, in terms of the opportunity for yields on card-present versus card-not-present is the way you should think about it, generally, at the baseline, the yields are pretty consistent. Clearly, when you have card-not-present transactions, you have the opportunity to leverage the strong capabilities we at Mastercard have from a services standpoint, such as our fraud and analytics capabilities, which when layered on and are more relevant in the card-not-present environment, cause for the yields to be higher in card-not-present over card-present.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is now open. Once again, Ramsey El-Assal from Barclays, please go ahead. Your line is now open. Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Lisa Ellis: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. You mentioned on the call that tokenization -- I think, this is the first time you've disclosed some of these metrics. So, digging into them. Tokenization doubled -- tokenized transactions, I guess, doubled year-on-year, and it's now 8% of the total. Can you elaborate a little bit on what's going on with tokenization? Specifically, how is the implementation of SCA in Europe impacting the rollout of tokenization? And then, what kind of tools are you using to drive this rollout? So, for example, at some point, would you implement a liability shift or something like that similar to what you did with EMV, or kind of how was this expected to roll out over the next couple of years, especially in light of this dramatic shift into e-com? Thank you.
Ajay Banga: Hey Lisa, it's Ajay. And I'm going to kick it off, and I'm going to let Michael. He is the European export. First, tokenization to us is building the foundation for safe, secure and frictionless online contactless kind of commerce. But, think of tokenization as being extendable also to card-present transactions eventually. So that wherever card data exchanges hand in any form, the actual data that exchanges hands is not the data that can be reused without unlocking cryptocurrency. That's the objective. Then also, therefore, provides us with a terrific rail to see more transactions than we used to in the past, which by the way is one of the reasons why our transaction percentage, as we see, is growing up from -- over the last decade from 40-something percent to 55-plus percent today. And that enables our data and services business to power itself on a higher level of growth. That's the logic of tokenization. That's the investment in it. The fact that it's now 8%, which is kind of doubling over last year in terms of number of transactions, you should view that as a continuing trend that we are going to push as hard as we can with every ounce of energy in our selling system. That's the first part of the answer. Does it connect to Europe? Yes, not yet any differently from others because secure customer authentication, SCA, is still not fully implemented, as you know, in Europe because there was an extension granted on how well that will go through. Will that be very much helped by tokenization? Yes, but not yet in those numbers. So, what you're seeing is really efforts across the board, across markets, across geographies for us to build a foundation for this very simple smart commerce of the future.
Michael Miebach: Despite the fact that Ajay isn't European, I think, he told the European story. The only thing I would add is, as we did the foundational work over the last two, three years around tokenization, particularly the merchant tokenization, our MPRM [ph] product, we've made the implementation so much easier. We're talking about a very light lift for merchants, which is driving some of this acceleration here.
Ajay Banga: And by the way, Lisa, this is useful for merchants, as Michael said. It's useful for fintech. It's useful for banks. It's useful from a point of view of governments, because it adds the security in the system. This is a good thing. And it's standardized across the industry, which makes it get to scale.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Darrin Peller: When we look at the other revenue line, it just was -- it seems a little more than we had expected. If you could just give a little more detail on to what went into that and really the investments you're making in that category, which I know is sort of a catch all for a lot of the newer services you have. What should we expect from that over the next year or two in terms of opportunities for further investment in growth in that area? Thanks.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. So Darren, so in other revenue, as we kind of previously discussed, it's got -- a large part of our services revenue sits there. There are several other revenue items related to acquisitions, which we've done in the services area, which kind of again sit in that. So, there's a bunch of stuff which goes in the other revenue line item. I think the way you should think about it is the following. Our services capabilities and the revenue we generate from our services capabilities continue to be in great demand in the marketplace and they're growing well. Bottom line, point number one, really important for us to get out there, because there is a lot of demand coming from our customers on that. What you are seeing in terms of other revenue growth in Q3 is -- and the reason it's -- we grew at 6% ex acquisitions that grew at about 4%. We had a tough year-over-year comp. Last year, that other revenue line item was growing at 30% ex acquisitions. And so, look, at the end of the day, last year the growth rate we had was driven by some really strong demand in the third quarter for our consulting capabilities, which came through there. And really, what I would say is longer term, the way you should think about services in general and other revenue as well is they continue to grow faster than the core. They're in good demand in the marketplace, including those which we've developed organically, as well as the acquisitions we've done, including things like Ethoca, RiskRecon, all of which, candidly in the current prevailing environment with increased digitalization are even in more demand. So, that's the way I think about it.
Ajay Banga: The only thing I'll add to that -- this is Ajay, is that the services in other revenue is a number of different businesses. It's not one thing. So, there's data analytics, there's loyalty, there's cybersecurity. So, it can create some lumpiness across quarters. But, those -- when we started out 10 years ago, that was 4%, 5% of our revenue. It is currently running -- Sachin, at what level?
Sachin Mehra: So, it's north of 25%...
Ajay Banga: Somewhere between 25% and 30% of our revenue, depending on the quarter. So, you can imagine the focus that Michael and team are putting into it, you should expect to see more activity in that space in data analytics, in AI, in cybersecurity. You should expect Michael to be continually driving new differentiation there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Napoli from William Blair. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Bob Napoli: Just a question on the M&A side. It seems like there is a lot more regulatory overview of acquisitions by large tech companies like -- including Visa and Mastercard. You sound very optimistic about closing Finicity and Nets; obviously, these are getting a lot of overview on flat. Are you seeing a lot more -- a lot heavier regulatory review of acquisitions? And, does that change your M&A strategy at all?
Michael Miebach: Hey Bob, Michael here. So, we're actively engaging on the two that you mentioned. That's Nets and that's Fincity. As Sachin pointed out earlier, we are confident that Nets will close into the first quarter. We're very happy that we get the intrinsical approval from the EU Commission there. We're working through the remedy. So, that is a process that's well-understood and on track for us. So, a high level of confidence there. When it comes to Finicity, we continue to be quite optimistic as we work this through and it will close in the fourth quarter. Now, the level of oversight and engagement around antitrust topics, we're obviously aware of that. And we're following a news as everybody else does. Now, when we look at Finicity where the confidence that I've just talked about there really relates to why we like Finicity. We like Finicity because they have really strong data management practices. We like them because they have in a light of day set of relationships with banks and with fintechs on both sides, so very transparent business model. We like them particularly because of the approach that they took to create a world of open banking that really favors the consumer to use their data with their consent and only with their consent. They created the financial data exchange around it, which is now the emerging standard globally on how to do open banking in a proper way. So, we feel really quite good about that. Other acquisitions, as they come, we'll continue to work that within the respective regulatory environment. So, not any change to our M&A strategy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Jason Kupferberg: I just wanted to ask two things. First, just the delta between switched transaction growth and transaction processing revenue growth, I think there was about a four-point spread there? And then, just a number of issuers have talked about improved U.S. credit volumes in September and October. Wondering if you guys saw that as well as you deconstruct the domestic volume numbers. Thanks.
Sachin Mehra: Hi Jason, it's Sachin. On transaction processing fees and the delta between transaction processing fees and the growth in switched transactions, it is primarily being driven by the adverse cross-border mix. As you know, there is a component of our cross-border revenues which come in transaction processing fees. And when the proportionate share of intra-Europe versus non-intra-Europe is tilting towards in favor of intra-Europe transactions, it has the adverse impact, which is what you're seeing come through there. And in Q3, that's exactly what's kind of driving that delta. On your second question on performance of credit, we do have actually seen an improvement in credit performance quarter-over-quarter, much in line with what you're learning from the issuer side. In fact, I would say, across all regions, there has been good improvement in our volume metrics. And the reality is, as we are starting to see strength come through relative to the second quarter in terms of domestic volumes and transactions, that's manifesting itself in the debit improvements we've seen as well as on the credit side. So, it's very consistent with what we're hearing fromthe issuance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Tien-tsin Huang: I know a lot of questions on yields and I understand that geography matters on cross-border. I think, Craig asked about card-present versus card-not-present. But, just in general, any comments or anything -- any call-outs on product mix and how that impacts your yields as well as maybe even client mix, if more spending is going to bigger merchants and marketplaces, any call-outs there?
Sachin Mehra: Hi. Tien-tsin. So, the color, which in addition to the commentary, which we've just shared around yields in general as well as the mix shift, which is taking place between intra-Europe cross-border and non-intra-Europe cross-border is, travel, by and large happens to be more credit-oriented. And recovery of travel ties closely to how the metrics show up on credit as well. And so, the only point I can make is that as we start to see travel come back, which we very well expect to come back, and like I said, personal travel probably before business travel. I think, from a product standpoint, what you can expect to see is that the credit volumes start to come back in a more meaningful manner, just because that's the more prominent product to use there. The other piece is certainly prepaid as well in the travel business. As you know, we've got a bunch of prepaid products, which are very focused on travel-oriented business. And that too we'll start to see that come through, once travel comes back.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
James Faucette: Great. Thanks. Just a quick question for me on taxes. They came in a little bit higher than we had modeled. Is that attributable, once again, to geographic mix, and we should expect to see that normalize as overall trends and volumes normalize? And I guess, just a quick question there. And then, looking a little bit longer and at new products, can you talk a little bit about how we should think about the Buy-Now-Pay-Later roadmap and the MCI platform? I know that earlier this quarter, you announced an agreement with Global Payments, TSYS. How should we think about the economics of that platform developing and impacting Mastercard's business overall?
Sachin Mehra: James, on taxes, -- the tax rate question which you had is being driven by a shift in the mix of our earnings, the geographical mix of our earnings. And really I've shared with you in terms of our outlook for taxes for Q4 reflects the current mix as we see it. Look, longer term, what I would tell you is, as things revert back to the mean, and I perfectly will expect that over time, things will revert back to the mean. One would expect to see that come through in the nature of our tax rate as well, as the mix starts to readjust back to what we used to see in the pre-COVID days.
Michael Miebach: Yes. On the Buy-Now-Pay-Later space, obviously, this is -- it's a hot space. We're very active in this area. The whole range of partnerships that you recall over the last couple of quarters, Jifiti Divido, our Pine Labs investment, our Vyze acquisition and now TSYS. So, different regionally oriented ways to go to market. Afterpay, not to forget those guys. Different regional models to go to market. In terms of the economics questions that you asked related to that, it does play out in markets differently. But broadly speaking, the way we get involved in Buy-Now-and-Pay-Later not get involved to the credit side of it, but get out in -- get involved in the side of connecting merchants as well as lenders. So, here that -- you should think about that as fee-driven. We don't see the credit impact on our P&L, but it's a nice transaction business that relates -- links directly to the payment and therefore, puts us in an ideal position to benefit from that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Bryan Keane: I was going to kind of ask a follow-up on that. And I understand credit's being impacted by travel. Just trying to think post pandemic, is it possible that we see credit continuing to lag versus norms because of these new models, new lines of credit like BNPL and maybe the growth in debit, the outsized growth continues, just trying to think about some of the changes post pandemic and how you guys think about that. Thanks.
Michael Miebach: Well, let me start on that. First of all, picking up on Sachin's earlier comment, credit and travel, there's a high degree of correlation. As travel comes back, you'll see that reflected in credit. I think, generally, the point about us providing choice in payments to consumers is the key point. So, we'll see credit, we'll see debit, QR push payments. That's why we have a multi-rail strategy benefit from all that, regardless of what the mix is. But, I do expect credit to come back, while we saw a significant growth in debit on the shorter term. So, that’d be my outlook on the short-term future.
Ajay Banga: Think about -- this is Ajay. Think about whether you say credit or a credit product or credit on a Buy-Now-Pay-Later product, it's still credit. It's pay later. They're either paying now, paying later or paying in advance, that is the third way to pay. Paying in advance is prepaid, paying now is debit or pay by account, which is again, our multi-rail approach, or credit, which is credit cards or Buy-Now-Pay-Later. We are not going to show on consumers into one place or the other. Our job is to offer choice to our partners, merchants, fintechs, banks, and then let them play the right approach with their consumer base. So, our kind of approach to this is that the need for some degree of a pay later product remains. Whether it's on one rail or the other happens to be just two options that we would offer both of.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Donat with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Chris Donat: I wanted to ask one follow-up question on the spending trends in your commentary about October and having one large e-commerce merchant. Do you have any thoughts on if that might be affecting -- like pulling forward some of the traditional holiday spending, or is that not really a factor? And then, also, if you could comment on how much travel might typically contribute to a fourth quarter increase relative to the third quarter in spending activity?
Michael Miebach: All right. Chris, it's Michael here. So, let me start with that. So, when we look ahead from this October week into the rest of the year and the holiday spending season, I think, we can already tell this is going to be a holiday spending season. That's a little bit different in terms of when and how and where consumers spend. In fact, it is our view that it has actually started. So, it started earlier than what we've seen in previous years, really with that particular e-com merchant promotion. So, as we look ahead, our SpendingPulse is actually forecasting, if you take out automotive and gas, a growth in U.S. retail sales of 2.4% throughout this holiday spending season. And the categories, we talked about them earlier, where we see some that spend will go predominantly, continued trend of home furnishing, anything that happens around the kind of diameter of your home. Athleisure, clothing and electronics, that's what we expect to outperform. What will help all this is some of the shift to omnichannel on the merchant side, so we'll see the continued rise of digital. But, at the same time, wherever possible, in light of social distancing measures, we also look out for shopping local trends in your community, in your city. So, both of that will play out. But, that's our view on next months to come.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Michael, I know you mentioned the results of surveys you conducted on the usage of electronic payments. But, I'm curious if you have a view as to whether or not consumers are likely to travel more in 2021 versus 2020, all else equal. I know, there's a lapping effect. But, do you think that you could see a better magnitude of improvement in cross-border, all else equal, as people are getting vaccinated? And then, second question is just on the non-travel cross-border spending volume growth. Do you think you could still grow 20-plus-percent in 2021 and beyond? Thanks.
Michael Miebach: Hey Sanjay. So, first -- I wish I had a crystal ball on what's going to happen. But, it is currently our view that the personal travel -- first of all, domestic, but generally, personal travel is coming back first. They want to see their families. There's like pent-up demand. You've been locked up for months. So, we do look for that, has to come back faster. And I just booked a holiday, interestingly enough, so -- and other people do the same. So that is -- it's a somewhat uninformed view. But, when you look at our mix, as Sachin earlier said, predominantly, our exposure on the travel side is towards domestic to start with and then business travel. So, we see that increasing. And it's not going to be kind of a light switch moment sometime next year. It's going to start to build out as coordination on travel corridors gets better, as testing protocols of airlines and then airports gets better. There will be these various steps that get us back to travel or return of travel with personal travel to start with. On the second part of your question, I'll hand it over to Sachin.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. So, I'll just -- one comment, Sanjay, on what Michael just said as well. As it relates to personal travel, I think it's instructive to also see what's going on in domestic travel right now. So, you are starting to see domestic travel start to return. And if you see the mix of how domestic travel returning, you're seeing personal travel come around quicker. Not to say that business travel is not coming around. We're starting to see a little bit of business travel coming on the domestic side. So, if I would extend that over to start to think about what the patterns look like on cross-border and particularly the long-haul cross-border, we expect that the pent-up demand that Michael talked about, that personal travel will come back sooner than business, but business will come back as well in cross-border. It will tie closely to the vaccines and the therapeutics. Very important for us to kind of keep line of sight on that, because at the end of the day, consumer confidence is going to be a very key determinant of how people feel about getting on planes for 12, 13, 14 hours. So, I think that's important as to how we think about this from a framework standpoint. On the second part of your question, on non-travel cross-border. Look, I mean, the secular trends are underway. You're seeing them. You’re seeing the amount of digitization, which is taking place of payment flows. You're seeing the capabilities that we are building in that space to enable that secular trend and the acceleration of that secular trend. And we don't see the cross-border space as being too different in terms of how we see the e-commerce and cross-border playing out over the longer term. More and more merchants are going omnichannel, and that's really important. In the past, there were smaller merchants who felt like it was okay just to be having acceptance at the physical point of sale. They are moving more to an omnichannel environment. We're doing a bunch to enable that. We're doing a bunch on doing things from a card-on-file standpoint, tokenization, as Ajay mentioned. So, I think, those are all the things which we've got to kind of keep pushing on to capitalize on these trends from a secular standpoint. And we expect that the non-travel card-not-present component will continue to grow nicely going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Ramsey El-Assal: I wanted to ask you about Central Bank backed digital currencies. And it seems like that's becoming a much more a real option that's being explored by central banks. Can you give us your thoughts about the sort of the opportunities or challenges for Mastercard when it comes to central banks kind of getting directly involved in addition on digital coins? And then, just a quick bolt-on there. Any update on Click to Pay? And apologies if you already addressed it, but just any update there in terms of how it's progressing in the context of the environment we’re trying to close in? Thanks.
Michael Miebach: All right, Ramsey, Michael here. Let me take the second part of your question. First, get that out of the way. So, Click to Pay and making good progress in consumer rollout as well as in adding merchants. We're looking at 10,000 merchants here in the U.S. As far as consumer rollout goes, we talked to you in previous quarters about push provisioning through some large banks, particularly Citi here. So, this is growing at double-digit rates in terms of adding consumers. That's very, very encouraging. And what I thought is a very interesting data point. If you start to look at consumers that have used the Click to Pay experience, this is a very slick experience. We started to see that about a third of transactions is happening from returning users. So, you start to see habit building here, which is really quite encouraging. We're planning right now with some of the other EMVCo partners to look at international expansion. The plans are getting ready. Just to mention three countries that are slated for next year, ABC, Australia; you see Canada; here you see Brazil. So, some massive countries on the docket for next year. So, that's moving ahead. Central Bank Digital Currencies, big topic. Particularly in the light of COVID, you see a lot of governments that have even increased interest in modernizing their payment stack. They're looking at various tools of how to do that. Before the crisis, there was a whole range of governments looking at Central Bank Digital Currencies. And I think, with the crisis, more are even considering that as a tool. We're engaged with a very significant number of governments around the world, all regions, major regions around the world in terms of a dialogue on what is the best answer to what a government is trying to do. If you look at some of the more prominent examples that are out there, if you look at Sweden, the Riksbank, there is a thought behind the Central Bank Digital Currencies approach to deal with a world where there is no cash left. In the Bahamas, they're looking at the cost of cash. In South Africa, they're looking at financial inclusion. So, there's a whole range of different motivations. And we're trying to work with those governments to understand what those motivations might be. And Central Bank Digital Currencies is the best answer possibly. In some other instances, it might be real-time payments or it might be something else that we haven't even thought about. So, that's the first part of the dialogue. We have come to the conclusion that the construct of a central bank digital currency is an important aspect. This is in currency. [Ph] So, the Central Bank as in mining the currency is ensuring the resilience of the infrastructure. It's critical, while the private sector has a really important role to play in terms of -- has a really important role to play in terms of innovation on top of that infrastructure. You think smart contracts, you think all sorts of solutions that make the life of consumers and businesses easier. Now, why are we a relevant partner in all of this? How does this affect all of us? First of all, we have invested for years in cryptocurrency assets. We are the leading payment player when it comes to patents around crypto. So, that is -- that puts us in a good position. We have a long track record in consulting with governments. If you look at some of the more prominent examples, we are having a seat at the table to see where this goes. I'll give you one particularly important aspect of intellectual property that matters here. Once you have a Central Bank Digital Currency, it's going to make a difference to the consumer as to how you actually spend it? So, the link into an acceptance network is critical. So, we hold some patents in that space that link these transactions right back into our network where it can be used. And this is how we can bring value and it brings valueto us. So, Ramsey, a big topic. We're supportive whatever it makes sense and we're engaging governments around the world.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thanks, Michael. I see we're getting close to the top of the hour. Just to wrap up, if you have any comments?
Michael Miebach: Well, I do have comments because it's not one call, that is a very special call here. And I'll tell you why. First of all, thanks for your questions. And before I hand it back to Ajay, I do want to acknowledge that Ajay will be taking on his new role as the Executive Chairman at the start of the next year. So, it will actually be his last earnings call as CEO. So, I want to thank Ajay for his tremendous leadership all throughout. He's making gestures right now. You should see him. I know he has built close relationships with many of you, and I look forward to doing exact and continue to provide you straightforward information about Mastercard, about our business and what we do. On a personal note to you, Ajay, I'd like to thank you for all your help during the transition period, and I look forward to continuing to work with you in our new roles. Ajay, over to you.
Ajay Banga: Thank you, Michael. And I actually was counting back during this call. And this is my 44th earnings call. And I hope you, Michael, have a similar run. I do want to thank all of you who’ve been so supportive of our Company during my time over the last decade and for taking the long-term view and for trusting us to make the right investment choices to drive growth for this Company over that long term. You've seen the results. We've grown our suite of core products. We've developed world-class digital capabilities that have resulted in significant share growth over time with banks, with fintechs, with merchants. We've developed a risk set of services that both support those core payment products, they also help to diversify our revenues. And we are a true multi-rail payments provider. We have positioned ourselves for growth in new payment flows like B2B as well as in areas beyond payments such as open banking and digital identity. From '09 to 2019, revenues have grown over 3 times from $5.1 billion to $16.9 billion. Adjusted net income has grown almost 5 times from $1.5 billion to $7.9 billion. And the share price has reflected this performance, this morning's performance, notwithstanding. Michael has an awesome company with a wide area of assets and capabilities in an industry with secular tailwinds. Yes, we have to continue to execute while investing for the next decade. And I have no doubt, challenges will lie ahead, like the pandemic that is still with us, economic and societal challenges, as well as nationalistic tendencies. But, I also have no doubt whatsoever, in Michael's skills as a leader and in the quality of the wonderful people in this Company, as we look ahead. Thank you. Have a great day.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Mastercard’s Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Warren Kneeshaw, Executive Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, Casey, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for second quarter 2020 earnings call. We hope you are all safe and sound. With me today are Ajay Banga, our Chief Executive Officer; Michael Miebach, our President; and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay, Michael and Sachin, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted but the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I’d like to remind everyone that today’s call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard’s future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to Chief Executive Officer, Ajay Banga.
Ajay Banga: Thank you, Warren, and good morning, everybody. So over the past several months, the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted every aspect of our society, and we remain focused on supporting our employees, our issuers, merchants, small businesses and government partners to help them navigate through what I think are completely unprecedented times. You may recall that we introduced a four-phase framework for monitoring spending levels and how we would run our company on our last earnings call: Containment, stabilization, normalization and growth. Now in the second quarter, we saw a progressive improvement in volume trends over the course for quarter, driven by the opening up of domestic economies. And today, we believe that most markets are in the normalization phase domestically, where truly occurs and social distancing and mobility limitations are relaxed and spending begins to gradually recover with some sectors recovering faster than others. We expect that progressing through the normalization phase and ultimately moving to the growth phase, essentially, bringing us back to pre-COVID days is very much dependent upon turning the tide on infection, which you’ve seen in Europe, in Asia and the United States Northeast, but also is ultimately tied to the broad availability of a vaccine and proven therapeutics. We expect that the progress through the phases will be non-linear. We have seen that in places like Japan and potentially in the Southern United States, where we are monitoring for the effects of the reintroduction of social distancing restrictions. Meanwhile, the world is becoming more digital. Our services are in strong demand, and we expect that travel will begin to come back as borders reopen, the first signs of which we are beginning to see in Europe. The COVID crisis has driven an acceleration in the use of electronic forms of payment with much greater adoption of digital and contactless solutions. Now we believe those would sustain beyond the pandemic, and we believe we are very well-positioned to capitalize on those. The pandemic has also highlighted the resiliency of our differentiated business model, which is reflected in our financial performance. Our services growth remains strong. It’s outpacing the goal and it drives meaningful differentiation and diversification. Our digital and multi-rail solutions are enabling us to address key opportunities by providing customer choice and the capabilities required to capture a wide range of payment flows. And we continue to win deals across all our core products. So we are focused on what we can control. We are focused on executing against our strategy. We are focused on managing the business for the long-term and we are focused on investing in key strategic priorities, in areas like open banking, real-time payments, Cyber and Intelligence Solutions and B2B themes. Now you’re going to hear lots of that from Michael. And before I hand it over to him, I’d like to share a few comments on diversity and inclusion. Through the events we have watched unfold in the United States and elsewhere over the last several weeks, our society is facing the difficult truth that there is a long way to go to ensure that the fundamental human rights of all people are equally respected. There is no place for racism or discrimination in our communities, in our company, in our hearts. For years, we here in Mastercard have championed inclusion. We have focused on issues that matter to the black community as well as to others, including delivering on our commitment to bring 500 million individuals into the financial system. We’ve extended that pledge, as you know, to 1 billion people by 2025, including 50 million micro and small businesses and 25 million women entrepreneurs. We are long-standing partners of several, several rights organizations and we have closed the racial pay gap over the years. In 2019, Mastercard employees in the United States, who are people of color, have paid the same as Caucasian employees. So we are proud of where we are, but we recognize how much more there is still to do. And to that end, we have launched a companywide, long-term initiative to drive change for our people, for the market we work in and for society at large, including bolstering black recruitment and training, driving financial inclusion and addressing the wealth and opportunity gap faced by black communities. We must and we will capitalize on this opportunity to effect change. So now over to Michael.
Michael Miebach: Thanks, Ajay. As Ajay mentioned, the COVID-19 pandemic has triggered a series of significant behavioral changes across consumers, merchants and businesses to having a profound impact on payment preferences, many of which are likely to persist beyond COVID. Key trends include a preference for contactless, the rapid adoption of e-commerce and increased aversion to cash, a merchant requirement to omni-channel acceptance and a need to automate B2B payments. Each of these provide an opportunity for our business to accelerate the secular shift to digital forms of payment. Let me give you some examples. So let’s start with the consumer. According to our latest COVID-19 consumer impact study, over 70% of consumers plan to continue or increase their online purchasing and approximately 60% believe they will use less cash even after the pandemic subsides. And we are providing digital-first solutions that leverage our tokenization and other digital technologies to meet these changing needs. In addition to the success we’ve had in the digital space with companies like Apple, we recently announced an expanded partnership with Samsung, which includes the digital-first Samsung Money by SoFi product here in the U.S. and the Samsung Pay card with Curve in the UK Southeast Asian super app Grab has launched a digital-first Mastercard prepaid card in the Philippines and the partnering with emerging fintechs like C24 in Germany, for the Mastercard debit solution and tied in the UK to provide a new commercial prepaid product. In addition, click to pay, the streamline industry-wide guest checkout capability continues to gain momentum as consumers shift to digital experiences. More than 10,000 merchants have been enabled in the U.S. and preparations for global expansion are underway. We are differentiating our click to pay offering through an additional layer of security enabled by new data, AI and machine learning technology and through push provisioning of consumer enrollment through banks like Citi, which will help to speed up and ease consumer adoption. Another implication of the shift to e-commerce is the need to support merchants with digital-enablement solutions. Small and medium-sized enterprises, which represent about 90% of businesses worldwide, have an acute need in this area as they recover from the impact of pandemic. As part of our $250 million commitment to support small business globally, we have recently launched our Digital Doors initiative, which provides gateway, cybersecurity and other resources for merchants to quickly establish an online presence and start accepting electronic payments. We’re also providing a comprehensive suite of installment capabilities through API-based solutions, partnerships and acquisitions, all of which provide greater choice in lending solutions for merchants and consumers, both online and in-store, which is particularly important in a credit challenged post-COVID environment. Our Mastercard installment solution has been available market-wise for several years. Our acquisition of Vyze allowed us to advance our presence with marquee merchants in the U.S. And internationally, we forged partnerships with Pine Labs, Afterpay, [indiscernible] to provide tailored regional solutions. In addition, we recently announced a new partnership with Splitit to provide interest-free installments for e-commerce purchases. Now while the pandemic has accelerated consumer adoption of digital payment solutions, the crisis has also driven increased demand for our services offerings, including cybersecurity and data analytics capabilities. These services allowed to offer differentiated solutions that are valued by a wide variety of customer segments and provide us with a level of revenue diversification. This has become particularly evident in the COVID environment as our services lines grew much faster than the core in the second quarter. Digital commerce continuously requires more advanced cyber solutions. In anticipation of that, we have been scaling our capabilities both organically and inorganically. Our RiskRecon acquisition, for instance, helps ecosystem participants assess and approve cybersecurity, and it is being utilized by several governments, health care providers and leading tech firms. Our Ethoca solutions are scaling quickly. We continue to have strong partners like Bank of America, and our Ethoca digital receipts product has been enabled at more than 18 new merchants over the last few months. New Data, which provides behavioral biometrics capabilities has secured new partnerships with Jack Henry & Associates as well as others. In addition to cyber, our customers are leveraging our data and analytics capabilities to assess, plan and react to the pandemic. Our test and learn platform, powered by our acquisition of APT, is helping partners like Citi to supplement their planning processes. In addition, we have engaged with governments in over 100 data analytics, cybersecurity and disbursement programs in over 30 markets around the world since the crisis began. And finally, our services capabilities provided key elements of differentiation to help us win several deals this quarter. We renewed key consumer partnerships with [indiscernible] Bank in the U.S., Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank in UAE, Santander in Mexico and a credit renewal with the Bank of China. On the commercial side, we signed a deal with P&C in the U.S. and established a partnership with Virgin Money in the UK. In addition to our efforts in digital and services, I’d like to touch on a few of our initiatives to address a broader set of payment flows and opportunities. Let’s begin with open banking. As the shift to a digital economy accelerates, demand for open banking services will increase further. In Europe, our open banking connects protect and resolve solutions, which we launched last year continue to gain traction. We’ve added new fintech players like Modulr, DiPocket and Aion, in addition to the recently announced Tesco win. And we are excited about the planned acquisition of Finicity, which advances our open banking strategy here in North America and which we will leverage globally. This will enable a new round of innovation and inclusion in financial services and new products for consumers. Finicity brings best-in-class connectivity with thousands of U.S. banks, along with a robust set of applications, including credit decisioning and account owner verification capabilities, but we’re also attracted to Finicity’s approach to open banking, including their strong commitment to data privacy and transparency, their balanced ecosystem model and their focus on API-based connectivity, all of which are consistent with our principles in the open banking space. We expect the deal to close by the end of the year and believe that the combination of Finicity and our internally developed solutions will provide us with a differentiated set of capabilities. Shifting gears to B2B. Recent research conducted by Carney indicates that COVID has made the digitization of accounts payables and receivable processes a priority from many corporations. We have a commercially launched Mastercard track business payment service. The U.S. launch included 13 distribution partners across the B2B ecosystem, including Global Payments, AvidXchange, Boost Payment Solutions, Fiserv and others. Cross-border payments and international expansion of plan for 2021, talking about cross-border, earlier this week, we announced the partnership with the Bank of Shanghai to allow customers of Mastercard’s cross-border services, which is inclusive of our acquisition of Transat and Mastercard Send, to send international B2B payments into China with less friction and more certainty. This is the latest example of how our cross-border services are enabling financial institutions and partners to reach a variety of payment end points in more than 100 markets, whether over card or a counter – count infrastructure via a single connection. With that, let me now turn the call over to Sachin.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Michael. So turning to Page 3, which shows our financial performance for the quarter on a currency-neutral basis and excluding both special items and the impact of gains and losses on the company’s equity investments. Net revenue was down 17%, reflecting the impact of the pandemic and includes a 1 ppt benefit from acquisitions. Operating expenses were down 5% year-over-year or down 9% if you exclude the full PPT impact of acquisitions. Operating income was down 25% and net income was down 27%, both of which include a 1 ppt decrease from acquisitions. EPS was down 26% year-over-year to $1.36, which includes $0.03 of dilution related to our recent acquisitions offset by $0.03 contribution from share repurchases. Although, we did not complete any share repurchases in the second quarter, we have recently reinitiated our share repurchase program and quarter-to-date through July 27. We have repurchased approximately 3.3 million shares at a cost of $1 billion. So let’s turn to Page 4, where you can see the operational metrics for the second quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV, declined by 10% year-over-year on a local currency basis, reflecting the impact of the pandemic. U.S. GDV declined by 5%, with credit down 23%, partially offset by debit growth of 12%. Outside of the U.S., volume declined by 12%. Cross-border volume showed modest improvement progressively through the second quarter and was down 45% for the quarter, recovering of a low off town 55% in mid-April. The decline in cross-border was due to the impact of the pandemic, which has limited cross-border travel to a great extent. Turning to Page 5, switch transactions were also impacted by the pandemic. They stabilized around mid-April at down approximately 24% and improved progressively through the quarter, exiting the quarter close to flat versus year-ago, resulting in Switch transactions being down 10% for the quarter. In addition, card growth was 5%. Globally, there are 2.6 billion Mastercard and Maestro branded cards issued. Now let’s turn to Page 6 for highlights on a few of the revenue line items, again described on a currency neutral basis unless otherwise noted. The decrease in net revenue of 17% was primarily driven by a decline in transactions and volumes due to the effects of border restrictions and social distancing measures, partially offset by continued growth in our services offerings, which continue to help diversify our revenue base and differentiate our core, as Ajay mentioned. As previously mentioned, acquisitions contributed 1 ppt to growth. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items. Domestic assessments were down 8% due to the decline 10% in worldwide GDV. The 2 ppt difference is primarily driven by favorable mix. Cross-Border volume fees decreased 52%, while cross-border volumes decreased 45%. The 7 ppt difference is mainly driven by an increase in the proportionate share of intra-Europe cross-border, which is relatively low-yielding compared to other cross-border activity. Transaction processing fees were down 6%, while Switch transactions were down 10%. The 4 ppt difference is primarily driven by favorable mix. Other revenues were up 14%, including an 4 ppt contribution from acquisitions. The remaining growth was primarily driven by our cyber intelligence and data and services solutions, which continue to perform well. Finally, rebates and incentives were down 7%, reflecting a decrease in volumes, partially offset by recent deal activity and were slightly lower than expectations. Moving on to Page 7, you can see that on a currency neutral non-GAAP basis, total operating expenses decreased 5%. This includes 4 ppt increase related to acquisitions. The remaining decrease in operating expenses of 9 ppt, primarily reflects lower advertising and marketing, travel and professional fee related expenses. This is lower than expected, primarily due to the delay of certain sponsorship activity, which we now expect to occur in the third quarter of 2020. Turning to Page 8. Let’s discuss what we’ve seen through the first three weeks of July, where we continue to see improvement in spending levels relative to June and the second quarter. One point to note, while the week ending July 21 show slightly lower growth metrics relative to the prior week, I would not make too much of it since growth in that week is being impacted by the timing of significant e-com, merchant promotional activity from a year ago. In fact, when I look at the early numbers for the fourth week of July, we see a continuation of the growth we saw and the week ending July 14. Starting with Switch volumes, we continue to be in the normalization phase in most markets domestically. The U.S. continues to show positive year-over-year growth and Europe has improved with several markets, such as Italy, Russia and Poland showing positive year-over-year growth and others such as the UK, Germany and the Netherlands showing significant improvement. It appears Europe’s economy is recovering faster than others at this stage, which could bode well for us given our strong position in Europe. Each of the other regions have also shown improvement. When you look at how people are spending, we continue to see improvement in card-present transactions, as you would expect as markets open up. Notably, this includes further recovery in restaurant and hotel spend, as well as an increase in healthcare spending, while retail continues to hold up well. Card-not-present spend remains healthy. Trends in switch transactions are similar to what we are seeing in switch volumes, as they are impacted by the same factors for the most part. One point of note, in the second quarter, contactless penetration represented 37% of in-person purchase transactions up from 28% a year-ago. In terms of cross border, as expected, intra-Europe has shown the most improvement as border restrictions within Europe have been relaxed. As you can see, however, cross-border outside of Europe remains in the stabilization phase, with some recent signs of improvement in Asia Pacific and North America, which have been offset by declines in Latin America and Middle East and Africa. Turning now to Page 9 for some additional color on the cross-border volume trends. You can see that the trends we laid out through the quarter-over-quarter continued. In total, if you look at the gray line, total cross-border has improved modestly, mainly due to continued improvement in intra-Europe travel. If you look at the orange line, our present spend continues to improve. Since June 21, we have seen a 15 ppt improvement in card-present, travel and entertainment volumes in particular, primarily related to spend on lodging and restaurants. We have also seen increased card-present spend in other discretionary categories, such as clothing and home improvement. Card-not-present, which is the yellow line on the chart has been more resilient and as held up well. looking at the green line, if you exclude online travel card-not-present spend remains positive and reflect some shift to card-present spend as travel restrictions begin to relax and as I just mentioned, some difficult prior year accounts related to e-com, merchant promotional activity in the third week of July. We remain confident that cross-border volumes will continue to improve as travel restrictions are relaxed and believe a return to the growth phase is dependent on an improvement in consumer confidence that is in turn related to the availability of Electro-Therapeutics and ultimately vaccines. Turning now to Page 10 and our outlook going forward. As we established last quarter, given the ongoing uncertainty, we will not be providing a forward view for net revenues for either the third quarter or the year at this time. We do intend, however, to continue to provide periodic updates to our operating metrics, to help you understand the trends we are seeing. I would like to make a few additional comments to help you with your modeling. First, with respect to cross-border, in line with our previous outlook, we expect the recovery in intra-Europe travel will outpace the recovery in other cross-border travel. As a reminder, intra-Europe transactions are low yielding and other cross-border transactions. Secondly, we expect rebates and incentives as a percentage of gross revenues to increase sequentially reflecting increased deal activity in Q3. Turning to operating expenses. I want to reinforce that we are carefully managing through this period to preserve our ability to invest in strategically important initiatives that will deliver on our long-term growth opportunities, digital, cyber, data analytics, B2B and multi-rail solutions. In the meantime, we will save where as appropriate based on factors such as market readiness and customer demand, and we will continue to monitor the situation closely and adapt quickly as circumstances change. We expect operating expenses to be down low single digits in Q3 versus a year ago on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. This reflects sequentially higher A&M spend, primarily due to increased sponsorship activity and digital campaigns. Other items to keep in mind. Foreign exchange is expected to be about a 1 ppt headwind to net revenue for each of the third and fourth quarters and will have a minimal impact to operating expenses over the same time periods. Acquisitions will contribute about 1 ppt to revenue for both Q3 and the year and 6 to 7 ppt to operating expenses for both Q3 and the year, assuming the transaction with nets closes in Q3 and the Finicity transaction closes by the end of the year. On the other income and expenses line, we are at an expense run rate of approximately $100 million per quarter given the debt we have issued and prevailing interest rates. This excludes gains and losses on our equity investments, which are excluded from our non-GAAP metrics. With respect to the tax rate for the year, we now expect to be closer to the bottom end of the 17% to 18% range we last provided, assuming the geographic mix of the business does not change significantly. So to sum it up, we are seeing signs of normalization domestically in most markets. Our service lines continue to perform very well, and we are in a very strong position to take advantage of the accelerating digital shift and address the significant opportunities that lie ahead. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Warren to begin the Q&A session.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thanks, Sachin. Casey, we’re now ready for the Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question here comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bryan Keane: Hi, guys. Good morning. I wanted to ask about the margins, they were better than we expected. Just interested to know, was there – because expense growth had looked like it was controlled more than you guys anticipated. Were there some onetime events there that got pushed out? Or is that just better cost control that hopefully can continue? And then kind of part to that, I guess, secondly, why were incentives lower than expectations? I think that’s the comment you made, Sachin. Thanks.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. Good morning, Bryan. So on your question on margins, you’re right. Our expenses did come in lower than what our expectations were. And it was, like I said, it was driven primarily by just the timing of when our sponsorship activities and the associated expenses with that occurred. So we expected some of that to occur in the second quarter. As we can see, a lot of the events, which Mastercard sponsors, didn’t necessarily come to fruition because of the pandemic in the second quarter. We’re now expecting for that to happen in the third quarter. And so like I said, I kind of think about that more in terms of the shift in operating expenses between the second and the third quarter. On your question on rebates and incentives. It’s really a function of – we go into a quarter. We think about what our expectations on rebates and incentives based on what new and renewed deals we might be entering into. And really, I think the lower rebates and incentives relative to our expectations in the second quarter is a function of what actually ends up closing in a given quarter relative to what our expectations were. So like I said, we do expect that there will be an uptick in our rebates and incentives as a percentage of gross in the third quarter on account of new deals, which we expect to occur in the third quarter.
Ajay Banga: The only thing I’d add to that is, Bryan, this is Ajay, is that underlying what’s going on in the expense base of the company, is a lot of effort to ensure that we are more thoughtful about what we spend based on the readiness of our markets and our clients to accept the new things we are doing. So you do see an expense-based reduction in totality. But that’s – we are then using that ability to put it back into the investment areas that we want to and taking some of that to the bottom line. And I think that’s what’s going on inside our expenses. The A&M part is moving from a quarter to the other, but really what’s underlying our expenses, as Sachin spoke about in his prepared remarks, is that. And Michael and the team are doing a terrific job on that.
Bryan Keane: Got it. Thanks so much. Stay safe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Darrin Peller: Thanks, guys. If we think about the structural tailwinds you’re seeing that are more pronounced and maybe sustainable given the pandemic. You talked about contactless, obviously, digital being up. But you guys don’t mind, just honing in on the services pieces obviously, the other revenue is up. And there’s definitely services flowing into the other transaction lines as well, so card-not-present fraud. I guess, how big can this be? Do you think that’s sustainable even beyond the pandemic as well? And then can they offset potentially some of the cross-border headwinds we see? Thanks, guys.
Michael Miebach: Yes, Darrin, it’s Michael here. Let me take that. So as you rightly said, there is this accelerated shift to digital, yes, and we see that right now. What does all of that mean for the business overall? Well, first of all, that accelerates the secular shift to digital payments. So that’s all fantastic. But it has a downstream impact into our services, for sure. So more digital transactions versus more cash transactions is more data. More data means more desire and more need for data analytics capabilities, but also to protect that data. So our cyber solutions are going to benefit from that in the long run. We’ve clearly seen that. As long as the underlying trend to digital continues, which we believe it will, our services portfolio, which – it hits right on to these points should be benefiting. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question here comes from the line of Craig Maurer with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Craig Maurer: Hey, good morning. It’s Craig Maurer. So I wanted to ask a couple of questions. First, can you tell us the – how your value-add services revenue are distributed among your different lines of revenue? And what value-added services are enabling you to win deals versus competition? And secondly, with the class action lawsuit against Plaid pending in California, I was hoping that you could reiterate for us the differences between Finicity and Plaid that made you more comfortable with the Finicity business.
Sachin Mehra: Hey, Craig, it’s Sachin. So as relates to where our services revenue reside, they are – for the most part, reside between other revenues and our transaction processing fees. It depending on the nature of the service, a, either comes into other revenues. And there is some amount which comes in transaction processing fees to the extent they are related to the number of transactions which are switched. You kind of asked the question as to what services are helping us differentiate and win at the core, I would argue that it’s – if you start from what Michael said earlier, which is ability to gain access to data, utilizing data to analyze and provide advice to our clients as to how they can optimize their portfolios, how they can end up growing their top line while still managing their expense base is a key enabler on one side. And then separate from that, a pain point which exists, which is around fraud, is another area, which where our – and our cyber intelligence capabilities are a key differentiating factor.
Ajay Banga: And Craig, it’s Ajay. We throw one point in and then pass it over to Michael for the Finicity answer. Just think about – when you convert a portfolio during a flip. When you convert a portfolio doing a flip, there are dormant cards in that portfolio and the ability for the client to come out in a better place with less dormancy, more active, more engaged customers, that is determined a lot by our ability to use data analytics in a sensible way. That’s one example. Like that, there are many examples that enable us to put our best foot forward during such an opportunity. So Michael, Finicity.
Michael Miebach: Yes. I just have one point to add to that. As we turn out of the COVID pandemic, I was talking earlier about understanding the crisis reacting to it and planning for the future. Our test-and-learn stuff works almost like a hook. The crisis got us engaged on test and learn at a much greater scale than before, and that leads into conversations in more in the BAU realm of our business around payments with our customers. So we talked about planning processes on branch opening and what retailers are doing to stocking their shelves and so forth. But that leads into payment opportunities, which is, again, a way for us to differentiate and win in payments. Now on Finicity. So I have to say from the first interaction that we had with the Finicity team, with the leadership team, with Steve and Nick over there, the founders, we felt a very strong cultural affinity here. So here is a company that has been the leading voice and setting up the FDX, the financial data exchange approach. Transparent business model, a model that works for everybody in open banking, open and that is for fintechs, it’s for banks, it’s for consumers. They have been a voice in that for years. And that’s pretty much exactly where we are going. When you dig a little more into the detail, you see a company that has very strong relationships with U.S. banks. I talked about the connectivity earlier. But they have a series of agreements, data sharing agreements in place with several of the large U.S. banks, Chase, Wells and Capital One, for example. So there is a really good reaction that we got – once we announced the deal in terms of our banking partners is saying, this is a good partner for you. When it comes to data quality, one of the important things that matters for fintechs and banks alike as well as consumers, is that the data quality of what is being shared here is at the highest point. It is cleansed. It works at all times. And here, Finicity is clearly a leader. The applications that they bring, specifically around credit decisioning makes Finicity a leader. This is something that I believe is a very useful. Use case. It’s one that will be needed, certainly as we come out of the crisis. If you think about their boost product, here the company was thinking around financial inclusion for a while. As we have with the boost product, it basically helps people improve their credit score, so they can get access to credit. So all around, I see clear differentiation, of Finicity versus other players that make them, as far as I can see, our best possible partner.
Craig Maurer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Lisa Ellis: Hi, good morning. And thanks for taking my question. Question about fraud and e-com in midst of the pandemic, the higher – significantly higher rates of fraud and e-com has kind of become a lot more evident. Can you just speak maybe more holistically to Mastercard’s initiative to help the broader ecosystem address and rapidly reduced online? Specifically things like accelerating deployment of tokens. I mean, are there tools you can use, like creating different interchange categories or changing liability rules, et cetera, to kind of accelerate and help the whole ecosystem move in the direction of rapidly addressing the fraud issues. Thank you.
Michael Miebach: Hey, Lisa, it’s Michael here. So let me take this question. As you rightly said, we talked about it earlier. We see fraud rates increasing, more transaction happening digitally. So there’s no surprise there. Our broad strategy is along a number of pillars. We want to prevent fraud to start with. As and when transactions occur, we want to ensure that authentication as best as possible. We want to help our customers assess their cybersecurity status to start with. So those are the key dimensions of our strategy. But here you pointed to an important aspect here. The underlying components of the digital economy, like tokenization that we have invested so much effort in over the last couple of years, come to play here. And tokens can do many things. But for once they – what they do is, because it’s a onetime token, this, a compromise transaction cannot be used by anybody for anything else. So what it does is it makes it safer, but it also drives a great user experience because the approval rates are going to be higher. So that effort is paying off significantly. So we keep expanding our capabilities here with RiskRecon. I talked about cybersecurity readiness. That is – we can run fast enough right now. There’s – everybody’s seeking all those merchants that are coming online these days, trying to establish an online business. We see great demand for that. And then, of course, once transactions happen, and there might be faulty transactions of some sort, the whole charge back process comes into site and here as an ecosystem leader as a custodian of the payments ecosystem. We’re putting out our solutions to help making chargeback solutions. Go away even before, a chargeback is actually filed. That’s what Ethoca does for us. So around about, I think we’re quite well positioned here. But tokens, as you said, make a real big difference.
Sachin Mehra: And Lisa, you can see the effort of both organic and inorganic build that we’ve been trying to do in that space. The organic build was the tokens and the investment that went into developing the idea and building these capabilities. And the inorganic build includes Ethoca, RiskRecon and other such efforts. And then the organic expenses on those to help them expand their reach. So it’s kind of a combination of that, that come into our system. And that’s the discipline we follow on our acquisitions. And for a couple of years, we tell you that this is ex-acquisition. And then after that, it’s in our base because that is how it has to be.
Lisa Ellis: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Napoli with William Blair. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Bob Napoli: Thank you and good morning. The acquisition in open banking, that area, obviously, has been getting a lot of attention. I was wondering if you can give a little more color on what Mastercard strategy is in open banking and how you see that evolving? And then Michael, you’ll be taking over as CEO in the near future. I just wonder, any color on how you feel like you’ll stylistically be different than Ajay? Will you be as colorful as Ajay? And then what are you most excited about?
Ajay Banga: Well, you turn to grow from here, and get a turban, but that’s a whole different topic but great beyond the purview of this call. Michael, go ahead.
Michael Miebach: All right. Let’s go open banking first. Meanwhile, I can think about this question in the back of my mind. All right. Open banking. So open banking is in the end all about putting control into the hands of a consumer to use their data, in this case, the data in their bank accounts to get access to better financial services just generally benefit from the data. So that’s the whole principle. Our strategy is, when you look at this ecosystem that’s opening up here, is you got a lot of fintechs out there, third-party providers that are coming in and wanting to provide such financial services, and there’s a lot of banks that hold that data. So we believe there’s a role for us to be a trusted party in the middle between the fintechs and the banks and all that based on consumer content to provide seamless transactions and make sure that everybody is a good player and enables the consumer to benefit from their data. So that’s broadly the strategy. We have built those solutions in Europe. We brought them to market last year, Connect, Protect, Resolve. I talked about it earlier. Good progress there. 11 countries, 2,000 banks on that works really well in Europe. And then here in North America, there’s a market that grew up in a different way, not driven by regulatory pushes in Europe. But basically, incumbents are there that having slightly different models on providing such services to consumers. We looked at Finicity here, as I laid out earlier, a good fit for us. That will be our starting point in North America to assume that trusted raw between fintechs and banks. In the end, what I see is us participating in data transactions or in payment transactions, both will happen in the world of open banking. And as we participate in car transaction and build a portfolio of value-add services on top of that, it makes those transactions better and differentiated from Mastercard, as we seek to do the same in open banking. So in terms of open banking applications, I’ll give you an example out of our world of loyalty services, our pay with rewards API, that would be something that we seek to deploy to the fintechs that are participating in the open banking ecosystem. There might be a neo-bank that says, I want to have a pay with rewards capability and here’s a premium API from Mastercard. And of course, around all of this is everybody is trying to figure out their open banking strategy, it’s a great opportunity for our consulting business for advisers. So infrastructure, application services is the way that we think about a go-to-market. And I think with our organic stuff and Finicity, we have the tools that we need. Now that gave me just two minutes to think about the colorful question. So you know what? We have been since this whole pandemic started, basically locked up together for the last 4.5 months here in purchase. Extended family, I would say. And I first found out all the things I don’t want to be like. And there’s a few.
Ajay Banga: There’s a guy who’s working for 20 years, and now he made some. So don’t give him some remarks for his ability to be a bright spark.
Michael Miebach: No. But in all seriousness, when you look at our strategy, hope, we’re doing in terms of the accelerated drive to digital economy, we’ve got to just be on that and maximize that as much as we can. But at the same time, I just do want to make the point that we do see, even in these four months, consumer behavior is changing. Yes, people are using more digital services, but also when there is an opportunity to go back on the Street and buy at that local shopper around the corner, then they do that. So the good thing is we have a business that benefits from the trend from cash to contactless and cards, and we will continue to drive that as hard as a digital partner. And that gives us the two legs to stand on. And then there’s services. I think there’s a huge opportunity, Lisa’s question. We just talked about it in terms of what else we can do the longer-term trend linked to underlying digital data flowing through. And in places like open banking, we haven’t touched on it. New payment flows, B2B, real-time payments, all that. I don’t see a dramatic change to our strategy because even those are just early steps on where we are. The turban thing, that would basically mean I need to get up like an hour earlier to buying the whole thing. But I don’t want to.
Bob Napoli: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Tien-tsin Huang: Hey, sorry. Good morning. I wanted to ask – I asked vis-à-vis, so I’ll ask you guys as well. Just the spread between U.S. credit and debit growth, it looks like it was even wider for you than Visa. I’d love to hear your thoughts on why – how much of it is secular versus stimulus? And also any impact on yield with this credit and debit shift here? Thanks.
Sachin Mehra: Hey Tien-tsin, it’s Sachin. So yes, you’re seeing the spread take place in the second quarter between what you would expect in terms of a greater decline in credit and actually pretty good growth in debit. I would tell you that some of the second quarter numbers are impacted by the stimulus programs, right? So as more and more money gets deposited in people’s bank accounts, they’re utilizing the debit product to go and access that amount.
Ajay Banga: It’s not as stable. Savings and banks have gone up too.
Sachin Mehra: Correct. And so I do think you’re seeing a little bit of that impact come through. But by and large, if you just step back and you think about where we are from an economic standpoint, given the uncertainty in the economy, people tend to rely more on a debit product than they do on credit, right? And kind of – the reality is, we’re well-positioned to capitalize on both those trends, i.e., the fact that people are accessing their stimuli funds through debit products. But also the fact that our strength in debit, I mean we go on a global basis and you think about our presence in debit globally, we stand well-positioned to take advantage of that situation as people spend more on the debit product. So look, I can’t tell you where it’s going to go. What I can tell you is we’re seeing a little bit bump up in terms of our debit growth rates in the second quarter driven by the stimulus program.
Tien-tsin Huang: It’s enough. Thank you.
Sachin Mehra: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks. Good morning. I know Sachin, you said you wouldn’t worry too much about the slowdown in the last week, but I’m just curious if you guys are seeing a meaningful divergence in trends in states that are seeing a spike in the viruses versus not? And then just on cross border, should we just assume you can’t see material improvement unless there’s some kind of medicinal cure for the virus? Or how should we think about the progression of cross-border on a go-forward basis? Thank you.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. Hey Sanjay, so on the comment around the week of July 21, it’s just exactly like I said. Look, I mean, let’s not put too much until the week of July 21 because what I’m seeing in the early numbers for the week of July 28 is actually seeing back to the trends we were seeing on the week of July 14. In other words, the growth levels we were seeing back in the week of July 14. What you did have is the impact in the third week of July related to the tougher year-over-year comps on account of some promotional activities done by e-commerce merchants. But I wouldn’t put too much more into that. The trajectory is a good solid growth trajectory, which we’ve been seeing here. On your question about impact of the back and forth in terms of pauses and reopenings taking place in different parts of the world and different parts of the country, I would just say we continue to run the business based on the full framework, which we’ve got, the whole containment stabilization, normalization and growth. And the reality is it’s going to be non-linear. We are going to see puts and takes, which will take place. But when I look at it on a holistic basis, if I look at the most recent numbers for the fourth week of July, we’re seeing the growth trajectory is on the second week of July. Mike, do you want to take the cross border?
Michael Miebach: Yes. On the cross-border side, so interesting question, just picking up from what Sachin just said. So the full phase framework, what we put in there is, we believe we will see normalization on a path to growth, once social distancing measures and border restrictions are released. So the point about a vaccine will be a good thing to have and medicine will be a good thing to have. But it’s – I don’t think that we’ll see flat travel until that point. We’re already starting to see border restrictions being eased in some parts of the world. Europe, for example, there are some early green shoots there. People do get into their cars and drive across borders. We see domestic travel around the world happening. So once border restrictions are lifted, we will see some increase there. So that is the first step. Then you go into therapeutics and vaccines. So just to come back in a big way, I think you’re right. But it’s not going to be kind of like an L where it all happens at one point. It will be a gradual improvement.
Sachin Mehra: It’s Sanjay, I’ll just add to what Michael just said. I mean we should think about border restrictions even in the context of U.S. and Canada and U.S. with Mexico, right? I mean we typically think border restrictions that we are thinking for Europe. But to the extent border restrictions are lifted between the Canada and the U.S., the U.S. and Mexico, important corridors, by the way, from a cross-border travel standpoint, those are good things for us to have. Secondly, the travel bubbles, which are being created across various corridors, as you think about in Asia-Pacific, between Australia and New Zealand, between China and Singapore, as those start to come into effect, we’re going to see probably some of the impact of that come through. I don’t know when. But I think those are things to keep your eye on as well.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Andrew Jeffrey: Hi, good morning. Appreciate taking the question. Michael, I think you mentioned the services as being an important contributor to recent wins. I wonder if you and Ajay just generally can comment on sales cycles and in the current environment? And whether perhaps they’ve shifted, elongated, whether you think there’s pent-up demand and we could see perhaps more portfolio flips or more activity generally as the economy recovers? Just trying to get a sense of cadence for new wins.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. Let me start on that, and then Ajay can chime in. So on the services side, when you look at the different elements that we have in our portfolio – so here is starting off with cyber, there’s an immediate need. So from a customer demand perspective, there is a pull. So in terms of this help is needed right now, there isn’t any debate. And that makes it fairly easy from a cycle perspective. Most of our solutions other than what we call generally network delivered. So that is relatively straightforward for us to switch on such a capability and make a difference. At the other end of the spectrum would be strategy and consulting projects, which involve potentially some travel. And here, we’ve had some impact, those of sales cycles take longer. The demand is lesser because people are worrying more about it today versus the day after tomorrow. So that’s what I would say where we are on that. We see it, the scaling for the network delivered stuff is good. The people delivered stuff, we’ll continue to engage. And we do believe, as I said earlier before, being a partner, the best possible partner that we can be in the crisis, let’s say, with our data analytics, test-and-learn platform or our cyber platforms, make us a good partner for the longer-term things as we go out of this. Governments, for example, they’re looking at longer-term strategy products. Open banking is an opportunity like that. At any given point in time, there’s a whole set of services and engagements around real-time payments, and we expect those to really pick up over time.
Ajay Banga: And to your point about sales cycles on other things like core products. I think the only trade where I find a faster sales cycle is their merchants were cobrands and were impacted by severe need for liquidity or circumstances of navigating through this. They have reupped many deals because that’s kind of what you would do in their shoes. But I think I haven’t seen a big change in the selling cycle with issuers per se. And I don’t expect there to be some dramatic change there. I do see this thing with some of the merchants. But that’s a few of them were directly impacted. And that business is challenged right now, and you can understand their circumstances.
Andrew Jeffrey: Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
David Togut: Thank you. Good morning. Could you comment on the composition of the 5% card growth in the quarter? Was that mostly debit versus credit as people wanted to purchase online. And then my follow-up really relates to Europe, which historically has been debit-centric. And historically, Continental Europe has been a real strength of Mastercard. Could you comment more deeply on the trends you’re seeing in Europe by country? And to the extent we see debit lead us out of this, what are the longer-term implications for revenue yields?
Ajay Banga: Yes. So let me take the part about Europe for a second. Yes, we have had strength in debit in Europe, in Continental Europe, in particular. We were weaker on debit in the UK, that has begun to change over the course of the last couple of years with the wins we’ve been telling you about, but they have to all get into the market with those cards. Do I see that as good for us? Absolutely. Europe continues to be a very attractive growth market for our company. Over the years, our growth in Europe has been both due to our share growth and the flips and wins that we’ve been having and telling you about, but also due to the natural change, not just, by the way, from large global competitors. But even from domestic schemes by European country, where their ability to keep pace with innovation and the things that issuers wanted have hamstrung them. And therefore, we have begun to see more and more transactions across domestic European markets. And I continue to be very constructively optimistic about Europe over the next few years. So that’s kind of the first part about Europe.
Michael Miebach: Yes. Just a few things to add on that. When you look at Europe, maybe Western Europe comes to mind, but we see a huge opportunity for cash displacement in Eastern Europe. That’s been driving our growth there, so that will continue. And then there’s countries in the middle. Like Germany, which was cash heavy, and COVID has clearly accelerated the trend there.
Ajay Banga: So it will still contribute to that.
Michael Miebach: And definitely, at least with my cross-border e-commerce. No, but the point here is the contactless is rising. So here’s a market that is a significant opportunity that’s, again, rising the wave. To Ajay’s point, we are partnering with all the local schemes here, bringing our best practices to bear. So Europe, I continue to see non-cash displacement on differentiation services and opportunity across the board.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. And Dave, to your question around card growth, we’re seeing growth across both credit and debit. There’s a little bit stronger growth across debit, and you should expect that. And the reason you should expect that is just general propensity to spend on debit. But also all the work that we are doing as a company, on the migration from Maestro to Debit Mastercard. And that kind of quarter-over-quarter, you are going to see that come through in our schedules, where you see there’s a declining card park of Maestro cards relative to what’s there in the debit Mastercard side.
David Togut: Thank you. Stay safe and healthy.
Ajay Banga: You too.
Michael Miebach: You too.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Thank you. Hi, Ajay. Hi, Michael. Hi, Sachin. Good to hear your voices. I have a broad regulatory question. I just wanted to get your views on a range of things, Durbin, EPI. Any long-term thoughts in the wire card saga, what might emerge from that? Any company-specific update on net? We’ve seen some of the news flow recently, obviously, but how are you thinking on that?
Ajay Banga: Look, I’m going to take a start and then Tim is dying to answer your question, right? He’s actually looking at you beaming from ear to ear. And I suspect he might have asked you to ask. So payment schemes in general. I continue to believe that this industry of payments as it becomes more and more important and interesting to governments around the world as they all take on cash and they try and move their economies to digital. I think you should expect attention from governments, opinion leaders, regulators, legislators around the world to the industry. That’s not a bad thing. That is part of what’s driving the secular change in our favor. It raises the bar for our industry to do so in then that is seen as value-added to their local countries and their local businesses. And that’s kind of what we’ve been trying to do through our financial inclusion efforts, through our center for inclusive growth, through our partnership with governments. This is not a new thing we’ve been working on. This is a decade-old effort to take some leadership position in this space. That doesn’t make it less of something we should be careful about, just telling you how we’re conscious in dealing with it. So Tim?
Tim Murphy: Thanks, Ajay. Yes, fully agree. And let me just in light of that frame, let me just sort of hit the specific things you mentioned in order. So in terms of net, you mentioned that we continue to work through the regulatory approval process for that transaction. Feeling good about it. We’re making progress. I don’t have a lot more to say there, but that’s continues to be underway and we’re moving forward. In terms of staying in Europe, in terms of the EPI initiative, which for others is a potential effort in Europe to create an alternative sort of European payment architecture and ecosystem, we’ll see whether that gets traction or not. These have been – there have been multiple efforts over the years. It is actively being considered. And our view is we welcome it, and we look forward to the opportunity to participate in it. I think we’ve demonstrated both in our core card business and our ACH business, the opportunity or the possibility to really drive value for all parties and to earn some revenue for ourselves by participating in these sorts of local or regional initiatives. And so we don’t fear EPI. We embrace it. We will see whether it gets traction, but we intend to participate.
Ajay Banga: Particularly with our approach to multi-rail. Remember, we are not just card rail dependent. And so our attitude towards multi-rail is our strength.
Tim Murphy: Yes, indeed. And then just coming back to the U.S. on Durbin, so two things there. The – you will have seen in our disclosures that the FTC has now opened up a formal investigation into Durbin compliance. We feel very good about how we have managed this company and delivered – very fully compliant, Durbin compliant approaches we compete hard in debit. Debit is a very competitive space. Durbin contemplates that. It has rules around net compensation, which we are rigorous in adhering to. So I look forward to the chance to explain our approach to the FTC, and we will do that as we need to. There’s – that’s an early stage investigation, and we’re participating fully. And then we might end on Wirecard, and I’ll make a comment and then if Sachin has more to say. I think as you know, Wirecard in terms of its engagement with Mastercard, there’s principally two entities that engage in our network: one, a German-based bank; and then the Wirecard business in the UK. We’re working very closely through this process. They have a number of roles in the payment ecosystem, including processing, acquiring and so on. We’re very comfortable in our close connections, both with Wirecard and the regulators in Europe that consumer deposits have been appropriately ring-fenced. And so we’re staying very close to the situation and making sure that we’re working with them and with other parties to minimize any impacts on the wider ecosystem. Sachin, you want to add?
Sachin Mehra: The only other thing I’ll just add is, I think you’re all very well aware about the risk management practices, which are there at Mastercard. We have very robust risk management practices, and those have actually held us in pretty good stead in this instance as well. So we monitor, we’ve got real-time engagement taking place in terms of seeing what kind of traffic is going through our network, as well as put in the requisite collateral measures as and when necessary to ensure that we’re appropriately covered.
Warren Kneeshaw: Great. Thank you. Ajay, do you have any final comments?
Ajay Banga: Yes. So thank you for your question. I’m going to wrap up with a few closing thoughts. I’m going to begin where we start at the beginning. These are difficult times for all of us. Yet for our business, the pandemic is actually helping to accelerate the secular shift to electric – electronic forms of payment. The foundational work we have been doing in areas like tokenization, contactless, digital acceptance, cybersecurity, B2B, these position us very well to capitalize on this accelerating trend. And our services capabilities allow us to offer differentiated solutions to a very wide range of customers, and very importantly, to help us diversify our revenue base and build multiple legs to our revenue stool. We continue to drive our core business forward. I think our multi-rail, open banking and cross-border solutions are enabling us to address a broader set of payment flows, and you should expect to see us continue to be very focused on these opportunities. Thank you for your support for the company. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-29 14:15:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Mastercard's Q1 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your presenter today, Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Warren Kneeshaw. Please go ahead, sir.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, James. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2020 earnings call. We hope you and your families and coworkers are all safe. With me today are Ajay Banga, our Chief Executive Officer; Michael Miebach, our President; and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay, Michael and Sachin, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open for questions. Due to the length of our prepared comments today, we plan to allow for an additional 15 minutes for questions, if necessary. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I'd like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I will now turn the call over to our Chief Executive Officer, Ajay Banga.
Ajay Banga: Thank you, Warren, and good morning, everybody. Our first quarter started off strong and kind of continuing to build off the solid trends and performance that we had in 2019. But as you all know, as the pandemic developed and spread, it impacted our first quarter performance, but the strength in our services-related revenues shows that the strategy we have perused over the last decade to diversify our revenue streams is paying off. Now, this virus has created a truly extraordinary challenge that we need to address together. And like everyone else, we're trying to do our part. Post the execution of our grow, diversify and build strategy, we've built on the solid foundation of our technology, data, brand and our wonderful people. That's put us in the fortunate position of being able to support our clients and partners throughout this difficult period. And you will hear me and Michael and Sachin talk more about this later. At it's core, this is a health crisis and therefore the public health response is the most important policy response in the near-term. It is the critical first step to getting the world's economies back on track. And as we've all been reading, coordinated efforts, such as the sustained implementation of social distancing and the scaling of our healthcare capacity to address increasing needs are having a positive effect. The company over the middle and longer terms will be dependent on the implementation of successful testing processes and the development of effective prophylactics, therapeutics and vaccines. Now, we are contributing through our investment in the Therapeutics Accelerator together with The Gates Foundation and Wellcome Trust. In the mean time, fiscal stimulus packages are being introduced across many markets and this will be a critical effort to provide relief during the downturn for individuals, to small businesses and for others who are particularly hard hit. We're also seeing very strong efforts of monetary policy across a number of countries, which would be particularly supportive as the recovery takes hold. Ultimately, the shape and speed of the recovery will be determined by the effectiveness of these policy initiatives. But again in the mean time, we are helping out. We've joined forces with Onward U.S., a coalition of tech partners and foundations that are addressing displaced workers across the United States. Definitely, we are providing necessary resources to support the unique needs of small businesses with a commitment of $250 million in technology, product and insight assets, as well as philanthropic support. Now, let me shift gears for a moment to tell you how we are looking at this on the ground. We have spent some time together as a team on developing a framework that really helps the entire company. Think about the progression through four distinct phases, containment, stabilization, normalization and growth. Containment of the mitigation initiatives like travel restrictions and social distancing and work from home orders are implemented by public authority in an effort to bend the curve and contain the growth in new COVID cases. From our perspective, from a payment volume perspective, this phase is characterized by rapid contraction in spending levels. Portfolios of stabilization where these mitigation initiatives are by and large complete and spending stabilizes around a new lower level due to mobility limitations with a focus on buying necessities and, of course, aided by e-commerce. We believe we are currently in the stabilization phase in most markets. The next phase is normalization, where governments gradually relax mitigation practices and the environment becomes safer for the citizenry, enabled by the broader availability of testing and tracing and improved therapeutics even before the rollout of an effective vaccine. This phase we think will be characterized by a gradual path to recovery in spending to pre-COVID levels. We anticipate spending will begin to rebound during this phase, but not necessarily evenly. We would expect some sectors, particularly where there is pent-up demand, like home improvement, or clothing, or healthcare, or domestic and intra-regional travel to normalize earlier. Other areas like mass entertainment and long-haul travel will probably take longer to recover. It's possible that we will see early signs of normalization in some sectors and geographies throughout the rest of this year. And the final phase is growth, where spending levels gradually trend higher than pre-COVID levels. We believe a widely available vaccine and proven therapeutics will help to bring this change to fruition. So containment, stabilization, normalization and growth is the framework we are using. It's not necessarily linear, as we've seen in Japan and Singapore recently and frankly it's impossible to say how long this fans will last. We think this framework makes sense. We are running this business with this common lexicon across the company. You will hear us talk about progress in these terms as we move forward. Now, bringing all this back to our business. It is clear that our metrics are being impacted, you've seen those, but our business drivers are rooted in more than just PCE trends. The secular shift from cash and check to electronic forms of payment is important and we expected to accelerate coming out of this crisis. We have worked hard to grow a balanced portfolio across credit, debit, prepaid and commercial payments with a focus on strengthening share in debit and prepaid, which tend to be more resilient in times like this. We've also diversified our business in terms of our customer base and geographies as demonstrated with our presence around the globe. Now, our services lines, a significant portion of which are not linked to transaction levels, they help us to further diversify our revenue stream and they are very much in demand. All this on a foundation of a strong balance sheet and liquidity, which allows us to execute on our strategy to capture new payment flows and build new capabilities for the long-term, organically, of course, but also importantly inorganically. The near-term will no doubt look different than we expected it to be just three months ago, but we're very well positioned to make the most of these significant opportunities that we see coming our way. So, now, let me turn to what we are doing to address the situation today. Normally, and like every other time, we are focusing on the things that we can control both inside our company, but also externally with our customers, governments and society at large. Let me start with the most important issue, the health and well-being of our employees. Our offices remain open wherever they have been allowed to do so, but the vast majority of our employees are working from home. Many people are dealing with new circumstances and unexpected challenges. We are helping our employees in every which way that we can. We're providing them with additional health benefits, take time off for those in need to care for themselves or their loved ones. We have assured our employees that there will be no COVID-19-related layoffs this year. Our network and systems remain fully operational based on the resilient core infrastructure that we have built and have regularly tested. We are helping our customers mitigate risk as well, we are engaging with them in scenario planning. we're leveraging AI tools, financial institutions and others to help them fortify their business continuity plans as they navigate the downturn to ensure that they can come out strong on the other side. And we're also reaching out beyond our four walls to support governments, much of we’ve worked over them in the past with an increased focus on their specific needs in light of today's pandemic crisis. We are uniquely positioned to help them provide emergency payments to both people and businesses through our multirail solutions. We are facilitating specific COVID-related social disbursement programs around the world, reaching millions of some of the hardest hit people, including in the United States through the Direct Express prepaid program or account-to-account rails, which enable about 90% of payroll and support, almost all state benefit payments in the U.K. and now also being leveraged to support payments to displaced workers and financial assistance to businesses in that market. And we're involved in work like this in markets as diverse as Israel and Chile. So there's a lot going on, but we're always thinking about what more we can do. So before we move on, let me just say, we will get through this. I have tremendous confidence in the ability of mankind to find innovative solutions in the face of difficult circumstances. And then confidence returns and it will. We expect the fundamental growth trends that have driven the company will return in force. We have a resilient business model that benefit from diversification, that benefits from our ability to optimize existing products and solutions and benefits by the fact that we can introduce new value prop, all of which contribute to our ability to grow over the longer term. So with that, I'm going to turn this call over to Michael, who, as you know, has all the operating teams reporting to him. And I think I'm very fortunate to have him working side-by-side with me, as we've navigated through this unique time together. So, Michael?
Michael Miebach: Thank you, Ajay. Likewise. Yes, these are clearly difficult times, which is why we're leaning in, leaning in with our customer to be the best partner we can possibly be, especially now as we work through the containment and stabilization phases together and compare for normalization and ultimately growth. We're staying closely connected and anticipating the needs of banks, merchants, governments, fintechs as well as the end consumers, while executing on our strategic priorities, driving a secular shift to electronic payments, building new revenue streams and capturing new payment flows, diversifying our customer base and geographic reach. All these have been critical parts of our strategy and they will continue to be key enablers driving our success coming out of this crisis. All of this while remaining agile on how we manage expenses to ensure long-term growth. So let me take each of these three in turns to give you an idea on how we are doing this. First off, the secular shift. Now with trillions of dollars of payments still being made by cash and check despite our best efforts, there's clearly an opportunity to drive new transactions to our products, both online and in store. We've seen a dramatic increase in e-commerce in this time of low mobility and we expect some of these behaviors to persist going forward. When we look at our switched volumes in April, card not present accounts for over 50% of volume, which is up from 40% last year. So our drive to offer our customers expanded digital capabilities online and in app is increasingly important and we are doubling down on these efforts. For example, by leveraging our Payments Gateway services, merchants are able to accept digital payments securely and easily.  And our Simplify Commerce platform makes it easy for small and medium-sized businesses to set e-commerce options up within just a few days, which of course matters more now than ever. Underlying these digital transactions, our tokenization capabilities, which enable safe and secure purchases across every digital channel and bring benefits like improved approval rates, again, really matters us today. We have new commitments with FC in the U.S. and large e-commerce retailers such as JD.com from China to tokenize the cards on file. Now in store, contactless is the fastest, easiest and safest and as of late as announced by the WHO the healthiest way to pay and is a key driver in the conversion of cash to electronic payments, especially now with consumers looking for a quick way to get in and out of stores without exchanging cash, touching terminals or anything else. We have seen over 40% growth in contactless transactions worldwide in the first quarter. Our recent consumer insights indicate that habits are being created today. It will last beyond the current situation, more than half of new tappers are saying they will continue to use contactless once this pandemic is over. And we are helping to enable this by increasing contactless limits around the globe. And in our conversations with banks, we see a renewed commitment to accelerate the issuance of new contactless cards. Now, moving on to the growth pillar. We continue to win important credit, debit, prepaid and commercial deals around the globe. Let me give you just a few recent examples, including our expanded partnership with Sberbank in Russia, an expanded global commercial agreement with Brex including new products and services. We also extended our long-term relationship with Banco Inter in Brazil in the consumer and commercial credit space. And Afterpay has agreed to make Mastercard its preferred commercial prepaid and issuer processing partner. In the U.S., downloading will be moving its commercial card business over to us, including T&E and purchasing cards as well as the new virtual card program. And I'm really pleased to announce that we've won credit and debit programs with Live Oak Bank, a significant provider of small business loans in the U.S., again, very important in these times. I'd like to come back to the debit trend that Ajay mentioned. We've increased our consumer debit share globally over time and our lead - and are leaders in a number of markets such as Brazil, India and several markets in Continental Europe. We believe that this along with our global leadership in prepaid will serve us really well in the current environment and of course beyond. Further, we have products like digital debit, which enable issuers to offer their customers credentials that can be used online, even when their current cards don't have these capabilities. We have several examples this quarter. Most notably, the cooperatives banks in Germany are working exclusively with Mastercard to enable more than 20 million customers with access to digital card - debit cards. Let's shift the focus to our diversification strategy. Now, we continue to make good progress in expanding our customer base, particularly with fintechs, where we moved early and we've developed a leadership position. Some examples of recent wins include a new prepaid co-brand program with Credit Sesame in the U.S. and expanded relationship with N26, otherwise known as N sechsundzwanzig around 80 markets around the globe. Now, on to diversifying geographies. As you all know, we have been looking forward to switching domestic transactions in China. We're really pleased to have received the preliminary approval for our license application, which will allow us to set up our JV with our local partners in UCC. We expect this process will play out over the next year. Now, this takes us to the build pillar of our strategy. As you know, we've made a concerted effort to invest through a combination of organic and inorganic means to build new revenue streams. This has not only accelerated our growth, but also diversified our revenue, which is particularly valuable in these times and will continue to be important over the long run. First off, services. Our services lines are holding up well, despite the downturn as a significant portion are not linked to transaction levels. So let me bring this to life for you. For example, our customers are using our differentiated insights and analytics to help them assess, react and plan during the current crisis. Now, we have implemented our unique test and learn capabilities acquired through our APT acquisition a few years ago to address industry-specific needs. Here's an example this could be engagements like working with grocers on inventory levels and promotions in real-time and many more use cases. We're also working to address frauds, which is even more important as more transactions are moving online. The capabilities that we have acquired through companies like NuData, Brighterion, Ethoca and most recently RiskRecon help us bring significant value to the ecosystem and will continue to position us well as behaviors are likely to shift in the post-COVID-19 world. With RiskRecon, we are providing cyber vulnerability assessments for small businesses and healthcare organizations and Ethoca of issuers and merchants prevent fraud before it even occurs. And it helps to reduce costs and the operational burden of charge back resolution. This breadth of our cyber intelligence services allows us to assist even beyond payments, as we are doing by creating a digital identity framework. And finally, here are a couple of updates on our progress in new payment flows and real-time payments, in particular. Our real-time payments implementations are progressing as planned, including in the Philippines, Saudi Arabia and in the Nordics with P27. I do want to point out that our account-to-account rails are particularly resilient in times like these, given the breadth of use cases to address and the recurring nature of these payments. In the U.K. alone, we process more than 2 billion real-time transactions annually, which are growing at double-digits over our account-to-account rails. And as you know, we're involved in account-to-account rails in many more companies - countries around the world. Now, as you would expect, the social distancing measures are pushing more day-to-day activities like person-to-person payments and home delivery services to digital platforms, which in turn use Mastercard Send. We continue to see very strong volume growth here. Even with the slowdown in some aspects of the weak economy like ride-sharing, strong growth persists. We have also seen strong growth across our cross-border assets, including Transfast. There's momentum in both, in P2P flows and in B2C flows of disbursement use cases, including as of late with First Abu Dhabi Bank, which has gone live with cross-border account-to-account remittances. And over to the open banking front, we continue to rollout a set of comprehensive solutions and services that we believe work for all players in the ecosystem. Further to our efforts in Europe that we launched last year, I'm very excited that we will be expanding our longstanding relationship with Tesco to work with them on open banking, which is particularly notable, given the U.K. is a leading market in this space. We see the ability to facilitate the exchange of real-time information, while protecting data privacy as a significant opportunity for us and as the landscape evolves and open banking makes its way around the world. With all of this as a backdrop, we are actively managing our expenses. As the situation developed, we quickly advanced the framework for prioritizing our spending with a focus on how to best support our customers and drive the long-term interests of the company. We looked at each expense line and made adjustments based on factors, such as market readiness and customer demand. At the same time, we have preserved our ability to invest in strategically important areas, such as digital, services, geographic expansion and the enormous opportunities we see in real-time payments. And these are critical to our long-term growth. The flexibility in our model enables us to adapt quickly and adjust as circumstances warrant, we will continue to manage this closely. For more detail on expense management and our financials overall, let me now turn the call over to Sachin.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks Michael. As Ajay and Michael mentioned, this truly is an unprecedented time for us all. Before I get into the numbers, I would like to take a moment to acknowledge the resiliency of the team here at Mastercard. We have maintained their focus in supporting our business, our customers and partners and each other during this challenging period. In light of the current circumstances, I will focus most of my comments today on the trends that we have seen recently, but I will start by walking you through our Q1 results. So turning to page three, here are a few highlights on a currency-neutral basis and excluding both special items and the impact of gains and losses on the company's equity investments. Net revenue grew 5% with acquisitions contributing approximately 1 ppt to this growth. Total operating expenses increased 8%, which includes a 6 ppt increase related to acquisitions. Operating income grew by 2% and net income was up 3%, both of which include a 3 ppt reduction due to acquisitions. EPS grew 6% year-over-year to $1.83, which includes $0.05 of dilution related to our recent acquisitions, offset by a $0.04 contribution from share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased about $1.4 billion worth of stock. Let's turn to page four, where you can see the operational metrics for the first quarter, each of which was impacted by the pandemic starting in February and March. Worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV growth was 8% on a local currency basis and was favorably impacted by an additional processing day due to the leap year, has partially offset the declines due to the pandemic. U.S. GDV grew 6%, down approximately 3 ppt from last quarter with credit and debit growth of 7% and 5%, respectively. Outside of the U.S., volume growth was 9% down 5 ppt from last quarter. Cross-border volume growth was approximately 15% through January, driven by double-digit growth in most regions, but began to decline progressively through February and March as travel restrictions were put in place globally. This resulted in overall cross-border volume decreasing by 1% for the quarter on a local currency basis. I will get into more detail on the trends we are seeing in a moment. Turning to page five, switched transaction growth was approximately 20% through February, reflecting the strong recent trend supported in part by the ongoing adoption of contactless. We then saw declines in March, as stay at home practices were implemented, which resulted in growth of 13% globally for the quarter. In addition, card growth was 5%. Globally, there are 2.6 billion Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards issued. Now, let's turn to page six for highlights on a few of the revenue line items, again, described on a currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. The 5% net revenue increase was primarily driven by transaction and volume growth, as well as strong growth in our services offerings, partially offset by a decrease in cross-border volume and higher rebates and incentives. As previously mentioned, acquisitions contributed approximately 1 ppt to this growth. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items. Domestic assessments grew 8% in line with the 8% growth in worldwide GDV. Cross-border volume fees decreased 2%, while cross-border volume decreased 1%. The 1 ppt difference is mainly driven by mix. Transaction processing fees grew 16%, while switched transactions grew 13%, the 3 ppt difference is primarily driven by the strength in services, partially offset by mix. Other revenues were up 28%, including a 6 ppt contribution from acquisitions. The remaining growth was primarily driven by our Cyber & Intelligence and Data & Services solutions, which held up well this quarter. Finally, rebates and incentives increased 26%, reflecting recent deal activity, as anticipated. If you look at rebates and incentives as a percentage of gross revenues, you will see that they increased sequentially to 35% this quarter reflecting recent deal activity and the impact of the amortization of fixed incentives over a smaller gross revenue base. Moving on to page seven, you can see that on a currency-neutral non-GAAP basis, total operating expenses increased 8%. This includes a 6 ppt increase related to acquisitions, partially offset by a 3 ppt benefit related to the differential in hedging gains and losses versus the year ago period. The remaining 5 ppt of growth related to our continued investment in strategic initiatives, such as digital enablement, safety and security, geographic expansion and new payment flows. Now turning to page eight and given the circumstances, I thought it would be worthwhile to update you on where we stand from a capital allocation standpoint. As you may recall, our capital allocation priorities are to maintain a strong balance sheet, invest for the long-term growth of our business, return excess capital to our shareholders and migrate our capital structure towards a more normalized mix of debt and equity over time. And these priorities have not changed. Despite the impact of COVID-19 through the strength of our business model and prudent expense discipline, we have generated strong operating cash flows in Q1. This strong operating cash flow, the temporary suspension of our share repurchase program and the $4 billion of debt that we raised in the first quarter further strengthened our liquidity position. At the end of the first quarter, we had $10.7 billion in cash, cash equivalents and investments. We believe that maintaining a strong liquidity position is the prudent thing to do, given the current economic environment. It gives us tremendous flexibility to not only meet our obligations, but to also capitalize on new organic and inorganic opportunities that may present themselves in this environment. We have deals in the pipeline that we are examining actively, as you would expect at a time like this. Lastly, as it relates to the share buyback program, we will reevaluate this as macroeconomic visibility improves and will opportunistically execute on the program as we have historically done. Now, turning to page nine, let's discuss what we've seen through March and the first three weeks of April from an operating metrics standpoint. We are providing additional detail here to help you better understand the recent trends. Essentially, what you see is that through March, we were in the containment phase, with cross-border volumes and domestic spending declining as travel restrictions were implemented, followed by social distancing measures being put in place across various jurisdictions. The rates of decline have recently stabilized as these restrictions have taken hold indicating early signs of the stabilization phase. It is important to point out that social distancing measures have been implemented at different times and to different degrees around the globe and even within countries. So, not every location is in the same phase. Part of Asia moved first, followed by much of the developed world in March, and the balance in the last few weeks. So looking at this a little bit more closely, let's start with switched volumes, where you can see the impacts of the social distancing measures on overall spending, starting progressively in March. The impacts have varied by category with spending on essentials, such as groceries, pharmaceuticals and utilities holding up pretty well. Spending on items that are either discretionary or require mobility are down significantly. This includes categories, such as travel, restaurants, clothing, recreation and gas. We have also seen people deploy healthcare services other than those related to COVID-19. Not surprisingly the way in which people have been making purchases has shifted, specifically as Michael mentioned earlier, card not present spend now accounts for over 50% of switched volume in April, up from about 40% in 2019 as e-commerce spend excluding travel has actually grown. We have also seen merchants accelerate their omnichannel distribution efforts, most notably in restaurants and department stores to accommodate the shift. In total, switched volumes at levels are down approximately 25% versus year ago in recent weeks, indicating early signs of the stabilization phase that Ajay alluded to. The third week of April numbers have actually improved across all regions, perhaps in part due to the early impact of fiscal stimulus, but it's still early days. We are seeing the stabilization continue over the last several days as well. Looking forward, as social distancing measures are relaxed, we expect that some of the sectors that have been hardest hit will begin to show signs of normalization. Early signals will include spending on gas as people return to work and spending on deferred needs, such as health and personal care. We expect some sectors, particularly where there is pent-up demand, such as clothing, home improvement and domestic and intra-regional travel to normalize earlier. Other areas will take longer to respond. For instance, long-haul travel spending and mass entertainment. Trends in switched transactions are similar to what we are seeing in switched volumes, as they are impacted by the same factors for the most part. We are seeing an increase in the use of contactless and card present transactions, supported in part by the increased spending limits that we have facilitated around the world. We think this trend will continue. Turning now to page 10, I would like to provide a little bit - little more color on the cross-border trends we have seen recently. In total, if you look at the gray line, cross-border volume appears to be leveling off, down approximately 50% year-over-year, again, indicating the early signs of the stabilization phase. However, to get a better understanding of these numbers, the best way to think about cross-border is to split it between card present and card not present. Each accounted for about a half of our cross-border spend last year. Not surprisingly, if you look at the orange line, card present spend dropped significantly as the travel restrictions and social distancing measures were implemented and has since bottomed at a minimal level. So there is very little room left to see further deterioration. On the other hand, card not present, which is the yellow line of the chart has been more resilient, down approximately 25% in April. However, you should know that this includes significant declines in online travel related spend. So looking at the green line, if you exclude online travel, you can see card not present spend is actually up approximately 20% in April, demonstrating the resiliency of this aspect of cross-border. So in summary, the normalization of cross-border spend is dependent on the relaxation of travel restrictions and returning to the growth phase is dependent on an improvement in consumer confidence that is in turn related to the availability of effective therapeutics and ultimately vaccines. Turning now to page 11 and our outlook going forward. For net revenues, given current uncertainties, we will not be providing a forward view for either the second quarter or the year at this time. We do intend, however, to provide periodic updates to our operating metrics throughout the quarter to help you understand the trends we are seeing. Consistent with this approach, we are also withdrawing our 2019 to 2021 performance objectives at this time and we'll reconsider these as we have better visibility. I do, however, want to make a few additional comments to help you with your modeling. First, with respect to cross-border, inter-regional travel has been more significantly impacted than intra-regional travel in Europe. As a result, an increased percentage of cross-border volume is made up of intra-Europe transactions, which are lower yielding than inter-regional transactions. Second, while some portion of our services revenue are linked to transaction levels, a significant portion of the revenue we generate from services is not. This helps our service lines diversify our company's revenues, something we expect to continue to benefit from over the longer term. Overall, we have seen strong demand for our data analytics and cyber solutions. In the second quarter, we expect services growth will continue to outperform our core products. You should, however, expect the growth rates to come down sequentially in the second quarter, but remain positive overall. These declines are due to the dependence of some of our Cyber & Intelligence services on switched transactions, which we expect to be lower sequentially and the impact of social distancing measures on our ability to execute projects at customer sites, and will impact both the transaction processing and the other revenue lines. We would expect services-related revenues to accelerate, as switched transactions begin to normalize and mobility restrictions are relaxed. Separately, we expect rebates and incentives as a percentage of gross revenues to continue to increase sequentially, reflecting deal activity and amortization of fixed incentives over a smaller gross revenue base. Now, turning to operating expenses, as Michael mentioned, we are managing expenses carefully to ensure we can invest strategic - in strategically important initiatives. We have ramped up our efforts in this area and now expect operating expenses on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions, to decline at a low single-digit rate in Q2 versus a year ago.  Other items to keep in mind. Foreign exchange is expected to be a 1 ppt headwind to revenue for the quarter and the year. Foreign exchange will be a tailwind to operating expenses to a similar extent. Acquisitions will contribute about 1 ppt to revenue and 6 to 8 ppt to operating expenses for both the second quarter and the year, assuming the transaction with Nets closes in the third quarter. In the other income and expense line, we will now be at a quarterly expense run rate of approximately $100 million, given our recent debt issuance and prevailing interest rates. This excludes gains and losses on our equity investments, which are excluded from our non-GAAP metrics. With respect to tax, you should assume a tax rate of approximately 17% to 18% for the year, assuming the geographic mix of the business does not change significantly. Ultimately, as Ajay said, we will get through this. We are seeing early signs of stabilization and the impacts of fiscal stimulus. We are in a very strong position to navigate through this period of uncertainty and emerge well positioned to address the significant opportunities that lie ahead. And with that, I will turn the call back over to Warren.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thanks, Sachin. James, we're now ready for the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Craig Maurer with Autonomous. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Craig Maurer: Yes, thanks for taking the questions and especially for the additional detail, hope everyone is well. So wanted to focus on two things. One, if you could talk about the exit rate at April 21st? You know that saw a nice improvement. How much do you think is related to recent stimulus efforts and how sustainable do you think that is or dependent on continued stimulus efforts? And second, when we think about cross-border, I was hoping you could help us understand how much of that, the card not present, non-T&E cross-border spend is related to B2B versus consumer activity. Thanks.
Ajay Banga: Great, thanks. The first part, the part of our fiscal stimulus, while it's tough to exactly figure out what impact that's had, remember that only started to go relatively recently. And remember, that's a fair amount of money in the United States, but outside of the United States, which as you recall 65% of our revenue of 60%-plus comes from outside of the U.S. and the trends when Sachin was speaking were that this third week of April and the continuing trend for the first few days of the next week are global and they're across every region. So I don't know if I could give you a clear answer, but I don't think you can assume that only the fiscal stimulus that's pouring through the system.
Sachin Mehra: Yeah. And Craig, it's Sachin. I'll just quickly add to that back to what Ajay was just saying. Right? So even beyond the week ending April 21, we've seen the same trends continue for the next few days coming into this week. Actually if you look around the globe and you start to see in various countries, where there is a slight relaxation taking place in terms of social distancing measures which were put in place as well as cross-border restrictions which are put in place, we're starting to see a little bit of that stabilization impact come through, for example, in markets like Italy, Germany, Poland, Australia - Austria. We're seeing this come through. And so the point really being that as people start to get out and are getting back to, I wouldn't call it their normal ways, but getting back to being able to move around, we're starting to see that level of spend come through as well. On your second question around cross-border, here is what I'd tell you. That cross-border, card not present excluding travel, that lift you're seeing, which is taking place in the third week of April, there are a few factors which are contributing to this. And you should kind of - just kind of keep that in mind. One is timing of Easter globally is having an impact, but equally if not more important, what we're starting to see is the omnichannel prevalence coming through at various merchants across the globe. So with the crisis hitting, more and more merchants are coming to realize the importance of going into online channels. And as they're going into online channels, they've enabled themselves and they're starting to see the impact of that come through. Other categories where you're seeing some level of spend come through is in areas like clothing, in general retail, I would tell you, in subscription services, in the marketplace activity you're seeing. So you're seeing that come through in all of those metrics there. That's kind of the color I'd like to share with you as it relates to how we are seeing those cross-border trend - card not present trends kind of play out.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Bryan Keane: I guess, I'm a little bit surprised or is it more variability in the rebates and incentives line with the lower volumes, why isn't there - I know there is - the contracts are structured and there is a little bit of more of an impact on a reduction in the rebates and incentives as volumes decrease. And then secondly just on cross-border and about the higher yields there and how it impacts margins. Maybe you can just give us some thoughts on that as well. Thanks so much and stay safe.
Ajay Banga: Sure. So, Bryan on rebates and incentives, you're well aware about how rebates and incentives are constructed. Right? So there is a variable component and there is a fixed component. And the variable component, which is there moves back and forth based on levels of volumes which are going through the system. The fixed incentives are fixed, they remain fixed. And - so to the extent you're going to see variability is going to be on that variable component. The fixed piece is going to be there. The reality is in the first quarter, you can see from our volumes, we were still growing volumes in the first quarter and you're going to see the impact of that come through. The other aspect you've got to keep in mind is the impact of what I would call new and renewed deals. We had mentioned to you in our prior earnings call that - and you quote about the various deals, which we've kind of entered into, you're seeing the impact of that come through on the rebates and incentives line as well. So really that's what you should kind of keep in mind as to what we're seeing there. Obviously, the variable component will change depending on where volumes ultimately trend out for the rest of the year. The fixed will be what it is. The second question which you've got is around cross-border. I mean, we've tried to provide you as much transparency as we can as it relates to what we're seeing in terms of volume trends. I think the thing to keep in mind in cross-border is there are three different kinds of categories of cross-border. There is what you will think about in the nature of intra-Europe cross-border, where - which is generally lower yielding. Then there is the inter-regional cross-border. And I would break that up into two buckets. The two buckets are there is a long-haul inter-regional stuff and then there's the short-haul inter-regional stuff. And I'd bring that up only because even as you think about how we move from stabilization to normalization, you should think about the fact that you would expect intra-Europe and short-haul inter-regional to come back sooner than normal. And that's just kind of by definition. So for example, if you're in Europe and you can do ground transport between one country and the other country, that would happen more naturally as border restrictions are relaxed and you don’t have - to the various locations. So that's the way you should think about it. From a yield standpoint, intra-Europe low yielding, inter-regional high yielding. So as inter-regional starts to come back, you've got to factor that into the mix in terms of how you’re modeling.
Sachin Mehra: One little comment about margin. I know you asked about cross-border margin, but remember our company has various aspects to its margin mix and one of those which is in - was services, if you remember a few years ago when services were a smaller percentage of our revenue, their margin contribution was also lower and the average margin for our company. That is not the case today. Our services business, all the different lines in it together when you kind of dominate them and look at them, they're very profitable for us as they should be because scale allows us to leverage the fixed cost that we put into building those businesses over a larger volume. So I think as a company, we feel relatively good about where we are on margins. We feel good about some of the revenue diversification. Of course, cross-border is down today and it will be to some extent, as Sachin said, until long-haul intra and inter-regional kind of stuff fix up. That's obvious. And so, we're going to keep doing what we can to keep growing our business in the meanwhile.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Really thoughtful presentation. Just to follow-up to Bryan's question that we've incentive line - can we assume that deal activity, that side of it, could there be a pause there here as people saw through the pandemic or could actually accelerate as we see some of your clients embrace contactless and some of your other products? And then somewhat related on the M&A front, it sounds like your appetite is up. Have your priorities changed because of the pandemic or have valuations changed such that you might have more deals in the opportunity set that weren't there before? Thanks.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Tien-Tsin. So on rebates and incentives, the point really is we're running our business as we would run our business. You know one of our imperatives is to grow market share. We're constantly interacting with our customers. We're going to do deals. We're going to do renew deals. We're going to do new deals. That's just part of course. And so what you're going to see come through is that activity and to the best I've done and the nature of visibility and pipeline and things which are going on, which is a pretty active pipeline, to be completely honest with you, we factor all of that in terms of how we share with you our kind of thoughts around where rebates and incentives will play out.
Ajay Banga: On the M&A side, Tien-Tsin - and hi. It's - let me put it this way. There are a couple of things, which we were looking at even before the pandemic hit. Those conversations are continuing and developing, and that's a good thing. There are others that will come up, I'm sure as we go along. I don't know that you should view us as jumping in just because valuations may go down. I think what's more interesting here is that the willingness of the other parties to be able to feel that they may be in a better home with a company like ours that gives them access to distribution, capabilities, geography and capital and liquidity what creates for a better conversation. I view the valuation comment as interesting, but if all you do is jump and the valuations are down, is that really the kind of acquirer you want to be or do you want to be an acquirer of the right time for the right reason. And I think you will find us trying to find the right balance there and get the deals done for what value they bring to us. So we are keeping our powder dry to be thoughtful at a time like this.
Michael Miebach: And Tien-Tsin, Michael here. The areas of focus haven't really changed, so we're staying true to the strategy, data analytics, cyber, new payment flows, open banking, those are still top of mind for us as we engage in a manner that Ajay just described.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Lisa Ellis: Glad to hear all your voices, glad everyone is well. Can you, and maybe this is for Ajay or for Michael, talk a little bit about - this is related to cross-border and cross-border travel. As you are in dialogue with governments, your major issuing partners, your major co-brand partners, et cetera, what does the path to long-term recovery and cross-border travel look like like? So in your view, what conditions have to be in place under which you think you'll see both governments be willing to reopen borders and then also people be willing to get back on planes and start traveling? Thank you.
Sachin Mehra: Hi, Lisa. Nice to hear you guys' voice too. We kind of get a little lonely after this locked up thing here. So, here's the thing. What you're asking is the crux of - a crystal ball issue that's a little difficult to get into. But let me give you some thoughts that I’ve picked over time. The first one is, I actually believe that what you will see that seems is happening in China is you will begin with China I think is in more of a normalization phase than, say the United States and Europe that is more in a stabilization phase. Although, even there, if parts of the U.S. begin to open up as we're hearing some governors speak, you may see a change in that over the next two, three, four, five weeks. I just don't yet know how to predict that well. But let's stick to the idea of with China being in more in the normalization phase than the rest of us. There is a long journey for China through that phase. It's not done, they've just begun. But their local travel has begun. Trains have got bookings. Planes locally have got bookings. Restaurants and bars are open in Shanghai and Beijing and Guangdong and places. Wuhan is still challenged. So, that's - we are learning a little bit from China's experience here. And now you got Australia and New Zealand beginning to think of opening up, so I think we'll get some more data from countries that are a little ahead of the curve than the rest of us. Talking about cross-border travel, China is beginning to talk about corridors of cross-border being opened up, which is to your question about does the government feel comfortable about what kind of connections with certain countries they can reopen. So they're talking about reopening traffic obviously to Hong Kong and Taiwan and Singapore. We're also at a point of time they were thinking about Japan, which has since been a little more challenged, but Japan seems to be improving as well. So I think what you'll find is cross-border travel in corridors or within Europe, which will open first before you get situation of longer haul going. There is the issue of planes having been grounded for quite a while, of crews and planes having to be reactivated. That will also take its own time to come through. The airlines are obviously watching this very carefully and they are very keen to get back on stream, but they need to see some bookings. We know that’s in domestic in the United States, the TSA actually cleared more people through their security systems over the last day or two than they had for the previous couple of weeks. Now, that's at a very low level compared to the peak that we saw prior to the crisis, but that's all indicators of how this will get back into shape. I don't know. My general view in life is that we will probably end up with a reliable therapeutic somewhere over the summer, whether it's available in large enough quantities across the entire world literally for those who are disadvantaged, I don't yet know. So the work that we have seen with The Gates Foundation work and with a bunch of others seems to point in that direction. I suspect the availability of the therapeutic will be some kind of a inflection point in the curve. The fact is that without a real vaccine, can you actually get people confident about getting on to long-haul planes and can you get countries confident for letting people in from another country at that point of time without testing them and quarantining them in their entry point. I don't know, I don't think so. And so to me, that probably is still sometime next year, unless there's a miracle and we find a vaccine earlier, which I don't have good scientific reason to believe. So we're kind of running the company through this stabilization, normalization and growth phase, and we are preparing ourselves to have our expenses and our view of the medium and long-term very focused through these lenses. And I think that's what you'll see us doing. We're pretty confident on what we are trying to do here. We are confident about our deal flow, we're confident about our competitive advantages to keep growing share and working well in debit and working with fintechs and real-time payments and open banking and what we're doing with services and digital analytics and cyber security. So I have a lot of faith in what we're up to, but I don't know how to tell you when cross-border will come back.
Lisa Ellis: Okay. Yes. Fair enough. On a related point just for my follow up that the non-T&E cross-border e-commerce I think is a little bit of a black box at least to us. Can you just comment generally speaking what the composition of that is, like meaning, does it moves and grow in similar ways to domestic e-commerce like non-T&E e-commerce or are there aspects of it that are similar or different like certain regions or certain - is it more media heavy than retail heavy, is there anything unique or comments that you can give about that? Thank you. Thanks a lot guys.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. Sure, Lisa. I'll take that question. Look, I mean, I think first you should recognize that's not an insignificant portion of what the cross-border component is. So it's actually a pretty meaningful portion of the card not present component.
Ajay Banga: We're trying to stay away from giving you a percentage regarding good try. But that is very good try. Very good.
Lisa Ellis: Already doing all the math on the little lines, I am sure you can.
Ajay Banga: Let me give you a little bit of color what that comprises of. Right? I mean, there's a whole bunch of stuff, as you would imagine in that, which relates to everything from subscription services, to gaming, to purchases in clothing, appliances, there's all the stuff which kind of sits in that category. So to your point about whether it's more akin to what you would see in card not present in the domestic environment, it's actually some very similar categories would sit in there. The one point I want to make sure that I kind of bring out is we are starting to see a lot of the smaller merchants who were previously not present in the online environment activate themselves to get ready to participate and are actually participating in the online environment. We're starting to see that come through.
Ajay Banga: We do feed in daily life right now, right these are people who never provided food and grocery delivery online are all getting online in the last 3.5, five weeks in the United States alone. And that's a big change from the - that's true for cross-border as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: Glad everyone is doing okay. Look, it's I think more than second quarter, which - or even recent trends, which a lot of investors are looking through. It seems clear there has been - there is going to be impacts from this that have a more pronounced impact longer term structurally. And so, can you guys just talk through us, if we think of the benefit - the beneficial opportunities from coming out of this, which may include contactless being more accelerated or use of real-time payments versus the potential for things like cross-border to be maybe structurally changed, what are your thoughts of sort of netting it all out? If you just list up what you are seeing accelerated now and can structurally be something that could actually help the payments industry and you guys more pronounced near-term, is it enough to offset some of the potential challenges of folks that not travel as much?
Ajay Banga: As you can imagine, Michael is kind of devoting his attention to that, that's his future. So here he is. Michael, go ahead.
Michael Miebach: Thanks, Ajay. Hey, Darrin. So when we look at what is changing in terms of, let's say, consumer behaviors or business behaviors, it is little early. As you were saying, it's a little earlier to cast a vote on when and how travel is coming back, but we are engaging out there trying to understand commissioning research, all of that. But there is a few things that are pretty obvious, pretty clear and they're coming through in the numbers already, at least on a relative basis. And the first is this push to e-commerce and digital. So here, people are getting used to, let's say, virtual entertainment, e-sports, people are getting used to consuming via delivery service while they might have gone outside before, so there is some behavior patterns moving towards digital and we believe that will continue to persist. So anything that we do that's related to our digital capabilities, be it in the cyber space, be it in our underlying digital solutions, we should benefit from that. We look at that as a continuous tailwind. Even for the displacement of cash, it's not only displacing existing electronic payments, there's a net increase that we explained - that we expect versus cash. Now, talking about cash, one other thing that I expect coming out of this is that the attitude towards cash will be more negative than what it was before. But even in the most hold out countries, I gave you the example on the German cooperative banks earlier, you start to see a shift to online in e-commerce away from cash even where you could use cash. And that is, to your question Darrin, clearly contactless is going to be the way that will help benefit from that trend. The numbers are astounding, the last quarter 30% to 40% increase. That's really quite significant. The first rounds of consumer research tell us that people do want to spend less cash - are spending less cash actually right now. We've just done a study in the United States, where 60% of people said exactly that. So anti-cash, more contactless is going to be something we all will benefit from. Looking a little closer into our ecosystem. The directly our customers. So this - these underlying trends will also change some of the - we believe that our current exposure from our services portfolio into the world of data analytics, it's a more complex world, there is going to be more change. Everything I just talked about might evolve in 10 different ways going forward, understanding that and using our data points and data analytics will matter more, so we'll expect more demand there. And then Cyber & Intelligence, a world of more online, more of - world of more digital economy is only going to drive what we do in that space. The question in a world of more digital on who is actually transacting the question of digital ID is a significant opportunity. We had an early start of that and we perceive that to be something that is going to get a lot of our attention going forward. As you talked about the government role in getting through the crisis, stimuli packages and so forth. What we expect as a result of that is that the interest that we saw from governments over the last couple of years to look at payments as critical national infrastructure is going to only increase because if the economy is more digital, you will see more governments taking an active role, a multi-rail position will give us a seat at the stable and we already have that dialogue going and we'll see that coming strongly out of that. So those are the top lines that I think are obvious, more granular consumer behaviors, we're staying close, we're running a bunch of research right now to get the latest on that.
Ajay Banga: And the only thing I'd add there is that if you - in a time like this, and it's clear that those who are suffering much worse than others, everybody is suffering. Those who are suffering much worse are those who had less to start out. Getting the economy somehow working better for inclusion when we come out of this I think will become an even more important issue with governments and with thinkers around the world. It's not a coincidence that it's the midst of August. We've announced our commitment to go from $500 million to reached to a $1 billion over the next two years. 50 million small businesses in that and 25 million women entrepreneurs is what we're going to try and reach as a company to facilitate their ability to participate in a better way in the economy as it comes out of COVID. There's a reason why this is a really good time to double down on thinking of that time. We've shown we can do it because we've demonstrated the $500 million. We think we can do even more.
Sachin Mehra: Hey, Darrin, one last point. One last point that I feel particularly passionate about, and that's the B2B space. So we've been talking about B2B as a significant opportunity for a number of years now. So when you think about the impact on global supply chains and so forth, what we expect is that the drive towards digitization of supply chains and creating more flexibility is going to only increase. So we believe there's going to be some tailwind in accelerating the - our participation in B2B flows as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Jason Kupferberg: Good to hear from you. Just wanted to talk a little bit about interchange rates and network fees. I think you had already announced plans that some of the interchange rate updates in the U.S. were going to be delayed until July, if I'm not mistaken. Is that still the plan or should we assume the changes in either interchange or network fees for that matter are perhaps off the table this year just to help merchants from experiencing even more pressure amid the COVID environment?
Sachin Mehra: Just to be clear, interchange rates, the changes were not just about increasing interchange. We were talking about [indiscernible] merchants would have different changes to their interchange, just to be clear. So the reasons that those haven't gone through is because they were linked up with a whole bunch of technology releases and right now the real challenge for any merchant, any bank who is trying to navigate their way through this with most of their people working out of home or from home or with people struggling to meet the new business models as they don't need new technology changes in the midst of this. So what we decided to do was to postpone all that. I have no idea when we'll do it again, not fixed yet, depends a little bit on how the environment goes and that's how we'll manage through it.
Jason Kupferberg: And then Ajay just wanted to get your quick thoughts. What you've got in terms of the shape of the U.S. recovery?
Ajay Banga: But - U.S. recovery. Back to what I was telling Lisa a little bit, I think it all interconnects there. I actually believe that, and this is just a guess, but I believe that the next couple of quarters, you will begin to see the United States as states open up come a little bit out of this stabilization phase into the normalization phase. I do believe that the therapeutic will help enormously. I believe that Americans are actually quite resilient and their ability to sort of want to go back to being who they are, which is essentially social beings who like being with each other will lead to a certain kind of behavior pattern. We need to do it carefully because the probability post summer, if you believe, those who know the signs, probability post summer of this having some kind of a recurrence hopefully at a lower level, we'll be better prepared and we'll have the therapeutics and our hospitals will be in better shape and our reaction plans would be in better shape. I think that would probably be what happens, and so you'll see some such things come and go. And I think then by the time the year end comes around and people have been through that phase, we'll probably see more confidence. And if by then the news of the vaccine front is good, then you will see a better improvement in the early part of next year, going into the middle and latter part of next year. That's the way I think about it. I don't think we are in this in the short-term. I think this is a medium term thing to plan for. I believe that's how you should build your business and manage your liquidity and think about your employees and clients and shareholders at this point. And that's how we are running our company, in those four phases and we're all talking that language, so that our budgeting, our expense thinking, Michael's drive on prioritizing what we do and what we don't do is unbelievable. And I think that's part of what we're trying to focus on and stay focused with this four-phased thinking. It helps us all talk the same way. Otherwise when you're a global company and China is in a different state from the United States, you know what, it's very confusing to understand underlying trends. But now, we're not confused. We call them in one stage and alternative we'll see how we go.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal from Barclays. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Ramsey El-Assal: And thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask a question on China and your news that you're sort of - things are progressing there in terms of your ability to get into the domestic market. Putting aside COVID impact, looking to sort of a future state maybe where things are more normalized, are - how crystallized are the kind of partnerships and infrastructure that you need to generate revenue in that market? Have you kind of put pen closer to paper in terms of your - and can you comment on your kind of strategy and even tactics that you're going to need to kind of deploy to begin generating revenue in the market?
Ajay Banga: Well, first of all, we've already got a great business in China and that's generating revenue today even though the --
Ramsey El-Assal: I meant, domestic. I meant - absolutely, yeah. Yeah.
Ajay Banga: Domestic, yeah. Okay. So we - because otherwise in the current business, we're outperforming on new card growth, the new cards per share, we're doing programs with a bunch of people, we've even done something with the Shanghai Metro, which is a little more oriented there where the first transit deal actually in China is with the Metro. It's the world's third largest software system by the way, by passenger traffic volume and that's rebuilt up over the last few days. Now, we're going into third quarter this year, tens of millions of international travelers to Shanghai, which I hope there will be, will be able to pay at the fare gates with QR codes using their Mastercard in a Shanghai Metro app. That's the kind of work we're doing, not just bank issuance, but actually enabling a lot of the activity that enables us to be embedded in the payments ecosystem in China. The domestic one, we are deep in the process of this year post getting the license application in principal approval. Over the course of the year, we will go through all kinds of things including national security evaluation of the technology and the infrastructure of the ground, that work is progressing at pace. We have not hit that - we’re not cutting back on that. That's our medium and long-term future and we are keeping on running with that. There is nothing new, I can tell you on that because that’s like - it will take its time, it will take time to work its way through. It's still a year away and Michael probably add some more to that.
Michael Miebach: Yes and Ramsey the conversations with our existing partner on cross border obviously extending into domestic partnerships and most importantly, one thing that we’re using this time for why we do the technology development with our partners of NUCC is driving up the acceptance. Currently our team is out there in the market very actively ensuring that our acceptance footprint is as good as it can be once we get approval from the PBOC to go live. So that's really the focus.
Ramsey El-Assal: That's super helpful. I didn't know you could actually be in their selling acceptance side. So that's good to know. Thanks for taking the questions.
Ajay Banga: No, that's what’s been going on. That’s exactly what we're focused on because remember Mastercard acceptance in China used to be principally driven by the cross-border demand for it, which meant it was by the nature of the beast in certain markets, certain kinds of verticals or if you're doing getting it out there into where it should be, so that it can become a real payment system domestically as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Harshita Rawat with Bernstein. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Harshita Rawat: So can you please zoom in further on travel and provide some color on your area of exposure on tourism versus corporate travel and also just still a very curious based on all of the research, et cetera you’re doing, what your customers are saying, what are the different scenarios, we could be looking at here in terms of corporate travel being just very weak long-term with tourism recovering a little bit faster. Thank you.
Ajay Banga: Well, you get two kinds of points here. So here we will get one point of view that says corporate travel will take a long time to bounce back and actually people will begin to travel in a personal basis at least intra-region and in those corridors, I was referring to earlier. And the other point of view is that actually when business will start interacting again. How do you rebuild supply chains, how do you rebuild business connectivity, you will need to have a degree of corporate travel recommence. And prior analytics don't serve well right now because prior analytics never had a shutdown of so long. Even 9/11 was a few days of impact to travel of this type. And then it came back, even the financial recession. So we went through in 2008, 2009 didn't have this kind of a shut down, I mean oil demand in the world in the financial recession went down in the single digits is down 30% right. So we’re talking a very different scenarios. I’m lost to give you an sort of an analytic view from prior times, prior times frankly corporate travel came back very quickly and personal travel came back a little slower. I don't know what will happen this time. Not sure, yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thank you and nice to hear that you guys are doing well. I guess I have one question and a follow-up clarification, when we think about the scope of cost containment efforts where exactly are you guys, I'm just trying to think about how we should think about the progression of cost saving opportunities if things get worse or things get better and then I'll just ask the second question upfront or second now. In terms of the relationship wins that are affecting rebates. Is there a revenue contribution that comes in this year or is that more spread out over multiple years? Thank you.
Sachin Mehra: Yes, Sanjay. I will take, actually I will start with the second question first and then we'll get on to the expense. So on your question around the relationships, which we're either renewing and or building new relationships with. Look, you've got to think about it in the context of things which are existing customers. You probably will start to see the revenues, we’re already seeing the revenue of that come through and to the extent that expanded deals, you will see the revenue of that come through on a sooner basis than you would see in the nature of new relationships where you’re flipping portfolios or you're starting a de novo program or something of that sort. So I think it's a little bit of a mixed bag. So you see that kind of come through. I don't see the trend on that by the way being any different than what we've done historically when we signed deals in the past, whether the new deals or renewals, that pattern is pretty much what we're expecting on a going forward basis. As it relates to operating expenses. Let me just give you a line of sight as to what's going on from an operating expense standpoint, I know Michael will share a little bit more about the various areas we're focused on. First, specifically as it relates to the numbers, you can see based on my comments earlier that in the second quarter, we’re sharing our thoughts around how we’re looking to take a decline in our operating expenses in the low single digits range and that's a ramp-up from where we were obviously in the first quarter. I would tell you longer-term, the way you should think about expenses is the following. We have flexibility in our expense base, we're going to do the smart thing, we’re going to do the prudent thing, what we don't want to do is jeopardize the long-term growth prospects of this company, we will remain nimble depending on how the economic environment is playing out and will exercise that prudence from an expense standpoint across the various line items as are appropriate, as part of that process.
Michael Miebach: Yes, and then Sanjay. That was a pretty comprehensive answer, but just one thing I want to say that you called it out earlier, the two guiding factors are not only the long-term growth in the strategic investments, also market readiness and customer demand. So we would not be going out right now with something that the market is not ready with because everybody's busy addressing COVID-19 and what they should do about it. So there is a couple of initiatives like that, that we’re deferring basically and we’re keeping our broader tie to bring them back to market as and when needed and customer demand is the other thing. Right now we see huge demand for investments and improving, further improving what can be done on cyber. So we can continue to double down there, but you can imagine like promotions in the travel space is just not what is a sensible thing to do right now. So that's kind of how we think about it, customer demand, market readiness and then keeping the strong, the long-term stuff in mind and that gave you the categories earlier.
Warren Kneeshaw: All right. I think we've got to the end of allotted time. So Ajay, any final comments.
Ajay Banga: Thank you all for your questions and I’m going to wrap up with a few closing thoughts. I know we kept you a little longer than usual, but that's not mistaking that COVID-19 has created a tough environment. But you can see that we’re beginning to get to the early signs of stabilization. We believe our diversified business model will allow us to successfully navigate this and capitalize on opportunities as we come to normalization and ultimately back to growth. We’re carefully managing our expenses. So we will continue to invest in the area that differentiate our company and enable us deliver on our grow, diversify, and build strategy. So you should see us doing things like in services, so the data analytics, and Cyber & Intelligence that we think drive real value for our customers to diversify our revenue base, they enable us to win market share, or in digital solutions like our gateway and digital debit products that enables e-commerce. On an account-to-account capabilities, including most importantly our real-time payment rails that help us to address new payment flows and some ideas in areas which we’ve been investing in for a while like open banking and digital identity. I don't have a crystal ball, you could see that I couldn’t answer some of your questions about where this could go, but I do think we will see certain trend will stand out, the world will be more digital and the secular shift to electronic payments will accelerate. There will be a deeper focus on cyber security and data analytics. Cross-border activity will come back but in phases over time. And importantly, governments will increasingly be open to partnering with the private sector in areas where we bring clear value, real-time payments and cyber security and identity services are examples of that very open view of partnership. We’re heavily invested in these, we are focused on these and as Michael said a little while back and Sachin and I did before that, we have no doubt we will be well prepared to capitalize on these opportunities as they come our way. So thank you for your continued support of the company, be safe, be well. Thank you for joining us today. I'm looking forward to actually being able to see people and shake hands and give somebody a hug once in a while once we get past this. Thank you very much.
Sachin Mehra: Thanks everyone.
Michael Miebach: Thank you. Bye-bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Mastercard Incorporated Q4 Full Year 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, Marcella. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2019 earnings call. With me today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Sachin, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. As a reminder, in Q2 we updated our non-GAAP methodology to exclude the impact of gains or losses on our equity investments. We are excluding these items as we believe this will facilitate a better understanding of our operating performance and provide a meaningful comparison of our results between periods. Our non-GAAP measures also exclude the impact of special items, which represent litigation judgments and settlements and certain one-time items. In addition, we present growth rates adjusted for the impact of foreign currency with the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to GAAP reported amounts. Please note that the growth rates we provide for switched volume, switched transactions and cross-border volume have been adjusted to normalize for the effects of differing switching days between periods. Starting this quarter, we are further adjusting these growth rates to normalize for the effects of differing number of carryover days between periods. Carryover days are those where transactions and volumes from days where we do not clear and settle are processed. Generally, we do not clear and settle dual message transactions on Sundays. These adjustments have been made to current and prior quarters. This information is being provided so that you can better understand the underlying growth rates of our operating metrics. Our comments on the call today will be on the basis of these adjusted growth rates. We do not normalize GDV growth rates. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I would like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Ajay Banga.
Ajay Banga: Thank you, Warren, and good morning everybody. So we closed our 2019 on a strong note. And for the year, revenue was up 16% and EPS was up 23%, on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis. I think these results reflect broad based growth across each of our regions and the ongoing execution of our strategy as we continue to invest for the longer term. On the macroeconomic environment, consumer spending remains relatively healthy, and we expect this to continue in 2020. We are, however, monitoring a number of economic and geopolitical factors as well as the potential effects of coronavirus that could impact this outlook. In the U.S., we are seeing stable growth with low unemployment and healthy consumer confidence. Our SpendingPulse estimates for Q4 show retail sales remained solid, up 3.1% versus the year ago ex auto, ex gas. In Europe, we see continued modest growth. UK spending actually held up reasonably well again, according to our SpendingPulse estimates with year-over-year retail sales up [technical difficulty] in Q4 ex auto, gas and restaurants despite uncertainty around the potential impact of Brexit. In Asia Pacific, we are seeing modest GDP growth in the region overall, in part due to the support of favorable monetary policies in several markets. We are pleased with the recent trade deal with China and obviously, we'll continue our efforts to pursue a license to participate in that market domestically. The outlook in Latin America is mixed as growth in Brazil and Colombia was partially offset by weakness in Argentina and Mexico. Meanwhile, we are driving healthy double-digit volume and transaction growth for Mastercard across most of our markets and these results are a function of us growing our core products of differentiating with our unique services, of expanding our digital solutions and footprint, and are leveraging our multi-rail capabilities to capture new payment flows. So let me start by talking about driving growth in the core. We've done that through new wins as well as key renewals and expansions. Following on the heels of our recently announced extension with Citibank, we are excited to announce a renewal and extension of our relationship with Capital One. We also signed an agreement with FasterPay to launch new debit, credit and payroll solutions for small and medium-sized businesses later this year. And we've renewed our deal with the Standard Bank Group of South Africa, the largest bank in Africa, which includes new issuance and will help us grow our share in that market and throughout the region. On the co-brand front, the Amazon Rewards Mastercard has launched in Canada. MoneyLine, a U.S.-based mobile consumer finance platform has selected Mastercard as their exclusive partner for their new credit co-brand program, and will flip that existing consumer debit portfolio to us as well. In the travel space, we won a new co-brand deal with Vistara Airlines in India, and have also expanded a long running co-brand relationship, Norwegian Cruise Line in the United States. Turning to prepaid, we have renewed our agreement with the network for Direct Express, which is the largest prepaid program in the world. This card issued by Comerica Bank is used by the U.S. government to make fast convenient and secure federal benefits disbursements. And in debit we have expanded our presence in key emerging markets in China and India. In China we entered a new deal to be the preferred debit partner of China Construction Bank, the second-largest bank in China, and are also launching our first debit program with China CITIC Bank. In India, we have maintained our debit leadership through renewed debit deals with both HDFC Bank and State Bank of India, the largest public sector bank in the country. So now to differentiated services and co-products wins such as these I've just talked about frequently included [technical difficulty] company. We continue to grow these services both organically and inorganically, and are making good progress in this regard. And for example, Brighterion's artificial intelligence platform and NuData's behavioral biometric capabilities have been broadly integrated into our core security solutions to help customers minimize fraud and manage risk. And since joining Mastercard, Ethoca has signed over 350 new deals including a recent agreement with Microsoft to streamline their dispute process and improve the cardholder experience. And while on the topic of acquisitions, I think we have bolstered our Cyber Intelligence Suite a step further with our recent acquisition of RiskRecon, a leading provider of AI and data analytics solutions. RiskRecon's best-in-class, Cyber Risk Assessment capabilities are designed to help financial institutions, merchants, corporations and governments secure their digital assets. They will - we can build on their current customer base and develop new cyber security services. We are very pleased to have the RiskRecon team as part of the Mastercard family and we look forward to offering these solutions to our customers.  So on to digital initiatives and our footprint there. We are expanding our digital solutions with the rollout of click to pay with new deals on our merchant tokenization solution and real progress on the contactless front. On click to pay we can announce that merchants such as [technical difficulty] and Saks Fifth Avenue are now live, enabling a faster and more secure guest check out experience for their customers. Further beginning in mid-2020 this year, Citibank plans to streamline the checkout experience at participating merchants by leveraging push provisioning to make the click to pay enrollment process much easier for Citi branded credit card holders in North America. We've also signed several deals with merchants for our tokenization capabilities, which as you know provide security and they sort of approve - the approval rates improve and a better experience for merchant customers. Recent partners who signed on to use this tokenized card and file solution include Amazon, Stripe MercadoLibre, PayPal and several of the largest U.S. wireless and telecom providers. And on to contactless, whereas, I said, we're making real progress. This quarter contactless made up over 30% of global card present purchased [technical difficulty]. Contactless provides a frictionless and fast payment experience, which is opening new categories of spend including displacing cash on small ticket purchases. The U.S. is poised for growth on this front and the New York City MTA is a good example of the potential for rapid adoption by consumers. In fact they've surpassed 5 million taps since the launch in May and MTA has plans to rollout contactless acceptance system-wide by the end of 2020. And on to new payment flows and multi-rail capabilities, which we're using to penetrate new flows, including recent successes with Mastercard Send. Bank of America will now use Mastercard Send for their business-to-consumer card disbursements in the U.S. on an exclusive basis. In the insurance space, Allstate will expand the use of Mastercard Send across their enterprise to power instant insurance claims payouts. PayPal will utilize Mastercard Send in 10 new markets across Asia Pacific [technical difficulty] to enable users to transfer funds from their PayPal wallets to their eligible cards. We're also leveraging our capabilities to help facilitate more efficient cross-border payments. So here's an example. Swiss Bankers, a Swiss prepaid card issuer, launched a new money transfer service using Mastercard Send that enables consumers to make secure payments to recipients' bank accounts, digital wallets and eligible cards in 18 countries. We're also partnering with [technical difficulty] which is the switches in Russia and the Central Bank in Russia to bring cross-border functionality to the Russian domestic Faster Payments system. Moving on to Bill Pay. We've gone live in the U.S. with our Bill Pay Exchange product. We're leveraging technology from our Transactis acquisition. Bill Pay Exchange provides an enhanced Bill Pay experience for banks, for consumers and for billers. And our initial launch partners include U.S. Bank, Aliaswire and Avidia Bank, with Jack Henry & Associates agreeing to participate later this year. We plan to add additional functionality and new partners throughout 2020. We've also entered into a partnership with Pine Labs. They provide a range of point-of-sale and prepaid solutions to merchants across India, Southeast Asia and the Middle East. This partnership is focused on offering installment payment solutions to merchants and consumers across both card and real-time payment rails. Beyond [technical difficulty], we also want to work with Pine Labs to offer a range of prepaid, loyalty and cybersecurity services to customers. And this partnership is consistent with our strategy to deliver greater choice to consumers and be the partner of choice for our customers. Open Banking is another area where we've worked for some time to develop the right set of comprehensive solutions and services that work for all the players in the ecosystem, banks, fintechs, merchants and consumers. Our solutions are live today in Europe, and we are focused on ensuring that the ecosystem can provide for the real-time exchange of information and transactions while, most importantly, protecting the interests and data of all participants, including our fintech and bank customers. We see Open Banking as an important global trend and as a significant opportunity and believe that our leadership in data privacy as well as our scale in real-time and cross-border payments are very [technical difficulty] to optimizing Open Banking solutions for banks, for fintechs, for merchants and for consumers globally. Now beyond payments, we made good progress on our digital identity solution. Here, digital identity is aiming to allow individuals to own, control and share their identity credentials their way on the devices they use every day. We believe that our commitment to the responsible handling of personal information, letting consumers have ownership of their own data and giving them control over which data is used and how it is used is critical to a consumer's increasingly digital life. Mastercard's network is able to check a consumer's chosen credentials and confirm them for the intended recipient and purpose without ever taking possession of the underlying identity data. So Mastercard is uniquely positioned in this field given our experience in governance and operating [technical difficulty] our focus on financial inclusion, our announced and clear sensibility to data privacy and our commitment to investment in a global interoperable infrastructure. We have recently launched pilots in public and private institutions in Australia, which actually is one of the countries at the forefront of digital identification. And this set of pilots enables participants to use their digital identities to access certain government and student services. We have also additional digital identity [technical difficulty] pilots that you will see us introducing in more markets throughout 2020, and we look forward to continuing to innovate and grow and embed ourselves on this front. With that, let me turn the call over to Sachin for an update on our financial results and our operational metrics. Sachin?
Sachin Mehra: Thanks Ajay. So turning to Page 3, you will see that we've delivered strong performance in the fourth quarter to end the year. Here are a few highlights on a currency-neutral basis, and excluding special items, as well as the impact of gains and losses on the company's equity investments. Net revenue grew 17%, driven by solid, broad-based momentum in our core products and services. Acquisitions contributed approximately 1 ppt to this growth. Total operating expenses increased 12%, which includes a 4 ppt increase related to acquisitions. Operating income grew by 22% and net income was up 25%, reflecting our strong operating performance and which includes a 2 ppt and [technical difficulty] ppt reduction due to acquisitions, respectively. EPS grew 28% year-over-year to $1.96, which includes a $0.05 contribution from share repurchases and $0.02 of dilution related to our recent acquisitions. During the quarter, we repurchased about $1 billion worth of stock and an additional $438 million through January 27, 2020. So now let's turn to Page 4, where you can see the operational metrics for the fourth quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV, growth was 12% on a local currency basis, down 2 ppt from last quarter, primarily due to the impact of the differing number of processing days between periods, as well as some lapping of previous wins. U.S. GDV grew 9%, down approximately 3 ppt from last quarter, with credit and debit growth of 12% and 7%, respectively. Outside of the U.S., volume growth was 14%, down 2 ppt from last quarter. Cross-border volume grew at 16% on a local currency basis, driven by double-digit growth across most regions. Turning to Page 5. Switched transactions showed strong growth at 19% globally, reflecting in part the ongoing adoption of contactless. We saw healthy double-digit growth in switched transactions across most regions. In addition, card growth was 5%. Globally, there are 2.6 billion Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards issued. Now let's go to Page 6 for highlights on a few of the revenue line items, again described on a currency-neutral basis, unless otherwise noted. The 17% net revenue increase was primarily driven by strong transaction and volume growth, as well as strong growth in our services offerings, partially offset by rebates and incentives. As previously mentioned, acquisitions contributed approximately 1 ppt to this growth. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items. Domestic assessments grew 14%, while worldwide GDV grew 12%. The 2 ppt difference is primarily driven by pricing. Cross-border volume fees grew 16%, in line with cross-border volume growth of 16%. Transaction processing fees grew 18%, while switched transactions grew 19%. The 1 ppt difference is primarily driven by mix. Finally, on other revenues, which were up 25%, including a 4 ppt contribution from acquisitions, the remaining growth was primarily driven by our Cyber & Intelligence and Data & Services solutions. Moving on to Page 7. You can see that on a currency-neutral non-GAAP basis, total operating expenses increased 12%. This includes 4 ppt related to acquisitions as well as 2 ppt related to the differential in hedging gains and losses versus the year-ago period. The remaining 6 ppt of growth related to our continued investment in strategic initiatives, such as digital enablement, safety and security, geographic expansion and new payment flows. Turning to Slide 8. Let's discuss what we've seen through the first 3 weeks of January, where each of our drivers are generally consistent with what we saw in Q4. The numbers through January 21 are as follows; starting with switched volume. We saw global growth of 15%, similar to the fourth quarter. In the U.S., our switched volume grew 11%. Switched volume grew - switched volume outside the U.S. grew [technical difficulty]. Globally, switched transaction growth was 19%, similar to the fourth quarter. With respect to cross-border, our volumes grew 15% globally, down 1 ppt sequentially. For the year, we expect cross-border growth to be in the mid-teens range, and this is contemplated in our thoughts for revenue growth for the year. Turning now to Slide 9 and our thoughts for 2020. We expect the economic outlook to be similar to what we saw in 2019. Our business fundamentals remain strong, with growth driven by a mix of new deals, new agreements and the expansion of our differentiated service offerings. We expect net revenue to grow at a low-teens rate on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions. Rebates and incentives growth is expected to be higher year-over-year, driven by renewed and expanded deals that Ajay just commented on. In the first quarter, net revenue growth is expected to be about 2 ppt lower than this annual estimate, primarily due to higher growth in rebates and incentives. We expect that net revenue growth will increase throughout the balance of the year as we implement new wins and season-related volume. Foreign exchange is expected to have a minimal impact to annual growth but is expected to be about a 1 ppt headwind in the first quarter. In terms of operating expenses, we expect growth for both the year and the first quarter at the high end of the high single-digit range on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. This is driven by our continued investments in digital, analytics and security products and platforms to address new payment flows. Foreign exchange is expected to have a minimal impact to OpEx growth for both the year and the first quarter. Turning to M&A. As you know, over the years, we have used acquisitions to supplement our organic efforts and diversify our revenues. You have seen this in areas such as data analytics, cyber and intelligence, loyalty and costs in developing multi-rail solutions for our customers. This has helped expand our addressable markets, drive new revenue streams and strengthen our core product solutions. As a reminder, we are disciplined in our approach as we work with our acquisitions to break even within 24 months of close. With that context, let me outline the expected 2020 impacts of our recent acquisitions, which are progressing well. In terms of net revenues, we expect acquisitions to add about 2 ppt [technical difficulty] for the year and about 1 ppt for Q1, assuming that the transaction with Nets closes in the second quarter, which is our current estimate. For OpEx, acquisitions are expected to add an additional 7 to 9 ppt to growth for both the year and the quarter. For the year, this estimate includes the full year effect of the acquisitions made in 2019, including purchase accounting and integration-related costs. This also assumes the anticipated closing of the transaction with Nets. A couple of other items of note beyond acquisitions. In other income and expense line, we are at a quarterly expense run rate of approximately $50 million based on our current debt levels. This excludes gains and losses from our equity investments. With respect to tax, you should assume a tax rate of approximately 17% to 18% for the year. So just to sum all of this up, 2019 was an excellent year, both in terms of financial performance and in setting us up for the future. We have signed a number of important deals, developed a strong pipeline of products to address growth in the short, medium and long term and made several acquisitions to broaden our capabilities. We are pleased with the progress we are making, and our outlook for 2020 is for continued strong growth. With that, let me turn the call back to Warren to begin the Q&A session.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thanks, Sachin. Marcella, we are now ready for the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Eric Wasserstrom from UBS. Your line is open.
Eric Wasserstrom: Thanks very much and good morning. Ajay, I just wanted to see if we could get an update on the progress on Mastercard Track. And in terms of the U.S. experience and maybe Australia, which I think was also recently initiated in the past year.
Ajay Banga: Yes. So Track actually you've got different elements, Australia was part of the whole B2B Hub you are referring to U.S. also had a B2B Hub but Track is an overall approach to the B2B payment space that starts with having the right merchant directories and then connects - and sort of small business and business directories that are all compliance run through in the fully informed directory attached to an invoice presentment engine that also enables our payment optimization engine and the reconciliation system. That's all built inside. Then it uses the distribution channels, one of which is something like the B2B hubs that we have talked about in the past, but it can also go to what our issuers agents and buyers’ agents and as the whole ecosystem there that we are getting into and putting our footprint into. So that's kind of where we are. We piloted during 2019 big customers the full business payment service kind of solution, which we've been developing in the U.S. and in fact also in Latin America. We are rolling it out globally starting in the U.S. in the first quarter [technical difficulty]. We will get to more geographies and more payments over time. That's what we are at, and that’s where we’re going.
Eric Wasserstrom: And if I can just have one follow-up on that. To the extent that - to what extent is the - are the volumes and revenue benefits from the Mastercard Track hub and the SME B2B space contemplated in the 2020 outlook?
Ajay Banga: As we've told you when we were discussing this at Investor Day as well, this is more developed. For example our corporate purchasing cards, our fleet cards, our SME cards, our virtual account numbers, our cross-border travel payment systems, those are all relatively well developed and are well factored into the way we think about 2020. The B2B Hub to an extent because it’s got Bank of America, First Hawaiian and Fifth Third in the U.S. and MYOB in Australia, but that's like four customers across the world. And for a company of our size, well, that's important for B2B, it is a bigger picture. What we're really talking about is adding those on over the course of the next 2 to 3 years. So we don't have that built in any great way in 2020, and if we knock the lights out from that, that will be great, but I have a view that this kind of thing takes a little time. Remember as I explained the ecosystem, not only do you build the technology across all of those phases, you also have to sign up all the distribution that enables you to connect with this relatively new ecosystem that Track is specifically aimed at.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang: I was encouraged to hear the mid-teens outlook for cross-border. I have been getting a lot of questions on the Coronavirus and how to kind of maybe frame this. I'll ask you guys if you don’t mind. How much of your cross border book is tied to the China region, and is there a way to maybe look back or reference SARS or swine flu or something else to maybe get a clue on what this one might do. Thanks.
Sachin Mehra: Let me give you a little bit of color on cross border, right? So as I mentioned, we do see double-digit growth across most of our regions as it relates to cross border. And, as I kind of sit back and I think about it, we had good solid steady performance coming out of the U.S. As it relates to EMEA, and that's, Middle East and Africa and Asia-Pacific as well, we continue to see solid growth. We saw some softness [technical difficulty] Mexico, a function of the local environment out there but by and large the business is running in a very healthy pace. To your specific question around the impact of the Coronavirus, here is what I tell you, it's early days, fortunately, a decent portion of our inbound and outbound cross border from China is e-com related. So it provides some level of a hedge. And we will continue to monitor the environment. It's too early to tell at this point in time, how this thing plays out.
Ajay Banga: If you remember Tien-Tsin, people have brought their tickets and they are still travelling out for the Lunar New Year. At this stage, if this is much bigger and it becomes a much more sort of urgent and immediate crisis across many parts of the world, then we'll take a look at those numbers once again, but we're going to take this as it comes, one step at a time, and that's the only way to look at this carefully. You got to remember when SARS was on and that was way back in the early part of the last decade in 2003 and 2004, the total business in China was also smaller. The total size of our Company was also smaller, and our ability to be a real player in cross-border across many corridors 18 years ago was very different. So I kind of wouldn't go too much on that. I would rather, think about the natural hedge that e-commerce provides the fact that there's still a lot of travel there, but that could change over the next few weeks, and we’ll keep an eye on it very carefully.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Just real quick follow-up, if you don't mind just on the, I think I heard you say, Bank of America Mastercard Send that was an exclusive arrangement is that the case. And I'm curious if that's maybe a new model that we can expect with that product?
Ajay Banga: It's actually correct you did hear correctly. Your ears are in good shape Tien-Tsin, even if you had an AirPod shoved inside. But I'm not going to I can't tell you if that's a new model going forward. It's the way that, in this particular case, Bank of America finds value from what we are doing. I don't know yet [technical difficulty] two of these don't make a trend.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Maurer from Autonomous. Your line is open.
Craig Maurer: I had a question about recent acquisition activity in the space. Your largest competitor seems to have gone in a somewhat different direction from what we've seen from your acquisitions. And I wanted to get your updated thoughts on acquisitions that moved Mastercard closer to the consumer or closer directly to the merchant?
Ajay Banga: Hi Craig, we've done it - well closer to the consumer. You can remember, we are a B2B2C company. And so what we're not trying to do is get in between our customers and their consumers that's really not. What we are trying to do is to provide services or capabilities or product sets or [technical difficulty] structure that enables that customer to be a merchant. It could be a government the [transit] authority, a bank, a fintech reach their consumer better. That yes, a 100% that's we're into. So for example, in your specific question or around how you reach fintechs and the like. I'm assuming that's where the reference to our competitor comes from. We've built a series of capabilities in Europe, where as you know, PSD2 has changed the layout between fintechs and banks very substantively. And there, we were actually live with the whole idea of connect, protect and resolve and consult capabilities across a number of fintechs and banks and AISPs and PISPs and all the terminology that has now become part of the day-to-day conversation in Europe. That's a fairly strong position for us. What I do want to make sure in all of this, with merchants, for example, your question around merchants, you don't series of transactions that provide data, analytical and cybersecurity [technical difficulty] services to merchants. Ethoca is a most recent example. RiskRecon is even more recent than that. Loyalty reward schemes that we bought some years ago are connected to that. Brighterion does a series of things with merchants and banks and fintechs so most of our acquisitions cut across this ecosystem. What I am permitted to, is to doing it in a way that respects the rights and the privileges of all the different players in the ecosystem and doing it in a way that [technical difficulty] protects data and privacy all through the system. So we will keep looking for acquisitions that enhance those few words I just mentioned: security and privacy of data, the responsibilities and rights and the priorities of different players in the ecosystem. You'll see us doing that very carefully, very sensibly and keeping at it.
Craig Maurer: If I could ask one follow-up just on the guidance. What's the thought process for rebates and incentives for the full year as a percentage of gross revenue?
Sachin Mehra: Sorry could you say that again, you broke out there, [Craig though].
Ajay Banga: The percentage, I think.
Sachin Mehra: Yes.
Craig Maurer: Yes, sorry.
Sachin Mehra: Yes, I think I got it on rebates and incentives. Your question was what's the guidance on rebate and incentives I'm not going to give you specific guidance. But what I will tell you is we do expect the level of growth in rebates and incentives to pick up in 2020. That's on the back of the deals which we've signed. That's what the news as far as I'm concerned because the way it kind of plays out is these are new and expanded [technical difficulty] deals that come with incremental volume. All of that kind of plays into the thoughts I've shared for 2020.
Craig Maurer: Okay, thank you.
Ajay Banga: Craig, one last point on acquisitions. You should expect us to remain relatively committed to the idea of buying something that can break even at the end of year two. And then it becomes part of our base. We no longer pull it out, and you should expect that discipline from us. I believe there is adequate target in the ecosystem [technical difficulty] in our priority areas that can help us grow while doing that in a way that transforms our company as it has done for the last 10 years in a sensible way. That is the right way to approach the value of an acquisition.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis from MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Lisa Ellis: So, looking for a few comments on China, not on the coronavirus, just more broadly it feels like with the recent trade agreement and then some of these announcements with Alipay and WeChat Pay, opening up their wallets to cards, PayPal's, I guess, recent acquisition of GoPay there. It feels like the market might actually finally be loosening up. But on the other hand, we felt this way before. Ajay, I was just kind of curious, what's your current sort of optimism level around Mastercard gaining access to the domestic China market, sense of timing, likelihood? And then an updated view maybe on how you're thinking about approaching this market given it's so different from others around the world?
Ajay Banga: Yes so Lisa, I'm going to have to take away anything to do with the coronavirus obviously in the answer because that's got an impact that I don't yet know how to predict, specifically for China. I mean we as a company have, on that particular topic we've actually given our employees two extra weeks to work from home using that ability so that we try and help them manage their own families and their own situation [technical difficulty] in a way that's responsible for them. So we're clearly worried and nervous, like everybody else is, about what's going on there. So just move on from that. And I'd say the trade deal itself, it is the first time that I've seen a trade deal where companies are mentioned by name in terms of what should be agreed upon between two different governments in a bilateral trade deal. I hope that means that all of us will get a better chance to play in the domestic ecosystem in China and that we will bring them [technical difficulty] our ability to party. And then we'll find and win what we can win. We are late to the party because the digital players there have already built substantially good businesses and, frankly, with very good offerings. So they deserve to have won what they've won. The question will be how do, we then break in and how well do we do in that, and that's going to be our task in China. My general attempt about that part of the businesses, I've seen this movie earlier. I'm going to only say anything about [technical difficulty] what we actually see something in writing that changes what our position on the ground is. Meanwhile, we're doing things. We - publicly there's been speculation that we are looking at partners to be able to go into the domestic processing business with. That's kind of one angle which everybody is looking at so are we. There's clearly an effort to build out the acquiring footprint so that our acceptance expansion can begin to happen. There's an effort to build out the issuing relationships so that, that [technical difficulty] hit the ground running. Meanwhile, you referred to Alibaba and WeChat accepting our cards into their domestic wallet. That's also been part of some effort. There's conversations going on with them on all kinds of partnership opportunities where we may compete or may not compete. So it's kind of - there's a lot going on in China. We are hiring people. We've been doing that for the last two or three years. We're building talent and skills on the ground. So kind of that's where we are. And I think my approach to the market there is [technical difficulty] there will infrastructure capability, build acceptance, build the right partnerships, build people and skills on the ground and learn how to do that in a market that is as you said, dramatically different from the others. So, I think local presence, local knowledge and local capability is going to be really important in China.
Lisa Ellis: Terrific. And then maybe as my follow-up, just a quick update on the contactless deployment in the U.S. Do you have any updated stats on sort of where we are in terms of card issuance, merchant acceptance and are you expecting in the 2020 outlook an uptick in U.S. volumes as a result of that or is it more of a 2021 dynamic? Thank you.
Ajay Banga: I'm pretty certain that U.S. contactless will keep growing throughout 2020 quite attractively. Because if you look at the numbers of the number of bank partners that have committed to issue contactless cards - for a minute let's even forget Apple Pay and Samsung Pay that enable every card through their RFID [technical difficulty] devices to be used. If you just look at the number of cards, we're talking about 70% of our total cards in the U.S. market will be reissued over this 12-month to 14-month period. My own personal cards are already contactless from Citi. And so, I think you'll see that happening. Cabela's is doing that. There's a bunch of others that are actually deeply embedded into the idea of contactless cards. On the acceptance side, as you know, the kind of all new terminals going out are embedded with contactless. So [technical difficulty] the large retailers like Target and 7-Eleven and CVS have announced that they will accept contactless payments. And in fact, over half of U.S. card-present transactions are now happening at contactless-enabled merchant locations. And when the MTA rolls it out system-wide in New York City, and there are other transit systems beginning to do the same in their cities, I think you will get the impetus. Some of it will come in 2020 to your earlier question. More of it will come in 2021. But outside the U.S., that kind of growth pattern is pretty strongly embedded. You know that in Australia, over 80% of transactions under AUD 100 are contactless. So there's a lot going on in that space.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Donat from Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Christopher Donat: Thanks for work on contactless as an MTA rider, I deeply appreciate not having to swipe anymore. The question I wanted to ask, Ajay, was about the other revenue and the percentage - or the portion of that that's organic. Just how sustainable is this roughly 20% level of growth in organic other revenue and - or is it even possible to accelerate with some of your work on the data and other offerings?
Ajay Banga: [Technical difficulty] Sachin, go ahead.
Sachin Mehra: Sure. Hey Chris, so very quickly, some color around the other revenues line item, right. I mean you've seen that in Q4, we talked about a 25% growth rate in other revenues. That had about 4 PPT coming from acquisitions. So that's where you come up with your number of about 20% for Q4. Let me give you some context. There are three main components, which are there in other revenues. Some of our services lines roll up here, things like cyber and intelligence products, data analytics, consulting and managed services as well as loyalty, right, a significant portion of [technical difficulty] recurring in nature, although there are some such as consulting and loyalty engagements that are project-based and can have some timing between quarters. The second item, which is there in other revenues is our Vocalink-related revenues. And again, this is recurring in nature. And finally, we put a number of our recent acquisitions, and I know you said net of acquisitions. But remember, the acquisitions which we have done will at some point in time become the equivalent of organic growth to your sense. And we put those into the other revenue because of the [technical difficulty] model. So net-net-net, I would tell you, a decent portion of other revenues is recurring in nature, although we're not providing specific estimates for this line item. I will say other revenues, excluding acquisitions, we expect that to grow faster than the overall company growth rate.
Ajay Banga: Remember that the - a lot of the acquisitions are basically either meant to enhance what Sachin started with, which is our data analytics capability or our cyber and security capability or our managed loyalty capability. A number of - not all of them, but a number of them. When you do that, and two years into acquiring them to become part of the base, they then become part of organic revenue and expenses. So we have to manage the business in a way that at the end of the second year, breaks even, each of them individually and then starts becoming margin-accretive in the third year. That's the discipline that's embedded inside the company's P&L line-by-line with each business that acquired [technical difficulty] a single entity during the year. So absolutely, I expect that organic growth will continue to be good in that line item and as Sachin said, probably higher than that of the whole company.
Christopher Donat: And just as a follow-up, Sachin, on the project-based component of that, is that - that's relatively small though, right the recurring component of the other revenue is much more significant, right?
Sachin Mehra: [Technical difficulty] component is more significant than the project-based component. And as I mentioned, it's the project-based stuff is typically our consulting and managed services and loyalty pieces. But then again, you go back into cyber and intelligence recurring nature of Vocalink, recurring in nature, a lot of these things are things where you sign agreements and then they kind of stay in play for some time. So yes.
Ajay Banga: There's been a lot of effort that's gone in to convert some of the nonrecurring into recurring and the manner in which we sign deals and have to work with partners. Part of the idea of what we like is recurring revenue, but that's non-recurring because it opens it all.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: I just want to hone in a little more on cross-border for a minute just given that it did show a little bit of a deceleration into January. I think you said 15%, and comps do get easier. So just - I know you talked about mid-teens for the year, but can you give us more color on what type of activity you're seeing in terms of specifically e-comm versus travel. And then I don't think I've ever heard you update what the e-comm percentage of cross-border actually is. If you can help us with that?
Sachin Mehra: Yes. So on cross-border, first, I would just kind of caution and say we're three weeks into the month of January, and the one PPT decline, which you're seeing between 16% in Q4 and 15% in the first three weeks of January, I wouldn't make too much of that, right. Hence the comment which I made about you still expect mid-teens from a cross-border standpoint. Just - but more specifically around some color around what we're seeing in a cross-border standpoint, steady growth in the U.S. right. As it relates to our card-not-present cross-border, we see that at approximately 20%, and that's fairly consistent as we've seen over the past few quarters. As it relates to region by region, in Q4, our APMEA region, which is the combination of Asia Pacific and Middle East and Africa, saw some accelerated pace, as I mentioned earlier. And on the flip side, in LAC, we saw some level of weakness in Mexico, in particular. But there are puts and takes every quarter on this. That's really the color, which I've got. It's steady as it goes as far as cross-border growth right now, and then we'll pick it up from there.
Darrin Peller: All right. Just a quick kind of housekeeping. I mean you still expect Nets to close, I think you said, first half. I just want to verify that. And if you could remind us of any potential financial impact that we should expect on the year with that on the top and bottom line. And then also, when you think of, Ajay, just make sure that deal doesn't preclude you from doing other meaningful deals this year, are you really on the active hunt right now for something in the first half?
Ajay Banga: So on the deal front, I - as I said earlier, we look at 40, 50, 60 deals in a year. And in some years, we closed none or 1 or 2, and last year provided more than that number. And honestly, there's a group of people who are like moms in a Santa shop that are working very hard on this. I don't like that reference. And they're working away really hard on this thing, right? And they produce stuff. And then we kind of look at it and say, that one doesn't make sense either because it doesn't fit our strategic profile or the M&A numbers don't make sense or that somehow it doesn't respect those principles I was thinking about when I was asking Craig - answering his question. Or some of them [technical difficulty] too. And then yet others get lost along the way because the negotiation doesn't work out or the due diligence scares the heck out of us. And so it just carries on like that. I don't know how to give you an answer. I would tell you, nothing has changed. I've been on the hunt from the day I joined and still in the hunt.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. I'll just add to Ajay's comment. You asked specifically about Nets. Obviously, we're going through the regulatory approval process as we speak right now. It's our estimate to close Nets in the second quarter of this year. That's the basis of what I've given and the nature of thoughts for 2020, where I kind of mentioned to you that on a full year basis, we expect about a two PPT contribution from acquisitions on revenues and somewhere in that 7% to 9% growth in OpEx relate to acquisitions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Trevor Williams from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Trevor Williams: Sorry to pile on the China theme, but I'm just curious on the outbound cross-border volume from China. So is China UnionPay and WeChat and Alipay have been partnering more with acquirers globally to expand their acceptance footprint outside of China. I guess I'm just wondering longer term, how much of a risk you think there could be to your outbound cross-border volume just if acceptance of those three big Chinese players reaches critical mass, just at least in the major tourist hubs. And I'm not sure if I caught this in response to the question from Tien-Tsin, but I was just wondering what percentage of cross-border is Chinese outbound?
Ajay Banga: We don't. The first part, I can tell you what's going on. I mean, look, first of all, this is not a new issue of these bilateral agreements between what cut and the Chinese digital wallets with players outside. You should know that the top specifically is concerned because of the way the Chinese rules change over time. What used to be a dual-branded card which are still large numbers there, all the new issuance is single-branded. So banks that are issuing our cards in China, and we are issuing both protocols there every year, those are all now single-branded. And therefore, when they go overseas, those cards can only be running on Mastercard rails, and their transactions cannot be taken on to somebody else's rails. That's just factual. And so just as there's a put and a take on both sides of that, similarly, in the case of the digital wallets, outbound - while - both inbound and outbound used to be not as plain in Alipay and WeChat. You now have known and seen that they've announced for inbound, and there's always ways for them to work with them like we're already doing on different aspects of their outbound work. Will that lead to a completely open system or not? I don't know. Will that change? Will we also operating domestically because the total scale and size of our operation with them will change? I don't know. We'll see. Meanwhile, there's a lot of volume that comes out of China, which has been enabled by the new digital players that I don't believe is going away from us. This is - it's the bigger size of the pie game that we're also talking about. And so our growth on cross-border out of China has been relatively healthy. It goes through its quarterly ups and downs. It goes through stuff, but it's relatively healthy. And I presume that will stay that way over the next few years. Obviously, coronavirus and stuff, as we discussed, already could change a quarter here or a quarter there. I don't know that yet. And we're very carefully keeping an eye on it. But in the big picture, I still see lots of opportunity on our bond cross-border from China.
Trevor Williams: And just one quick follow-up. I was hoping to just get a little bit more color around some of the mix dynamics. So I know last quarter was a bit unique. You had negative mix across domestic assessments, cross-border and transaction processing. In the domestic assessments, there was a couple hundred basis point benefit this quarter just with pricing, but it looked like transaction processing was lower again due to mix just relative to process transaction growth. Just curious, anything there that you can provide just color-wise to help explain the delta?
Sachin Mehra: Yes. So our transaction processing growth rate. And as you know, switched transactions are growing at a nice clip at 19%. And we're pretty much in line from a transaction processing fee standpoint. What I would tell you is as the business grows and as we do more and the nature of contactless payments, so on and so forth, and you start to proliferate down into smaller-ticket payments, it does have an impact from a mix standpoint. You will expect to see that take – just depending on market and [technical difficulty] in question. I wouldn't make too much of the disparity between the two. The other thing I would tell you is in transaction processing fees, there are line items which are beyond just the high correlation to switched transactions. In other words, some portion of our services are related revenues also are comprising the transaction processing fees.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg from BoA. Your line is open.
Jason Kupferberg: I wanted to start with a question just on U.S. credit volume growth still remains quite robust here. I'm wondering how many more quarters of tailwind do we have from Cabela's before that laps. Are you seeing any noticeable uptick from the Apple Card, Venmo card? Or any commentary on kind of the consumer versus the commercial pieces of U.S. credit? And just at a high level, trying to get a sense of the sustainability of these double-digit levels as you do get to some tougher comps, I think, in the next few quarters.
Sachin Mehra: Jason, it's Sachin. So very quickly, I want to give you a little bit of color on - I mentioned earlier about - in my prepared remarks, something about lapping of wins. The Cabela's portfolio has begun to lap, right, as part of our Q4 metrics, as I mentioned earlier, so also Kroger's. But then overall, the market share wins which we've had over the course of the last 12 months, that's starting to roll on. So you're starting to see some of that come on in the nature of Apple Card, so on and so forth. Also, I will mention that we talked about the deals we signed with Citi and Capital One. We would expect for that to also start to roll in. So there's going to be puts and takes. There will be previously won portfolios which will lap, and then there'll be new portfolios and new market share wins which will come in. so all in all, good performance from a credit standpoint in the U.S., as you mentioned.
Jason Kupferberg: And just one for Ajay. I'm curious to get your thoughts on synergies potentially between Nets and Vocalink. I know there's some differences there in geographic exposure. But are there some broader enhancements to your alternative network capabilities from the Nets deal? Or are these just kind of separate offerings for different segments of the real-time payments market?
Ajay Banga: Yes and yes, actually. It's a really good question. What we're buying - it's a really good question. What we're buying with Nets Corporate Services in the Nordics is not just the similar thing to what Vocalink does. So Vocalink both operates the infrastructure, provides for the software real-time payments as well as batch processing and ATM [technical difficulty] but also provides applications and services on top of that infrastructure in the United Kingdom. That is more similar to the P27 deal we signed in the Nordics, where with the banks in the Nordics, we're going to implement fast and real-time payment capabilities using Vocalink's sort of structure and then operate it for them in the Nordics. We're doing that in a number of other countries around the world. We're doing it in different flavors. Some of them are software deals. Some of them we'll operate everything. So Saudi, Peru, the Philippines and so on, right? So there's that element. The Nets Corporate Services piece that we've bought in - that we're trying to close on in the second quarter in the Nordics actually provides for using all those underlying services for payments and builds, and they connect all the B2B payment systems. They connect all kinds of players in the Nordics and outside of the Nordics with Nordics there. So that's a whole different capability. I'm quite hopeful that we can apply both these solutions to different segments, as well as enhance each other's capabilities in different markets around the world. So Paul Stoddart, who runs all this for us and came out of Vocalink, he used to be the Chief Operating Officer of Vocalink when we first bought them. Paul's kind of the guy who's running all this for us and stitching it together over the next period of time. It's a great question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Foresi from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Joseph Foresi: I was wondering if you could talk about the margin profile of the business short and long term. I know you've given comments on the back past that you don't run the business to the margin. But given the differences between you and your competitor, I was wondering if you could give a little bit more color on your - on the progression or cadence there.
AjayBanga: So my view has been that we will - it's a mathematical calculation of business in some ways. As long as you keep revenue on the margin appropriately and you manage your expenses right, this business has a higher fixed cost and a lower variable cost per transaction. If you add more capacity and you pump more volume through it, you will find yourself growing as the margin - even on your operating margin. That's just math. What's changing along the way is that we're trying to take that math and apply that surplus we get to building and diversifying the revenues of this company. And those, when you acquire those businesses, they may not follow that. But over time, they get there as a number of our services businesses used to be less recurring, back to an earlier question. Now they have got a much higher profile of recurring revenue. A number of our services businesses, their margins have grown over time as the volume being put through them, thanks to their access to our network of distribution and partners, increases. So our attitude towards our margin is healthy growth, not kind of pushing that as what we managed to. We manage gross and net revenue and we manage through expenses, and we manage that kind of space for our future. We don't actually manage through margin. That's why, as said, we'll keep a healthy margin of 50-plus because I want you to know I'm not going to throw money away, kind of my reference to even the acquisitions and the discipline around the acquisitions. But the idea is that we will eventually, always through math, be growing sensibly. You could see it over the last few years.
Joseph Foresi: Got it. And then just as a follow-up - I'm sorry. Just there is no...
Warren Kneeshaw: [indiscernible].
Joseph Foresi: Okay, great. I appreciate it. Well, this will - I'll make it a softball then so we can end on a good note. Yes. Well, I'll do my best now. Focus is on it, right? So - but you've done a great job of expanding your addressable market into new areas. We talked about B2B and contactless. And I know China is on the horizon maybe over the long term. Which of these areas are you most excited about in the short term over the next year? Where should we be spending our time because there just seems to be an expanding amount of areas in your expanding addressable market?
Ajay Banga: I think over the short term, you should continue to remain very focused on our Cyber & Intelligence services business, and you should look forward to more growth in contactless. Everything else, just by the nature of the ecosystem that we work in, has a longer time to resolve than these. These ones, we're able to put [technical difficulty] solution system in a form that enables us to have a little more control over the outcome than we would in the others. We've got to work everybody towards it.
Warren Kneeshaw: All right. Thanks. Any final comments, Ajay?
Ajay Banga: Yes, sir. First, I'm going to wrap up very quickly. Thank you for all your questions. We've had another strong year. We've had broad-based growth across each of our regions. We're driving solid deal momentum. We're trying to capture new flows through the conversation we were just having with our multi-rail capabilities. Our recent acquisitions are performing well within the businesses that we've talked about again today. We look forward to working with our new colleagues from RiskRecon. We've got another one, the Nets Corporate Services, on the horizon. When that comes in, we're going to work hard with them. And we're progressing well against the three-year performance objectives that we laid out for you for 2019, 2020 and 2021. With that, thank you all for being a part of this journey, and thanks again for joining us.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Mastercard Incorporated's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I will now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, Mellisa, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2019 earnings call. With me today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Sachin, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only the end of the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. As a reminder, in Q2 we updated our non-GAAP methodology that exclude the impact of gains or losses on our equity investments. We are excluding these items as we believe this will facilitate a better understanding of our operating performance and provide a meaningful comparison of our results between periods. Our non-GAAP measures also exclude the impact of special items, which represent litigation judgments and settlements and certain one-time items. In addition, we present growth rates adjusted for the impact of foreign currency with the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I'd like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of the earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that I will now turn the call over to Ajay Banga.
Ajay Banga: Thanks, Warren, and good morning everybody. So we drove strong results this quarter, revenue up 16%, EPS up 23% versus a year ago. On a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis, growth was broad-based and reflects our focus on execution, robust business drivers across the board and ongoing investment in our business for the long term. On the macroeconomic environment, our view is kind of unchanged. That is that consumer spending remains relatively strong with some moderation versus 2018. We obviously, like everyone else, is monitoring ongoing trade negotiations and other economic and geopolitical factors which are showing signs of weighing on business sentiment in particular. And the U.S. economic growth remains stable with low unemployment and solid consumer confidence. Retail sales were pretty consistent with the prior quarter, growing at 3.8% versus a year ago ex auto, ex gas, according to our SpendingPulse estimates. In Europe, we see modest growth overall. Third quarter total retail spending in the UK were solid according to our SpendingPulse estimates while uncertainty around the potential impact of Brexit obviously remains. It's a daily drama being played out on television. In Asia Pacific, we are monitoring the impact of the U.S.-China trade negotiations, which are negatively affecting business sentiment in the region. We are however seeing accommodative monetary policies in several markets there to support growth. And in Latin America, the outlook is mixed with countries like Brazil and Colombia showing some positive signs from weakness in Argentina and Mexico. That's the backdrop, and against that, we are driving healthy double-digit volume and transaction growth for Mastercard across most of our markets with momentum in our core product areas in services and in new payment flows. So let's dive into some recent business highlights. First, core products, we are driving growth in our core products with new and renewed customer relationships across credit, debit, prepaid and commercial. I'm pleased to announce that we have extended our global agreement with Citi for an additional five years through 2029. With this we will remain Citi's exclusive global partner in Citi branded consumer credit, debit, and small business. We're also continuing to build upon our strong partnership with Citi's Treasury and trade solutions group where we are working together to expand the breadth of services provided with Citi's corporate clients, including through the use of Mastercard's payments gateway. And together, I think these position us to partner even more closely over the next decade on digital initiatives, on driving consumer credit and debit growth on B2B and the development of new payment solutions and joint marketing efforts to continue growing our businesses together. We've also extended our global deal with HSBC for its premier credit portfolio focused on the high-net-worth segment and that builds on our existing partnership which includes products like the HSBC Rewards card that we launched in the UK and the multi-currency debit card launched in Hong Kong last month. HSBC is another great example of a customer that leverages several Mastercard services like Advisors, MasterCard Lab and Loyalty to bring value to its customers and drive growth across its account base. With Bank of America, we have renewed and expanded many of our business lines across consumer and small business credit and debit in the United States, including brand exclusivity on the forward issuance of small business credit and the small business travel card. We will work together towards continued growth in our debit and commercial business, in particular with Mastercard as the primary network on new commercial business outside of the United States. Additionally, Bank of America has committed to being our next Mastercard Track B2B Hub customers bringing enhanced account payable capabilities to its clients in the United States. H&R Block has renewed its agreement to offer Mastercard prepaid cards and additionally, we'll be piloting our APT Test & Learn capabilities and new data fraud tools. On the U.S. co-brand front this quarter, we won a flip [ph] of the BMW consumer credit co-brand portfolio and they're making further progress in Europe, extending our debit agreement with Intesa Sanpaol in Italy which is committed to converting more than 6 million Maestro cards to Mastercard debit. We've also expanded our relationship with UniCredit to become its preferred Pan-European partner. In other markets, we are building on our momentum of issuers, merchants and diverse partners like telcos. You can see that in Latin America where we've executed a regional deal with Scotiabank and we'll be converting debit cards in several Caribbean markets to Mastercard. In India, where we won an exclusive consumer credit co-brand with IndiGo Airlines, the country's largest airline; and in Africa where Airtel will exclusively use Mastercard's network for it's prepaid virtual cards and QR capabilities from mobile wallets across 11 markets there. Now specifically related to our core commercial business, we've expanded our relationship with Brex. You know them as an innovator in the corporate space, and now we will be their preferred network in the U.S. We've also inked a 10-year deal with Emirates Islamic Bank to be its exclusive commercial credit network across the UAE. And to our efforts to partner with local switches to increase the transaction that we switch, we are the first Internet national network to receive central bank approval and have begun domestic switching our Mastercard branded debit cards in Indonesia through an agreement with the largest domestic switch Artajasa. Our current digital initiatives click-to-pay, which is the name for the EMV secure remote commerce standard is now live in the U.S. aiming at enabling a faster, most secure checkout experience across the web and mobile sites, mobile apps and connected devices. Rocket Time, Movember, Cinemark are the first merchants to the launch together with distribution partners such as IDM, FIS global payments, and Stripe. We are planning for a broader market launch in the first half of 2020 with click-to-pay, Mastercard's merchant partners would benefit from automatic access to NuDetect, a Mastercard artificial intelligence and merchant machine learning solution that provides an added layer of security when a consumer has to check out using Mastercard on click-to-pay. On the fintech front, we've strengthened existing partnerships and winning new deals around the globe by leveraging our technology and relationships in new ways to support these customers who have very specific needs. And a couple of examples include an expanded global partnership and Revolut which has been a Mastercard issuer for several years in Europe and will first launch its cards in the U.S. with Mastercard by the end of the year, followed by other markets across Asia-Pacific and Latin America. Monzo has selected Mastercard to be its exclusive debit partner for its U.S. launch. And SoFi has also chosen Mastercard for its credit and debit programs. Now, additionally, we expanded our Accelerate program to the U.S., providing local fintechs with support through all stages of growth with easy access to a range of programs including our digital fund solutions, our API and development programs and our start-up engagement platform Start Path. In our new payment flows and as you know we've developed and acquired a broad set of capabilities, which together with our card rails allow us to differentiate our offerings and address new payment flows and operate as a one-stop shop for our customers providing choice across multiple rails. In this quarter, we announced our intent to acquire the clearing and instant payment services and e-billing solution of the Nets' Corporate services businesses in the Nordics as we capitalize on the large global real-time payments opportunity. Real-time payments provide a smarter and faster alternative to traditional ACH cash and checks to bring efficiency, much richer data, and a much better user experience. We believe Nets will complement and strengthen our existing capabilities across all three layers of our strategy, which as you recall from Investor Day would offer infrastructure applications for end-users and value-added services for account payment trails. Now this builds upon prior real-time payment wins, including in the Philippines, Peru, Saudi Arabia and our partnership to P27 to deliver real-time and batch payments in the Nordics. We've talked about these in prior earnings calls and on Investor Day. In the meantime, we are progressing our B2B initiatives. I already mentioned Bank of America signing up for the B2B Hub in the U.S. First Hawaiian Bank has also agreed to be their customer. And as we discussed at our Investor Day, we are addressing business payments more comprehensively, both accounts payable and accounts receivables, with Mastercard Track Business Payment Service. To solve for the complexities involved with B2B payments, this service will help companies find businesses that they need to pay, operate within a known set of standards and rules, provide full and rich remittance data, and offer a single connection with access to multiple payment types and rails. We showed you one of the use cases that runs on real-time payment rails, payments on delivery, and this is the one where drivers who are delivering goods through a physical store can be paid electronically real-time by buyers who can manage all of their invoices and payments more efficiently. I'm pleased to announce that BNC is the first bank to pilot this capability with its customers in the U.S. As a multi-rail network, we're also able to offer services to our customers based on account-to-account flows. So for example, we already have customers in the U.K. benefiting from data insights, we are able to provide with our broad view through VocaLink. This helps them with anti-money laundering compliance and identification and prevention of other financial crimes. Continuing with the idea of expanding these services outside of the U.K., the clearing house has just announced that it will launch our Phase [ph] financial crime solution for AML compliance in the U.S. And as previously announced, we will be launching these services in the Philippines as well as part of our real-time payment infrastructure there. Before I close, I wanted to mention the announcement we made about acquiring SessionM, a U.S.-based technology company that provides end-to-end loyalty solutions for merchants. We expect this acquisition to strengthen our ability to provide a complete platform-based loyalty solution, starting from data management to campaign execution and program measurement to our merchant customers, doing all of this while delivering a seamless digital experience for the consumers of those merchant customers. SessionM has a growing base of leading customers that includes McDonald's, PepsiCo and Lowe's among others. We expect to close this acquisition this year. With that let me turn the call over to Sachin for an update on our financial results and operational metrics. Sachin?
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Ajay. Turning to Page 3, you will see we delivered strong performance this quarter. Here are a few highlights on a currency-neutral basis and excluding both special items related to certain legal and tax matters in 2018, as well as the impact of gains and losses on the company's equity investments. Net revenue grew 16% driven by solid momentum in our core and was slightly ahead of our expectations due to stronger-than-expected services growth. Acquisitions contributed approximately 1 ppt to net revenue growth in the quarter. Total operating expenses increased 16%, which includes in 3 ppt increase related to acquisitions. The remaining 13% was related to our ongoing investment in strategic initiatives and was slightly lower than expected. Operating income grew by 17% and net income was up 20%, reflecting our strong operating performance. Each includes a 1 ppt reduction due to acquisitions. Net income growth was also positively impacted by approximately 2 ppt due to a one-time tax benefit and approximately 1 ppt due to certain non-recurring gains, within other income and expenses. EPS grew 23% year-over-year to $2.15, which includes $0.04 related to the one-time tax benefit, and $0.01 due to the non-recurring items and OIE that I just mentioned. The remaining $2.10 includes a $0.05 contribution from share repurchases and $0.02 of dilution related to our recent acquisitions. During the quarter, we repurchased about $1.8 billion worth of stock, and an additional $449 million through October 24, 2019. So now let's turn to Page 4 where you can see the operational metrics for the second quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV growth was 14% on a local currency basis, up 1 ppt from last quarter, primarily due to the impact of the differing number of processing days between periods. U.S. GDV grew 12%, up approximately 2 ppt from last quarter with credit and debit growth of 15% and 9% respectively. Outside of the U.S., volume growth was 16%, up 1 ppt from last quarter. Cross border volume grew at 17% on a local currency basis in line with expectations and driven by double-digit growth across most regions. Turning to Page 5, switched transactions showed strong growth at 20% globally, reflecting in part the ongoing adoption of contactless payments. We saw a healthy double-digit growth in switched transactions across all regions. In addition, card growth was 6%. Globally, there are 2.6 billion Mastercard and Maestro branded cards issued. So now let's turn to page for highlights on a few of the revenue line items, again, described on a currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. The 16% net revenue increase was primarily driven by strong transaction and volume growth, as well as particularly strong growth in our services offerings, partially offset by rebates and incentives. As previously mentioned, acquisitions contributed approximately 1 ppt due to this growth. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items. Domestic assessments grew 12% while worldwide GDV grew 14%. The 2 ppt difference is driven by mix and the impact of an additional processing day on GDV growth in Q3. Cross border volume fees grew 16% while cross border volumes grew 17%. The 1 ppt difference is mainly driven by mix, partially offset by pricing. Transaction processing fees grew 18% while the switched transactions grew 20%. The difference is primarily due to mix. And finally, other revenues were up 34%, including a 4 ppt contribution from acquisitions. The remaining growth was higher than expected and was primarily driven by growth in our data and services and cyber and intelligence solutions. Moving on to Page 7, you can see that on a currency-neutral non-GAAP basis, total operating expenses increased 16%, this includes 3 ppt related to acquisitions. The remaining 13% of growth related to our continued investment in strategic initiatives such as digital enablement, safety and security, geographic expansion, and new payment flows. This was lower than expected due to the timing of certain investment initiatives, which we now expect to occur in the fourth quarter. Turning to Slide 8, let's discuss what we've seen through the first three weeks of October where each of our drivers are broadly consistent with what we saw in Q3. The numbers through October 21 are as follows. Starting with switched volume we saw global growth of 15%, down 1 ppt from Q3. In the U.S., our switched volume grew 11% down 1 ppt sequentially in part due to lower PIN debit growth. Switched volume outside the U.S. grew 19% similar to the third quarter. Globally, switched transaction growth was 20% similar to the third quarter. With respect to cross border, our volumes grew 16% globally, down 1 ppt. So as we close out 2019, our business continues to perform well as we have had another solid quarter featuring several new and renewed deals, as Ajay just mentioned, as well as strong services revenue. Consumer spending remains healthy with some moderation versus year ago as expected. In terms of net revenues, on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions, we now expect to grow at the high end of the low-teens rate for the year, up slightly from prior expectations. Acquisitions will add about a half a ppt to this revenue growth for the year. In addition, due to the stronger U.S. dollar, we now expect FX to be a 3 ppt headwind to revenue for the year. For our operating expenses on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items, we continue to expect growth at the high end of high-single digits for the year. On the same basis for the fourth quarter, we expect growth in the high single-digits range versus a year ago. Acquisitions will add about 3 ppt to OpEx growth for the year and 6 ppt to the fourth quarter, primarily related to purchase accounting and integration-related costs. In addition, we expect FX will be a tailwind to OpEx of about 2 ppt for the year and 1 ppt for Q4. And now just a quick comment on acquisitions. Overall, our acquisitions are progressing well and our approach towards managing them has not changed. We expect them to breakeven within 24 months of close, after which the acquisition is included in the base and the respective manager responsible for delivering on the revenue and earnings growth targets within that context. As a reminder, Q3 other income and expense included some one-time benefits that are not expected to recur in Q4 and investment income has been trending down due to lower interest rates. In terms of the non-GAAP tax rate for the year, we now expect it to be approximately 18% due to the discrete tax benefits taken year-to-date. With that, let me turn the call back to Warren to begin the Q&A session.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thanks, Sachin. Melissa, we're now ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal from Barclays. Your line is open.
Warren Kneeshaw: Let's go to the next one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: Hey, thanks guys, nice trends again. Can you just first start off talking a bit more about the cross-border trends continue to hold up well? We're hearing a lot of questions macro-wise, but it seems like it's not really affecting you. So first, maybe a little more granularity of what you're actually seeing there. And then quickly on the expense side, again, it beat us, and I know you mentioned some one-time items, Sachin, just what are your thoughts on the growth profile? Is it consistently like modeling wise high single-digit the right way to think about it?
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Darrin. And let me take that. I'll take the cross-border question first. So, what we're seeing from a cross-border standpoint is very much in line with our expectations. We continue to see double-digit growth across most of our regions, and we continue to actually expect mid-teens growth for the full year 2019. They drill down a little bit more into it, what we're seeing is that U.S. inbound and outbound cross border volumes are very much in line sequentially, China cross border growth continues to be also stable in that low double-digits range. Europe continues its strong trends there The fintech leadership position that we've got in Europe and in particularly in the U.K. as well as our commercial travel programs are too particularly strong contributors that we're seeing here. So all in all, actually, what I tell you from a cross-border fence standpoint, in line with our expectations, we continue to believe that we'll deliver mid-teens growth for the full year of 2019 and really things look pretty good. On your question as it relates to expenses, you're right, in Q3, the expenses did come in lower than our expectations. We now expect that those expenses will be incurred in Q4 as per what I just shared with you. Holistically, what I would tell you is that for operating expenses, on a full year basis, we continue to believe that we'll be at the high end of high single digits very much in line with what we've shared with you previously as well.
Warren Kneeshaw: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tien-tsin Huang: Hi, good morning, good results. The services line, you mentioned Sachin was better than expected, so what can you give us a little bit more on what surprise to the upside and maybe some guidance on the growth from here in the short and mid-term. Thank you.
Sachin Mehra: Sure, Tien-tsin. So, yes, you're right. Services came in stronger than expected. We had, you know, good performance across both our cyber and intelligence solutions as well as our data and services solutions. The one thing I'll remind you about services is they tend to be lumpy. Quarter to quarter depending on the customer deals which we've signed and those which we've executed on, the number is kind of -- move around based on how the execution plans are going on in that. All in all, the performance in services continues to be strong. We've had a couple of, what I would say, stronger than expected quarters between Q2 and Q3 but nothing other than that that I would report as being unusual. There is very good receptivity for the capabilities that we're putting out into the market. As you heard Ajay talk in the script, he mentioned about how some of the wins we've had recently have been enabled by what we deliver from a services capability standpoint and you're seeing all of that manifest itself in the numbers coming through right now.
Warren Kneeshaw: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis from MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Lisa Ellis: Hi, good morning, Ajay and Sachin. I had a question about the investments in more sort of strategic or the holistic question around fast ACH. One topic that doesn't get a lot of attention when it comes to fast ACH or push payments more broadly, it is around fraud, which I imagine [Technical Difficulty] on the poor payment side like what we're accustomed to with card payments. Can you just talk about as you're building out VocaLink and now it's like what's the nature of fraud exactly when it comes to fast ACH and how do you think that or how do you differentiate versus other providers? Thank you.
Ajay Banga: Hi, Lisa. Your voice came and went a little bit in between but I got the idea that you are checking on fraud to do with fast ACH as compared to cards is very different. So my -- the first thing is if you get invoice fraud, that kind of happens as part of the game. You get not just the payment fraud, you invoicing fraud as well. So it's kind of got two sides to the story in commercial payments and one of the things that we can do using AI and machine learning is we can help with both aspects of that transaction, the presenter of that invoice to be accurate, being able to search through the invoices they are getting, to be able to find and track invoices that don't fit the pattern or don't fit the trend you should be getting and as well as on the payment side. And then, of course, you get the opportunity for managing authorization levels and approval authorities and the like inside a corporation as well with the tools we can build. And then there's the bigger picture, which is the one we talked about, which is around anti-money laundering at a level in a market as a whole in VocaLink's case in the U.K., because we see so many of the transactions, principally all of the transactions in the U.K. I think once we get P27 and Nets done in the Nordics, that will be the same case there as well as in the Philippines and others. We can actually apply these AI tools to find pockets of money mules and nodes of money movement that you cannot easily find otherwise. Of course, the Holy Grail here would be to be able to connect us across markets, so we can find anti-money laundering trends that also are happening cross border and cross markets. Those are harder because as you know ACH has tended to be whether batch or real-time has tended to be country by country. And so, it's a little more difficult to, to get the cross-border trends as of now.
Lisa Ellis: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harshita Rawat from Bernstein. Your line is open.
Harshita Rawat: Hi, good morning. Sachin, a question in switched transactions [Technical Difficulty] nicely from last quarter and it's probably the strongest we have seen in many quarters. So can you talk about the drivers there in terms of increasing contactless penetration as you noted, but also grade [Technical Difficulty] change of transaction side [Technical Difficulty]? And also, how does the contactless rollout in the U.S. impact this in 2020 and beyond?
Sachin Mehra: Yes, thanks, Harshita. You're right. Switched transaction growth continues to be moving along at a healthy pace and there are a few factors which are kind of impacting that. There's certainly the adoption of contactless payments globally. We are seeing good strength in markets in Europe. We're seeing good strength in Canada and in market strength in Australia, but also in the U.S., right. So with the recent launch of contactless payments in the transit systems particularly in the New York area, you were starting to see good adoption come through both from a acceptance standpoint, but also from a card issuance standpoint. So that's kind of one facet which is contributing to switched transaction growth, but I would remind everyone here that besides contactless payments, the fact that we have market share gains and those market share gains are occurring in markets where we have more switching taking place, it is also a contributing factor to our switched transaction growth. And then the final piece, which I'll mention is, as we are working actively to win more switching from what was previously being done on domestic switches, case in point as what Ajay mentioned as it relates to the work bidding in Indonesia, those are all contributing factors which are helping with this trajectory from a switched transaction growth standpoint.
Ajay Banga: We are now seeing about 56-odd percent [ph] of our transactions. And that's up from 40-something percent 5, 10 years ago. And that's a very conscious effort to see more transactions so we can do more with them in the form of our services business as well, as well as increase our relevance domestically in each country. Once you start seeing more transactions, you're playing a better role in the transaction flow of that marketplace.
Harshita Rawat: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal from Barclays. Your line is open.
Ramsey El-Assal: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about B2B payments. And the addressable market there has been large for so long and it feels like the ecosystem is gaining momentum and you guys have launched track. What has constrained B2B broadly speaking before and what is changing now? What factors are changing now that are allowing you guys to go after it more aggressively?
Sachin Mehra: Yes, Ramsey, it's Sachin. I'll take that one. So he're what I'd tell you. I'd say, you've got to think about B2B payments in the context of things which we, as a network, have been doing for some time now, which is addressing them at the point of sale because there are business to business payments we take just at the point of sale, which is our traditional commercial business which has been growing at a healthy clip [ph] and has been any decent revenue contributor over many years. This is our typical T&E products, our small business propositions, our Bcard [ph] products. And then there is in the accounts payable space, which is the opportunity which has and historically been penetrated in a meaningful manner. But over the last four or five years, starting with our merchant card capabilities, we've been making good advances out there. All of that still happens to be on card rails related to payments. The problem statement in B2B actually extends beyond just moving money from point A to point B. It's also about delivering data effectively between the buyer and the seller of goods and services. And as we go down the path of our Mastercard Track capabilities, you will see that a lot of what we are doing in addition to delivering payments is enabling more seamless transmission of data to allow for better reconciliation of those payments. So it's about creating the right ecosystem to be able to capture the data, transmit the data, and deliver it in a manner where the use or the receiver money can apply that data in a useful manner. So that's what things like Track do. So that's kind of one piece you should think about. The other piece comes around the importance of safety and security in B2B payments. And as we've been building new services capabilities in the safety and security space, it will be -- what will help us, also expand the B2B universe. The bottom-line is the following. This will take some time. There is an ecosystem which has got to be built out. There is capabilities which we have invested in and continue to invest in, we will be able to to rollout. Like, the point really is, it's not just about the payment. It's much more than the payment when you think about B2B payments. And then there's real-time payments, which comes into play. Everything I've spoken about right now relates to cards and data. But as we go into the real-time payment universe you will see things like payment and delivery. It's a B2B solution. We just announced that we are piloting that with PNC. That is about leveraging our multi-real strategy to participate in those accounts payable also well beyond cards.
Warren Kneeshaw: Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Huff from Stephens. Your line is open.
Brett Huff: Good morning and congrats on the nice results. Can you guys embellish a little bit on the Mastercard Track? It's sort of interesting you said that there is an ecosystem that needed to be built out, I think you were referring specifically to that. This is a product that we've been particularly focused on. Can you tell us kind of where we are there in terms of signing people up and when we kind of reached the tipping point for when that growth -- we can see that growth really start to take off?
Ajay Banga: Brett, it's Ajay. I think this is not an easy answer that will be done in your x month or y year. This is a [indiscernible]. I think of in the consumer payments space where are all the network plays is to create that ecosystem. Start with a directory. Basically, merchants and consumers are two sides of a directory. We need such a directory in B2B payments connecting millions of buyers with millions of sellers. Mastercard Track has got a directory of 200-plus million businesses on it. There is still more to be added. It's been a fragmented system across many countries with many different players. Bringing it together and making it less fragmented is a job that will take years before it actually gets to fruition in its full form. But then you can start building with what you've got. And inside that, we are building with it a set of payments optimization engine on multi-rails. So the buyer and the seller can decide whether they want credit or they want to pay in advance and/or a frac of the bill or they want pay later. All that comes out of that optimization engine. And for buyers and sellers to understand that and to begin to incorporate that, remember, we are not talking big companies here. Those guys are very sophisticated in what they do. Just the big mass of middle market and small businesses that actually need help on this front. And then there's the whole issue of what Sachin talked about, the information and the richness of the data that enables reconciliation of payments to be much more seamless. That's a fairly large tasks and they aren't as easy as connecting points and switching people on. You've got to find your way through all these aspects. So we are working our way through it. So when you see us launching a B2B Hub in the U.S., and I think more banks and other companies into it, those are buyers' agents and sellers' agents, you can see us getting scale by adding more people there. Similarly, in Australia, we launched the B2B Hub with what was MYOB and there's more coming into that that's all part of getting scale. So, as I said often, we are doing a lot of things in this space. You should think of this as a two-, three-, four-year effort to get to scale and size. And that's what we are investing in it.
Brett Huff: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Donat from Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open.
Christopher Donat: Hi, good morning. I had a question about click-to-pay or secure remote commerce. I'm just wondering as you move from the soft launch that's going on now to the more serious launch in 1Q 2020, can we expect a big uplift in marketing spend or will this be sort of within the context of your typical marketing efforts?
Ajay Banga: Yes, I mean, we'll play that a little bit by ear as we normally do with an event like this. I think you'll see us do some spending on marketing because, we are keen to get this established, but we're going to start the marketing in a bigger way when there is enough distribution off the button and enough merchants, so that the marketing dollar we'll spend is spent well amortized over many merchants. So I don't know that will be a 1Q event. You might see it later in the year. It just depends on the pace of installation of this button through our distribution partners. You heard me talk about FIS an RDN and global payments and Stripe and others like that, and of course, through all the efforts, we as an industry make directly as well.
Warren Kneeshaw: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citi. Your line is open.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Hi, Ajay. Hi, Sachin. So the question is could you shed more color on the health care unit announcement from yesterday that primarily a formalization of capabilities you already had because I thought you're already doing some of the analytics and billing work there. And more broadly, clearly, healthcare is an important quarter call [ph], but should we expect more of a verticalized push, I noticed here in Vegas, you guys have a major presence not only at Money 2020, but also at the digital health event.
Ajay Banga: Hey, what happens in Vegas should stay in Vegas, so [indiscernible]. You're making it on a public call for God's sake, I don't know. Okay. I'm just kidding. So yes, healthcare, so yes, we participate in healthcare through Flexible Spending Account and healthcare saving account, and Health Reimbursement arrangement and all those three-letter acronyms that we've got in the U.S. around health care payments for consumers to the cards, we do those. And you will see us continuing our effort to gain share in that space because that's kind of a lower hanging fruit in the healthcare space to take away one of the pain points in the healthcare payment and reimbursement system. But it's only one. There are plenty more. And the real issue we're trying to do with this announcement is to show you that we are beginning work on those other pain points. We've got a few clients already who have worked with us over the last six months to one year on some of these topics. They include providers like hospital systems. They include payers like individual sort of the insurance companies. And what we are trying to do is to systematize that and make that a business opportunity for our company and take our analytics as well as our payment capability and apply it across this very obvious paint point industry in the United States. For the time being, it's U.S.-centric. So to give you examples, we are talking about getting into what we call a patient payment assurance, which is really predictive analytics to enable the hospital, the provider, the doctor in it to get more effective billing strategies that are tailored to the kind of patient they're getting. So if you look at segment patients basing on payment burden, on individual payment behaviors, and you would develop new billing strategies customized to that patient's unique profile. The second one is to use AI and machine learning to detect suspicious claims and if you go to the insurance companies, they will tell you that fighting suspicious claims is one of the most important things, that's why you as a consumer very often get these detailed inquiries from your insurer, which gets you to be unhappy. All they are trying to do is to fight the issue of suspicious claims. And again, we can help new providers reduce on-boarding risk. We can monitor provide behavior and risk levels. We can manage daily transaction fraud risk in real-time. That's kind of what we do in the payments business. That's why our cyber and intelligence business are growing well. I think we can apply the same knowledge and capability to this marketplace. And then thirdly, we are focusing on data security. And there, the idea is, to use bio-metrics which will allow patients to be identified better and of course behavioral analytics to protect health information. So it's through mobile access being authenticated better to access [ph] the accounts and call centers and patient portals auto-detect cyber threats in real time, so we can lower operational investigative costs, those are examples. So think of us as taking our current capability in payments and data, adapting into the need of a specific sort of vertical called healthcare, both for payers and for providers, and then finding a way to get that into distribution. That's the real task. We will get it out there with enough providers and with enough payers. That's the work we are undertaking now and probably what you heard in Vegas.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thanks, Ajay. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Fandetti from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Don Fandetti: So, Ajay, interesting comments on the Citi renewal around Treasury and trade solutions. Just wanted to get your sense on how B2B is really impacting negotiations with issuers on renewals, and then kind of makes me think out loud that, if you look at digital and B2B, the integration is becoming deeper and things like switches are much more unlikely going forward. And then will we see any type of impact to the economics, whether it's rebates, etc., or will it not really be visible to us what's going on behind the scenes on B2B?
Ajay Banga: Yes, so, I mean, I wouldn't conclude that the Citi deal renewing the consumer aspect of 2029 including small business, I wouldn't conclude that that deal had economics from the B2B aspect of our relationship built into it. That's not what I said. What I said was we renewed the Citi consumer deal for 2029 exclusive for Citi branded cards both consumer debit and small business. We are continuing our partnership with the trade services business on things like the Mastercard payments gateway. And frankly, a bunch of other things that I haven't even talked about and as part of our B2B payments, including what we are going to do with real-time payments and cross-border possibilities with the company. Your question is deeper. Your question is that, does this help us go to institutions with a more holistic discussion? I think Don, as you recall from your days even in other institutions, it depends a little bit how well-stitched together their org structure is. In a number of the larger banks around the world, the institutional client group, the corporate banking business tends to be isolated from the consumer group. In others, they don't. And so, in some institutions, they started coming together in portions of it like in acquiring or in a payment gateway and others they're quite distinct. Commercial cards tend to be in one space. Corporate T&E cards [indiscernible] while consumer tends to be in the other. That is kind of how these institutions are run. And so, there is a opportunity over time for us to stitch together our improving B2B capabilities with our consumer capabilities. Certainly, the institutions look at it holistically, but over time, even as others as they come together. And clearly, at the right level of management, we do that all the time. So if you talk to the CEO or the CFO of somebody up at that level -- Mike Corbat was at our office the other day, obviously, we're discussing all aspects of Citi because he cares deeply about the whole of Citi's P&L and that's how it should be. So I wouldn't conclude right now that this has made so much progress that you will be able to get insights that are different in them. It's kind of like two efforts going alone in the company.
Don Fandetti: Thank you.
Ajay Banga: But your point about will it make switching harder, I don't know. We'll see. By gentle belief is that the more you do with an institution, the more your value is visible to that institution. And that's kind of how we've approached it. And if you have value that you bring, whether it's a merchant or a bank or a telco or a government, they will tend to be more thoughtful on their transactions with you.
Don Fandetti: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Napoli from William Blair. Your line is open.
Robert Napoli: Thank you and good morning. The -- just want to dig a little deeper into the services business and the organic growth of that business and then what -- and I know you mentioned, Ajay, that data and cyber in particular were strong this quarter and then what you're looking to add to that additionally through the M&A side?
Ajay Banga: Bob, the organic growth is great. I mean, I'll give you an anecdotal example but Applied Predictive Technologies, APT is the company that helped us understand what it can do on Test and Learn through their patented [ph] processes, which we've now put into almost all our data and services business. We actually did revenue bookings in them in one month, a few months ago which is equal to what we did in the year we bought them. That gives you a sense of the multiplier factor that a good business with outstanding people can get through the distribution that we can give them and the link to our client base that they we can provide. That's the -- we bought them and then we've grown them organic. So there's that going on. The same is true of new data and what we now call NuDetect. So they get bought as inorganic. Then they get merged into us and then it becomes part of our organic base two years later then it's basically being put through our distribution system to get access to much larger scale. And then we keep adding capabilities into that business through our own team of AI and machine learning and data scientist people who can help us build out the repertoire that that company is willing and capable of offering. Where do you see us doing more of this? Well, as I've said, sometimes we are very keen to continue to expand in everything we do with cyber security and predictive modeling of that space. I continue to believe that digital identity, cyber security, identifying fraudulent transactions, the capacity to identify people correctly companies correctly you you heard me say that on the B2B payment answer a little while ago, that's going to be very important. Similarly, loyalty and rewards, and we've added scale to that and we continue to build that out as part of our managed services business. I continue to believe that to be an area where you will see us focusing. You will see us focusing on anything that can help us with AI and data analytics as we go back. These are to me all important spaces in services as distinct from what we might want to do in real-time payments and B2B. I think that's the kind of space you'll see us focusing on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Friedman from Susquehanna. Your line is open.
James Friedman: Hi, thank you for taking my question. Sachin, in your prior answer, I thought that the inference was that there are some services pull through from B2B. I want to make sure that that was right. You mentioned safety and security and you mentioned Mastercard Track. Is that true that that's a place that where we would see B2B being populated? And I just -- I'm going to try it. So you reported 34% FX-neutral in other revenue. Is that a good proxy for services or is that too simple? Thank you.
Sachin Mehra: Yes. So I'll take the second part of your question first. And I think I need a clarification on your first question. But on the second part, other revenues does comprise services-related revenues. But services revenues also show up in our transaction processing fees. So I think, you've just got to be careful about assuming that there is a one-to-one correlation between other revenues, and our services revenue. Other revenues has other stuff going on in there as well. So that's kind of point one. On the 30% growth rate; about 4 points of that, like I said, came from acquisitions, and then the remaining 30% came from a whole bunch of activity, primarily driven by the strong growth we've seen in our services capabilities both on deal and services as well as on our cyber and intelligence solutions. And Jimmy, I want to make sure I got the first question right. What exactly were you asking? I wasn't sure I quite understood that.
James Friedman: Yes, I was trying to figure out is just simply put is services showing up in the B2B ecosystem because it -- maybe I was exaggerating but it seemed like in the answer to one of your prior questions you had suggested there might be some pull through there.
Sachin Mehra: Yes, well -- it's like AML and the money laundering product. That will -- as a B2B solution and that's a service in terms of data analytics, right Ajay?
Ajay Banga: Yes. And again, if you go back to what we've articulated previously as part of our strategy, which is we will participate at the infrastructure level, at the application level, and the services level. So if you think about services, that is something we will apply not only to card rails, we will also apply it to our non-card rails. The question really is where we started, which is mostly our services capabilities have been focused on servicing our customers on the card side. As we keep building out our B2B capabilities on the non-card side, that is very much going to be a focus area where we go from a services capability standpoint.
James Friedman: Thank you.
Warren Kneeshaw: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave [ph] from Baird. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, hey guys, this is just kind of a high-level simplistic question, but last year, revenue growth kind of organic constant currency revenue growth was actually the weakest in Q4, so you have quite an easy comp in Q4 this year. Are there any call outs to think of last year that might or might not make this Q4 '19 actually be the fastest growth given the easy comp on last year?
Ajay Banga: So, Dave, as I said in my opening remarks, no more real color I'm going to give you as it relates to specifics on revenue growth for Q4. We did mention that we believe our net revenue growth for the full year will now come in at the high end of the low-teens rate, which is up slightly to what we had previously shared. And look, it's business as usual, right. There's lots of puts and takes, which take place as it relates to how our revenues are growing. I think the bottom line, which I would leave you with is the following. The driver growth continues to remain strong and that's across the board, it's true for GDV, it's true for our cross-border. It's true for switched transactions. It's true for our other revenue line item. That's point number one. Point number two is, we did talk to you a couple of weeks ago or about a month ago at our Investor Community Day and, well, I'm not updating our three-year outlook at this point in time. We did mention to you at that point in time that we still expect our three-year outlook to be as what we mentioned at our Investor Day. So look, I mean, the bottom line I would tell you is the following, we are running the business to make sure we're driving valuables in the short, medium and long-term and that's what we'll continue to do on a going forward basis.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you.
Warren Kneeshaw: Time for one final question.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Craig Moore from Autonomous. Your line is open.
Craig Moore: Yes, good morning. Thanks. Two quick questions. First on rebates and incentives, is there anything we should be thinking about either related to the Citi renewal or the cadence of renewals next year that will influence the percentage of gross one way or another? And secondly, with regards to the acquisition of Nets, can you talk about how the Omni Billing technology will accelerate what you're already doing with transactors [ph] and Bill Pay Exchange. Thanks.
Ajay Banga: Sure, Craig. So I'll take, I'll take the question you've got as it relates to deal renewals and stuff like that. Look, I mean, I think you've got to keep in mind that the renewals which you hear about every quarter are not happening primarily within the quarter. In other words, they might close in a particular quarter but they're typically in the works for a while. So when we share with you our outlook, which is what we've shared with you both on this call for 2019, as well as the Investor Day for our three-year objectives they contemplate this level of renewal to take place. So I wouldn't call anything special out as it relates to unusual activity from our previous and incentive standpoint, all contemplated in what we shared with you in these various two forums. On your other question, as it relates to the Omni Billing solution for Net, it's a very solid capability, it is one where we see is the potential for tremendous amounts of synergies, both in terms of how we expand that capability globally as well as how we bring some of the capabilities that we will acquire at the time we close the transaction due to our Bill Pay Exchange, which we've announced in the U.S. So again, I take you back to the use case and the application layer associated with real-time payments in this instance being bill payments, sizable opportunity in a global basis. We believe we're well positioned both with our Bill Pay Exchange capability as well as with the closing of the Nets transaction with what they bring from anomaly standpoint to be able to take that and take that end mass across the globe.
Craig Moore: Thank you.
Warren Kneeshaw: Ajay, any final comments?
Ajay Banga: Yes, I was thinking of getting them -- because he was dying [ph] for a question [indiscernible]. So that is for all your questions, I'd like to wrap up with a few closing thoughts. We had another solid quarter, driven by robust business drivers and broad-based growth. We have extended significant relationship with critical partners such as Citi, Bank of America and HSBC. We are doing this while continuing to invest in our business for the long term, including our multi-rail strategy and our wide range of services. With that, thank you for your continued support of the company. And thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brandy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mastercard Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Kneeshaw, you may begin.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, Brandy. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2019 earnings call. With me today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Sachin, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a non-GAAP currency-neutral basis otherwise noted. As a reminder, starting this quarter, we have updated our non-GAAP methodology to exclude the impact of gains or losses on our equity investments. We are excluding these items as we believe this will facilitate a better understanding of our operating performance and provide a meaningful comparison of our results between periods. For the three and six months just ended, net gains of 143 million and 148 million have been excluded. Prior year periods were not restated as the impact of the change was de minimis. Our non-GAAP measures also exclude the impact of special items, which represent litigation judgments and settlements and certain one-time items. In addition, we present growth rates adjusted for the impact of foreign currency. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to GAAP reported amounts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I would like to remind everyone that today’s call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard’s future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Ajay Banga.
Ajay Banga: Thanks, Warren and good morning, everybody. So, a strong performance continued this quarter. Revenues up 15%, EPS is up 17% versus a year ago on a non-GAAP currency neutral basis as Warren just said. These results reflect the continued execution of our strategy as we invest for long term growth. On the macroeconomic environment, consumer sentiment and spending remains relatively strong, with some moderation versus 2018 as expected. We are continuing to monitor ongoing trade negotiations and other economic and geopolitical factors, which are showing signs of weighing on business sentiment in particular. In the US, we are seeing continued growth, low unemployment, healthy consumer confidence, retail sales grew 3.2% versus a year ago ex-auto, ex-gas according to our SpendingPulse estimates and that reflects some moderation from Q1 and from last year. In Europe, the outlook is mostly unchanged, as we continue to see modest growth. UK retail spending remains healthy, although it has slowed somewhat from Q1, according to our SpendingPulse estimates, and of course, the uncertainty around Brexit remains. In Asia Pacific, trade tensions continue to weigh on business sentiment, particularly in China. We are however seeing improved consumer confidence and more accommodative monetary policies in several markets there. And the outlook in Latin America continues to be mixed, as growth in markets like Brazil, Colombia and Chile are partially offset by weakness in Argentina and Mexico. Meanwhile, we continue to drive healthy double digit volume and transaction growth for Mastercard across most of our markets by successfully executing against our strategy and I'm going to give you a few examples of how we are growing our core business, diversifying our customer base and building new areas for our business. So starting with growing our core, we continue to make good progress driving growth across our credit, debit, prepaid and commercial products and we’re expanding acceptance across both physical and digital channels. We expanded a number of important issuer relationships in the credit space, including National Commercial Bank, the largest bank in Saudi Arabia, and we secured full exclusivity across their credit, debit, prepaid and commercial business along with flipping their credit portfolio. We also signed a new consumer and small business co-brand partnership in the US with House, a rapidly growing online home remodeling marketplace. And we won a 10-year exclusive co-brand credit deal with Despegar, a leading online travel agency in Latin America in five new markets across the region. As with many of our other co-brands, Despegar will integrate our loyalty program into their offering to deepen their customer engagement. In Germany, we have renewed our credit relationship with DZ Bank, the second largest retail banking group in the country and they represent hundreds of cooperative banks across the country and they will continue to issue Mastercard cards to their customers. Turning to debit. We signed an agreement in the UK with Nationwide who selected us as their business debit card provider, due to our experience in the small business space and our demonstrated expertise of working with FinTech. So Nationwide plans to launch a new business banking proposition to over 5 million small businesses in the UK early next year. In Colombia, we won an exclusive debit partnership with Scotiabank, and secured long term debit agreements with Bancolombia and Davivienda, the two largest debit issuers in the country. And in Germany, we extended our long standing partnership with the German savings bank group, Sparkassen. Collectively, these debit renewals will leverage a series of Mastercard services to help drive contactless adoption, advanced digital security and accelerate the migration of Maestro debit MasterCard. In terms of the secure remote commerce initiative, we are making good progress in June. EMVCo launched a new SRC payment icon, and technical specs. We are currently testing SRC in market with issuers and merchants. We're actively working on Mastercard’s upgrades to SRC with partners like tickets.com, Expedia Group, Saks Fifth Avenue and Norwegian Cruise Line and we expect to launch in the United States in the next few months. And then, we have developed a Mastercard digital wellness program, which will provide merchants with access to a host of technologies and resources, including a standard compliant click to pay checkout. But most importantly, added security through tokenization and AI technology, along with cyber security resources to combat online attacks. We're working with payment processors and platforms, such as worth Worldpay, Square, Adyen, Stripe and of course, our own Mastercard payment gateway services to make these unique features through the Mastercard digital wellness program available to merchants. So let me turn now to the second pillar of our strategy, where we are continuing to diversify our business by expanding across new geographies and customers. An example in India, where as you know, we're building partnerships with local retailers and issuers to help drive growth and further develop the payment ecosystem. We’re pleased to have launched an exclusive credit cobrand program with Flipkart, the largest online retailer in India. In addition, Paytm payments bank has signed a new issuance agreement with Mastercard, we’ve also established a new acquiring relationship with them to drive open loop acceptance with them in that market in India. Paytm will also be using our send capability to enable credit card bill payments. We’re leveraging assets to design unique solutions for specific verticals, such as the growing gig economy. We were selected as the network for the Lyft Direct Mastercard debit card, which provides Lyft drivers with instant access to their earnings. Collaborating with evolved bank and trust and branch who will issue Mastercard prepaid cards and will utilize Mastercard send to help their corporate customers provide interest fee pay advances to their hourly workers. And in Mexico, we partnered with Uber and DVVA to provide a new Mastercard debit card for Uber drivers. Working in the fintech space, I believe we just continue to lead there. We’ve established a series of successful partnerships with fintechs around the world who value the services we provide as well as our solution selling approach. This quarter, we signed a deal with Railsbank to bring new consumer and commercial debit card programs to market in the UK and in Brazil, we’re working with digital bank, BanQi and Via Varejo to offer a new digital prepaid card targeting their approximately 60 million customers. So now on to the third pillar of our strategy focused on building new areas for our business. We have developed and acquired, as you know, a broad set of capabilities, which together with our existing card rails allow us to differentiate our offerings, address new payment flows, and most importantly, operate as a one stop shop for our customers and let me give you a few examples. First, we recently announced a partnership with P27 Nordic Payments Platform, owned by six of the largest banks in the Nordics to provide a leading edge real time and batch multi-currency payment platform across the region. This new platform leverages our VocaLink assets, will replace the existing payments infrastructure, and provides instant and secure payments across the region. And I believe this partnership represents another milestone in our strategy to offer customer choice in the form of real time, account to account payments infrastructure, applications and services and builds on a series of wins across Latin America, Asia Pacific, and the Middle East that I've highlighted to you over the last few quarters. Second, we continue to build additional depth and scale in our cross border capabilities, which already allow us to disperse payments across bank accounts, mobile wallets and cards, all through a single API. For example, we just completed the acquisition of Transfast, which will not only enable us to service a greater number of markets and endpoints for our customers, Transfast, by the way, allows us to reach over 90% of the world population, but also provides a suite of leading compliance, assets, messaging and licensing capabilities to address many of the cross border pain points that exists today. We’re executing on our cross border strategy through a new partnership agreement with Interac in Canada, which leverages our Mastercard Send push payment capabilities to allow Canadians to send money internationally across Interac’s e-transfer platform. The National Bank of Canada will be the first issuer to launch this new international remittance solution. We’re developing new capabilities to penetrate the bill payment space, and completed the acquisition of Transactis to accelerate our go to market strategy for the Mastercard bill pay exchange. Transactis offers a unique combination of technical assets, distribution partnerships and customer relationships, which when combined with our current bill pay exchange capabilities, will allow consumers to view, manage and pay bills across multiple payment methods and channels, whether we are real time account to account payments or cardrails on your mobile banking app or through a business website. And finally, in B2B, we announced a partnership to integrate our Mastercard Track with the OpenText Supplier Portal that has buyers and suppliers in the automotive industry, streamline and digitize financial supply chain processes to increase the speed, compliance and security associated with business information, payments and financing.  So with that, let me turn the call over to Sachin for an update on our financial results and operational metrics. Sachin?
Sachin Mehra: Thanks, Ajay and good morning, everyone. So turning to page 3, you will see we continue to perform well. Here are a few highlights on a currency neutral basis and excluding both special items related to certain legal matters as well as the impact of gains and losses on the company's equity investments. Net revenue grew 15%, driven by solid momentum in our core and was slightly ahead of our expectations due to stronger services growth. Acquisitions contributed a minimal amount to net revenue in the quarter.  Total operating expenses increased 17%, which includes a 2 ppt increase related to acquisitions and a 5 ppt increase related to the differential in hedging gains and losses versus a year ago. The remaining 10% relates to our ongoing investment in strategic initiatives. Operating income and net income, each grew by 15%, reflecting our strong operating performance and each includes a 1 ppt reduction due to acquisitions. EPS was $1.89, including a $0.02 drag related to our recent acquisitions. EPS growth was 17% year-over-year, with share repurchases contributing $0.04 per share. During the quarter, we repurchased about $1.9 billion worth of stock and an additional $493 million through July 25, 2019. So let's turn to page four where you can see the operational metrics for the second quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV growth was 13% on a local currency basis, up 1 ppt from last quarter, in part due to the ramping of co-brand wins in the US, as well as fewer processing days in Q1. US GDV grew 10%, up approximately 2 ppt from last quarter with credit and debit growth of 12% and 8% respectively. Outside of the US, volume growth was 14%, up 1 ppt from last quarter. Cross border volume grew at 16% on a local currency basis, in line with expectations and driven by double digit growth in all regions.  Turning to page 5, switch transactions continue to show strong growth at 18% globally, reflecting in part the continued adoption of contactless. We saw a healthy double digit growth in switch transactions across all regions. In addition, card growth was 6%. Globally, there are 2.6 billion Mastercard and Maestro branded cards issued. Now, let's turn to page 6 for highlights on a few of the revenue line items, again described on a currency neutral basis unless otherwise noted. The 15% net revenue increase was primarily driven by strong transaction and volume growth as well as growth in our services offerings, partially offset by rebates and incentives. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items, you'll see that domestic assessments grew 13%, in line with worldwide GDV growth of 13%. Cross border volume fees grew 19% while cross border volume grew 16%. The 3 ppt difference is mainly driven by pricing, partially offset by mix. Transaction processing fees grew 15%, while switch transactions grew 18%. The difference is primarily due to mix. Finally, other revenues were particularly strong this quarter, up 24%, driven by growth in our cyber and intelligence and data and services solutions. Acquisitions contributed 2 ppt to this growth. Moving to page 7, you can see that on a currency neutral basis, excluding special items, total operating expenses increased 17%. As I just said, this includes 7 ppt related to acquisitions and the differential and hedging gains and losses versus a year ago. The remaining 10 ppt of growth relates to our continued investment in the strategic initiatives, such as digital enablement, safety and security and geographic expansion. Turning to slide 8, let's discuss what we've seen through the first three weeks of July where each of our drivers are at or slightly ahead of what we saw in Q2. The numbers through July 21 are as follows. Starting with switch volume, we saw global growth of 16%. In the US, our switch volume grew 13%, up 1 ppt from the second quarter, due to the timing of certain social security payments this quarter.  Switch volume outside the US grew 19%, also up 1 ppt, primarily driven by Europe. Globally, switch transaction growth was 19%, a sequential increase of 1 ppt, primarily driven by the US and Europe. With respect to cross border, our volumes grew 16% globally, similar to the second quarter.  Looking ahead, our expectations for 2019 are consistent with our prior estimates. We had a solid first half and we continue to grow our business, both in terms of new and renewed deals as well as with our service offerings. We continue to see healthy consumer spending, with some moderation versus year ago as expected.  In terms of net revenue, on a currency neutral basis and excluding acquisitions, we continue to expect to grow at a low-teens rate for the year. On this same basis, for the third quarter, we also expect to grow at a low-teens rate because of a sequential increase in deal activity, as well as some moderation of services growth versus a very strong Q2. We expect FX to be a 2 ppt headwind to revenue for the year and about a 1 to 2 ppt headwind for the quarter. In addition, acquisitions will add about 1 PPT to third quarter revenue growth. For operating expenses on a currency neutral basis, excluding both special items and acquisitions, we continue to expect growth at the high end of high single digits for the year. On the same basis, for the third quarter, we expect growth in the mid-teens versus a year ago due to the timing of marketing spend, which is more heavily weighted to Q3 this year, as we promote contactless usage and invest in sponsorships. Year-over-year, FX will be the tailwind to OpEx of about 1 ppt for both the year and Q3. In addition, acquisitions will add about 5 ppt to third quarter OpEx growth. As a reminder, we issued 2 billion in debt at the end of May and this will impact our interest expense run rate going forward. In terms of the tax rate, we now expect it to be approximately 19% for the year. With that, let me turn the call back to Warren to begin the Q&A session.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thanks, Sachin. Brandy, we're now ready for the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of George Mihalos with Cowen.
George Mihalos: Congrats on another strong quarter. Ajay, wanted to ask a question, you brought up contactless, obviously that's been a good driver. How long does it take when you introduce contactless or how long do you think it'll take as you introduce it in sort of a new geography to really peak up and meaningfully drive, I guess, accelerated growth.
Ajay Banga: So, contactless basically targets low value cash transactions as the first place that it kind of changes the paradigm and the speed of adoption. We've got now 10, 12 markets around the world where contactless has grown very strongly. Australia, Canada, Turkey, Poland, Hungary and the likes, UK. It depends a great deal on how many cards are in the market that are contactless enabled, combined with contactless terminals, combined with the use case for everyday payments.  So if the transport system gets contactless enabled, it tends to ramp faster. If it doesn't, it tends to ramp slower. So if you take Australia as an example, where the banks, the acquirers, and the merchant community worked really hard together on promoting contactless, it went from non-existent to being like close to 80% of all transactions, under AUD100 were contactless in four to five years after launch. It was not that case in other markets, but I'd say four, or five years to get to a really large percentage of small dollar transactions with all the effort in the market is a pretty good number.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tien-tsin Huang with JP Morgan.
Tien-tsin Huang: Good growth here again. Just -- if you don't mind, a couple of quick ones, just on the stronger services growth. Maybe, can you be more specific, you mentioned cyber and data. I'm curious if these are project related or more recurring type work. Maybe just a little bit more there and then just on the payback on your M&A, I know you gave that third quarter, look, which is helpful. Is the payback on those types of deals outside of the traditional retail card space and bill pay and et cetera? Is it different than what we've seen in the past?
Ajay Banga: Let me take a first crack and then Sachin being far more comprehensive on numbers, can probably correct me. But here we go. The first part is the services revenue, a lot of the cyber revenue has recurring competence built into it, because it involves the selling of AI and other products that are sold into banks and merchants and governments in a way that they tend to have re-utilization quarter-after-quarter. What would change is that the volumes going through then change and our revenue profile from them will obviously change, because it's not dissimilar to our current business in that as the volume goes through our cards, we earn more. That's kind of the first part.  What is improving our capability in cyber and intelligence, aside from our own efforts of developing new tools and the acquisitions of Brighterion and NuData and all the work we're doing was improving it is, we now see a much larger percentage of our transactions than we used to 10 years ago. We're now seeing 55%, 56% of our transactions, it used to be 40 something percent, every time you see more transactions, the predictive power of your AI tools improves. That's kind of the – that second part, by the way, impacts some of our data business as well. But on the C&I space, it tends to be more recurring.  The data and services space, some of them are recurring, some of them are one-off projects. Sachin referred to the fact that you should expect that the third quarter in services maybe a little slower in growth than the second quarter, primarily caused by the fact that the 2Q had enormous growth rates. But part of that is lapping of our comparison to prior, where part of that is some projects in part of our business, like in D&I. So that’s kind of the – D&S sorry, these acronyms confuse me, the data business. And so you've got a mix inside our business where the cyber business is more recurring, the data businesses are fairly high proportional recurring, but it does have some project related work.
Sachin Mehra: Yeah. And Tien-tsin, I'll just add to that. So like Ajay said, right, so in the second quarter, this number moves around quarter-to-quarter. As you've seen, even last year, in the first quarter of last year, we had very strong services growth take place. And that's a little bit of function of what are the projects, which are being delivered in a particular quarter, which caused for things to move between quarter and quarter. And that's particularly on the advisor side. So I would tell you in the second quarter, our advisors growth came in slightly stronger, which could be what -- in line with what Ajay said on the consulting side of our business. On the second part of your question on M&A, look, I mean, we've shared with you what we think the dilutive impact will be for the acquisitions, which have been completed -- the couple of things which I’ll remind you is the acquisitions have closed during the course of the second quarter. There's one acquisition, which is Transfast, which closed early in the third quarter. So all of that has been taken into consideration, as we think about forward outlook for acquisitions.  We continue to expect that our acquisitions will be dilutive between $0.07 and $0.08 in 2019, and as it relates to the revenue profile, these acquisitions are across different lines of what we do. So for example, the acquisition of Ethoca, which is in the safety and security space, will follow a little bit more, from a revenue model standpoint, along the lines of what Ajay just described.  Then there are other businesses such as Transactis, which is in the bill payment space, where it's a function of what kind of engagement volume we get of, those resentments coming into the business and how we charge on the basis of that. So that'll be more in the nature of per bill presented, what kind of transaction fees we charge on those bills.
Ajay Banga: Nothing has changed in our basic M&A philosophy, which is two philosophies remain. One being, we try and make sure the dilution stops by year two, and therefore becomes accretive in the third year. Secondly, remember that by the second year, the businesses embedded in the core of whatever business they are running, and therefore we don't do a next acquisition after the second year, which means that discipline on buying something and making it work for you by the end of the second year is now fairly strongly embedded in every business line in the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: I have a question on Europe. The growth in the region continues to remain robust and has been for some time. Could you talk about how long you expect that to persist, because I know you've had some fintech wins and Maestro conversions that have helped. And then maybe you could also speak to any visible impacts from Brexit.
Ajay Banga: Sanjay, I've been saying this since the day I became CEO that Europe is a growth market for our company, it's now almost 10 years, I see no reason to change that prediction. Europe is a cash dominant market in large parts of the continent even now and therefore the opportunity to convert cash in personal payments remains strong and healthy. To give you an example, just in quarter one of 2019, that's the first quarter this year, we grew merchant acceptance locations in Europe by 10% over the prior year first quarter. And so this is not a developed payments market in the sense -- having said that, the Nordics are, so don’t get me wrong, I'm talking about most of Continental Europe has got enormous opportunity for growth, as yet. There is market share growth as well, which is share growth, not just against our large global competitors, but also against local national schemes, all of whom are finding it hard to keep pace with technology, innovation, and regulation trends.  And therefore, they tend to come to us for help and assistance that allows us to get a stronger foothold even in their businesses. And so, and this is all about commercial and B2B. And there's yet another space in the SME and B2B space in Europe that we are growing. So, fintechs, yes, of course, regular banks, yes of course. That's the share growth angle. But just think in terms of cash and acceptance and B2B payments, there's an enormous opportunity, even now in Europe, and I remain very bullish on what Europe is capable of doing. I forgot to answer the Brexit impact for Sanjay. And not sing directly yet, I mean, it's interesting, the UK still remains a market where people seem to be spending and growth in spending remains healthy. So I can't tell you that I'm seeing direct impact there. But guess what, the currency is volatile. Obviously, you expect that as we get closer to October 31. If there isn't clarity, you're going to get more volatility in the market. But consumer spending is still healthy, inbound and outbound cross border flows, pretty interesting yet still, I think in fact, inbound is stronger than outbound. But, the UK still remains an attractive market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs.
Jim Schneider: I was wondering if you could maybe just comment on the -- what you did before relative to transactional process growth. It seems like the big drivers there have been, first of all, the move to contactless, but also the reduction in Maestro cards. Can you maybe just kind of give us a sense about whether there's any reason to believe that level of growth in the high teens is not sustainable from here, since it's pretty much at the highest level it's been in, I think, the last five or six years.
Ajay Banga: Yeah, so Jim, I'll take that one. I think you should think about our switch transaction growth across the vectors, which you just spoke about, which is, as we continue to drive contactless adoption, that's going to be a helpful fact in terms of driving growth on switch transactions. The other piece is obviously the migration, which we're doing from Maestro to debit MasterCard, which should be helpful. What we should also remain focused on is, you'll see, over the years, the percentage of switch transactions for MasterCard, as a company, has increased. And that continues to remain a focus area for us, which is how do we continue to engage to drive more switching over our network, vis-à-vis that of local schemes. So all of these factors are helpful facts in terms of driving the switch transaction growth. Those are things, which I would keep a close eye on as it relates to what the trajectory of growth would look like on a going forward basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson.
Lisa Ellis: Ajay, I wanted to follow up on your call out to that Mastercard signed an issuing agreement with Paytm in India. It seems like we're seeing an increasing number of examples of this, where these digital wallets are issuing debit cards against the balances, which seems like a pretty significant competitive shift in the environment relative to a couple of years ago, where many of these players would have been at least aspiring to compete with MasterCard. So can you talk about this competitive dynamic? Has it in fact shifted like this? Are you seeing this more broadly across the developing markets and how is working with these players little bit different than your traditional banking customers?
Ajay Banga: So Lisa, a lot of these guys, at the end of the day, some of them start out by trying to find a way to use bank account to account rails as a way of generating payments. The factors are in so many markets around the world, debit interchange or the MDRs are regulated. And therefore, the economic benefit of going account to account versus going on a debit card has changed quite dramatically over the last decade. And it used to be a one or two market incident of regulation that’s spread quite far on debit, a lot of the Asian markets, India, as an example, has regulated debit card MDRs. And therefore, the benefits, the economic benefits have moved around, as they have in the US where debit interchange is regulated. And so -- and that economic benefit has changed. The tonality of the conversation has changed vis-à-vis, card rails versus account to account rails.  Meanwhile, we, ourselves as a company, have adopted the view that offering choice to consumers and merchants and customers about both account to account and card is a good idea. And that's why the investments is VocaLink, that’s why the investments in building out infrastructure with real time payments in the Nordics or in parts of Asia and parts of Latin America or in the Middle East Africa region and that's why all our efforts to build applications and services on top of real time payment rails as well. I believe out over the next decade, you will see more and more of us being sort of rail agnostic, if that's what our customers and consumers and merchants prefer. Because I believe that's the best way to cater to the changing payments landscape.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch: You'd kind of talked a little bit about the acquisitions and there are a number of them. What might be different about this round of acquisitions that there are more platform, I guess, than perhaps just getting a specific amount of revenues and maybe could you just talk a little bit about how you think they factor in kind of over the course of the next several years.
Ajay Banga: First of all, I would say, most of our acquisitions, even over the past few years, have been platform oriented or in a couple of cases oriented towards skill sets we didn't have. So years ago, we bought a company called C-SAM, which gave us access to 450 mobile technology engineers, which would have been quite a challenge to hire organically. But the majority of our deals, be it merchant loyalty programs or Pinpoint from Australia or these last ones have all been platform or some service oriented of that time. So take Applied Predictive Technologies of the data and services space, that gave us a testing and learning platform or take NuData that gave us AI platforms for cyber security.  So I'd say most of our acquisitions tend to connect back to wanting to be the owner of a platform, so we can add into what we have, and then sell as a bundled service in our system. That's kind of what we're trying to do. So, I don't see these as being dramatically different on that logic. I think what's getting interesting is that we're seeing more deal flow than we ever did, you've always seen a lot of deals and picked one or two or three out of 20, 30. We see many more deals in the last two years than we saw in the first five years. I think part of that is they're seen as a credible acquirer, who tries to develop the company we acquire and stitch it into the kind of businesses we have and then give people opportunities to grow in a career growth.  So we’re not seen as an acquirer who comes in to plant the Mastercard way of doing things. I would tell you the things like APT and NuData and Brighterion have taught us a great deal that we didn't even know before we bought them. So I think that benefiting enormously from our acquisitions, both culturally for our mother company, but also in the cross flow successes between the two of them. I don't see that as very different for an Ethoca or a Transactis or a Transfast or a Wise. I can see all of these having similar patterns.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Napoli with William Blair.
Bob Napoli: A question on B2B payments. Ajay, you'd mentioned that you haven't even scratched the surface internationally. I was wondering if you could maybe, Sachin, give an update on trends in that business in the US, growth rates, any signs of acceleration, the AP automation piece, and is there -- is the international market far behind the US in the growth of B2B payments.
Sachin Mehra: Yeah. So our B2B business, Bob, as you know, you should think about as things we've been doing for many, many years on the commercial side, catering to the small business universe, the T&E side of the business, our fleet card management side of the business, that business continues to grow well. There still remains a lot of opportunity from a secular shift standpoint, I would tell you, in that part of the business. We continue to grow that nicely. We've got some very solid platforms, which you're familiar with, which support the growth of that commercial business. The more recent stuff, which we've done as it relates to the B2B hub, again, we're seeing good interest from our customers in that. So like we said previously, those things take time, the adoption curve on those things is something which is a multi-year adoption curve process, but still shows a lot of promise because it's solving pain points in the business. Then I think about the new and different stuff. For example, we announced just in Ajay’s comments earlier today, we talked about the partnership we've established for our Mastercard track capabilities with OpenText, again, early days, but shows a lot of promise because it's solving the real pain points on the B2B side as it relates to compliance and onboarding of customers, in this instance, in the automotive segment. So, I think you should think about our B2B business across multiple spectrums, this business we've been in, which continues to grow healthily, which delivers revenue right now. There's other businesses we've invested in over the last few years, which are starting to show good trajectory and traction. And then there are other new things which we're doing such as Mastercard track, which are just getting going, which will pay off over the longer term, and not much has changed in terms of our views on the opportunity there, both in the US as well as from a global market standpoint.
Bob Napoli: Is the international market further behind the US market? I would imagine the opportunities are –
Sachin Mehra: Yeah. Bob, the answer to that question is yes. The answer to that question is clearly yes. We announced last quarter, our partnership with [indiscernible] for example, in Australia, that would be an example of again, taking the lead from what we did in to the B2B hub in the US and taking it overseas for an opportunity, which exists there as well. This quarter, we talk about our agreement with Nationwide, which is primarily taping towards the small business space in in Europe. Again, a big opportunity there. So I think the answer really is yes, things typically start up in the US and there's opportunity globally on this as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jason Kupferberg: Just one for Sachin and one for Ajay. I'm just starting on the domestic assessment, it looked like the revenue growth there decelerated about 300 points in constant currency. So just wanted to get some color on the drivers there and maybe what moving parts we should be considering for the second half in that revenue line. And then maybe Ajay, if you can just go a little further on SRC now that we're getting closer to actually live implementations. What's the plan in terms of educating consumers there? Will we see actual targeted advertising kind of like what we had seen historically with Masterpass?
Sachin Mehra: So Jason, I'll take the first one, domestic assessments, you’re right, they grew at 13% this quarter, in line with our GDP growth rate of 13%. That's down sequentially from a 16% domestic assessments growth rate in Q1. That is primarily due to the lapping of certain pricing that was put in place last year. And from a trajectory standpoint, you would continue to see the pricing effect of that marginally come down as the year progresses.
Ajay Banga: And the part of SRC, yeah, once we get the testing completed and we get the current Masterpass merchant uploaded into SRC and we start rolling SRC out for the broader marketplace, you will probably see the whole industry making substantial effort, banks, networks, acquirers making substantial efforts on marketing and promotion to get consumers used to the idea of the fact that this one button has the simplicity of checkout that you would expect in today's digital world, you would see that coming, but I'm talking it’s still a few months away before that kind of stuff starts.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.
Don Fandetti: Ajay, on cross border, can you parse out a little bit the different trends in e-commerce versus T&E in terms of growth? And then just a follow up on the commercial? I know there's been some talk in the industry that maybe it's been a little bit or some concerns around growth in commercial, can you just clarify how you're feeling on commercial spend overall?
Ajay Banga: I’m getting good on commercial spend overall. So that part is exactly where Sachin just answered. The part about cross border, e-commerce, cross border growth is in the high double digits, high teens kind of thing. And that's a good number for us. If you remember, it’s stronger, because you remember the whole crypto currency purchases, stuff that we talked about, well, that’s lapped. So, some part of the cross border growth improvement quarter-over-quarter is the lapping of the cryptocurrency effect that you saw back in 2018. And that's the real benefit we're getting out of that. The travel kind of expense, cross border tourism, by and large, cross border tourism is still alive and well. You would find changes in where people are going, so take China. In China, cross border growth from Chinese card holders is actually up this quarter over the prior quarter. But it's primarily due to increased travel, not just to where it began to happen, which is Japan and Australia. But this quarter, you’re seeing some travel to Europe, to Germany, to Canada, to the United States as well. And that goes in and out, depending on which quarter and what's going on. But by and large, travel, tourism is still intact, doing okay.
Sachin Mehra: And I'll just add right here, which is we continue to see double digit growth in cross border volumes across all regions and for full year 2019, we continue to expect cross border growth rates to be in the mid-teens.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane: Hi guys, just want to ask about Ajay your comment about now seeing 55 or so percent of transactions that you guys are switching, can you just talk a little bit about where that percentage can go over time. Obviously, there's an economic lift there for you as well. Maybe you can talk about that throughout the model, maybe higher yields and then it sounds like it pushes services revenues higher. So just thinking about the different implications there.
Ajay Banga: What I can tell you is I expect 55% to keep growing, but I'm not going to be able to tell you what number I expect this year, next year, the year after. The reason for its continuing growth, there are multiple reasons. One reason is that local payment schemes that I was mentioning struggling to keep pace with innovation technology with cyber security, with regulations, and that gives opportunities for companies like ours to come in part or happened to show that our transactions are protected or better service to have more analytics behind them and that allows us to grow.  That's happening all across Europe as an example. It also happens when regulatory environments change, like some years ago, they changed in Brazil, and they're beginning to change in Colombia, they're changing in Argentina. And as they change there, you tend to begin to see more of your transactions, because the locally formulated scheme, either no longer has control, ubiquitous control on where the transaction is routed. And the control choice now goes to merchant on issuer, so it kind of changes the dynamic in the marketplace. That's behind some of this growth in what you're seeing. And then obviously, certain kinds of technologies allow you to see more transactions, contactless in many markets allows you to see more transactions than the old Mac stripe or chip cards could do. And so there's a number of things behind the 45 becoming 55 or 40 something, I forgot the exact number 10 years ago. I think they were 42%, 43% coming up to 55 odd percent now. I expect to see that continuing to grow. And yes, the implication of that is that it does help us with the predictive power of our data, both in cyber and in our data and services businesses, and that does allow us to bundle our solutions better for merchants and banks. That is correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore.
David Togut: Good to see your P27 partnership in the Nordics leveraging VocaLink. Can you talk more broadly about VocaLink’s positioning on the European continent ahead of the launch of SCA on September 14, and, when we go live on September 14 with secure customer authentication, what do you expect to happen in terms of transaction authorization and approvals in Continental Europe?
Ajay Banga: I expect a lot of fun. So let me walk you, first of all, September 14 is an important date. But there's also been some announcements that there will be some flexibility in the enforcement of SCA at a national level from the European banking authority. I think a month or two back, they gave out some clarification on that. That will be interesting, because you'll get some degree of friction caused by the fact that there will be different enforcement's in different countries. And I think that could lead to some consumer confusion, some merchant confusion, some issuer confusion. So we're going to have to work our way through this over the next few months, as this happens. What we’re trying to do is focus on our customers, help them better understand their requirements, provide them with solutions to help assist with their compliance on SCA. I continue to believe that we’ll be very individually advantaged during this process, if you stand by them, as they try and meet the needs for what the regulation of PSD2 requires. Remember, there is connected stuff around open banking there, which is everything from connecting to protecting to resolving for disputes by working that through with a number of countries, we've launched in the UK, launched in Poland, we're in the process of doing that kind of work in different parts of Europe. VocaLink is not the only entity that is helping us do that. It’s cardrails, a counter count rails, it's actually more to do with the cyber intelligence and data services businesses, that there's a lot of opportunity in PSD2 in Europe. VocaLink, as a whole in Europe, and in Continental Europe, the Nordics would give us first physical presence once it's fully implemented across Continental Europe, because otherwise we were in the UK, in the case of Europe, and no one knows where the UK will be on November 1. So this gives us a foothold on Continental Europe as well by the time we get this implemented over the next few years. In the UK, all our contracts have been extended out by a substantial number of years on what VocaLink provides both the bank contract, the link contract and the faster payment contract. Of course, some years later, there will be RFPs and all of those, we’re busy making sure we are well positioned for those.
David Togut: Understood. And then as my follow up, what is your expectation for the adoption of pay by bank in Continental Europe or consumer ACH payments, once we go live September 14?
Ajay Banga: Yeah, I don't know yet. Like I said, September 14 isn't a real switch on it. It's got some switch on angles, and it's got a bunch of demos attached to it. So the like may or may not come on fully on September 14. Do I think of pay by bank as a great opportunity? Yeah, just remember this. That comment I was making to Lisa earlier, the incentive to switch to paying by a bank account direct debit, the economic incentive for a merchant to help advance that or for a merchant to therefore give better benefits to their consumers to choose that as the way to pay as compared to paying by some other method has reduced as the economic difference between the MDR and debit cards and the cost of a fully loaded account or account payment are taken into account.  And so this is less of an economic argument as compared to a preference argument. I consider lots of Europeans who think of paying with debit as a natural way of paying as compared to paying with credit. They think of debit as safer. I suspect a number of them will adopt pay by a bank or pay by a bank account as something they understand and appeals to their way of planning for their financials. I think that's the way this will grow as compared to some very strong economic or pecuniary opportunity benefit to consumers and merchants, which means it'll be a slower bill.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research.
Darrin Peller: Ajay, more broadly, I mean, your volume trends continue to remain really strong, even in to the July period, and you still maintain a pretty good spread to most of the competition across a lot of volume growth metrics. Can you just comment, I mean, is this just solid macro trends, or how much of this is actually market share in your mind or other technology innovation driving growth, just maybe you could try to parse out and if you think there's anything of this kind that you're seeing that would change that current volume anytime in the next half? And then just quickly Sachin also, cross border revenue, it was up a little more, the underlying cross border volume growth rate, is there anything on pricing there, should we expect that [indiscernible]?
Sachin Mehra: Sure. So you’re right. Cross border assessments were up 19% in the second quarter, which is about 3 ppt more than what you saw on the driver at 16% growth and that was due to pricing, which is partially offset by mix. And you would -- pricing continue for a few quarters going forward. So nothing more early on that, Darrin.
Ajay Banga: So on transaction growth and GDP growth for like, the two broad pictures. One of course, macro spending environment by consumers and in the B2B business, it’s still good. Has it moderated towards -- compared to the prior year, yes, but it's still relatively healthy. There are pockets of concern on macro spending. I think China is something that everybody has now begun to talk about, which is a challenge and it’s stressed. Mexico is slower, but there are other markets are doing better. So, Brazil is doing better. The US is holding strong. The UK is holding up, parts of Northern Europe are doing fine. India is doing okay and Japan and Australia are doing okay. So there are markets doing okay, that's the macro trends. Are we growing share? Absolutely. And we've been growing share consistently for a while across product categories. But growing share, this business doesn't change share growth from, you don't grow share by 300 basis points in a quarter. You grow share by incrementalism mostly, even if you win big deals in one country, the combination of that country contributing to the total world spend is still a smaller number. And so share grows and share gives you a consistent tailwind, but its first a macro and secular and second share growth. And third remember, we’re smaller than some of the other competitors in some of these overall numbers, because of our position in different markets that tends to make the percentage number look better. It's a combination of all three. I believe it's a little bit of all three going on. So you should take that into account.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Craig Moore with Autonomous Research.
Craig Moore: Considering my peers have circled the wagons on all the enormous positives, I thought I’d ask on some of the few controversial items. First, can you discuss the Australian proposal to completely eliminate interchange by year end? And if you can comment on the fact that the UK Supreme Court has agreed to hear the class action case against Mastercard.
Ajay Banga: First of all, Craig, Tim Murphy is delighted to get a chance to speak on the UK. So let me go ahead with that.
Tim Murphy: Sure. Great, thank you. So, we feel very good about the decision of the Supreme Court to look at -- to approve our appeal, we’ll take that forward in the next couple of months. Just to context on that issue, this is one of the first major cases in the UK, looking at their new collective action or class action law. We think the appellate court said too low a standard and that would produce an outcome in the UK that was not intended under the law. So we think this is great opportunity for the Supreme Court to come to a more balanced decision and then we'll proceed on that basis. But we’re very pleased with that approval.
Ajay Banga: And then the Australian proposal, it’s not just Australia, wherever you come to zero interchange or MDR in a country, I continue to believe that no economic incentive for increasing either acceptance or digitization of payments, doesn't make sense to me. At the end of the day, if there is a value being derived by an entity, be the consumer, be the merchant, be the bank from doing something, and somebody else is providing the capability for the value to be derived, in this case, particularly, if merchants are deriving some value from digitized payments, be it ticket sizes, be it lower test, be it better cash management, be it lower expenses and collecting, there's a series of studies around the world that demonstrate what digitization does for the merchant community in terms of benefits for them.  And I believe that in some way, incenting the providers who enable that digitization acquirers, processors, issuers who take on risk expense, and the capital allocation that is required to enable this is a sensible business model. So going to 0 just says, I'm not going to do it, and you need to find a way to do it anyway. And I suspect that’s not the smartest way to go about it. But you know what, at the end of the day, countries will make decisions. Our job is to help illustrate to them through research, through logic and through experiences in other markets, what we believe to be conducive regulatory systems. And then when they make that decision, our job is to work with it the best we can.  That's been our approach for years, that’s the approach we’ve taken in Australia as well. I consider Australia to be a very important market for our company. We are market leaders there in a number of categories with the Westpac recently, we are definitely market leaders in more categories. And I consider our presence in Australia to be that of a responsible payments partner for the Australian Government and the ecosystem, and I will keep trying my best to work with them.
Ajay Banga: So few closing thoughts. We continue to execute well against our strategy. We just had another strong quarter of revenue and earnings growth. We are really pleased to further extend the reach of our real time payments capabilities with the P27 win in the Nordics. We look forward to working with all our new colleagues from our recent acquisitions. And with that, thank you for your continued support of the company. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tasha, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mastercard Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session [Operator instructions]. Thank you. I’d now like to turn the call over to your host, Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations, Please go ahead.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, Tasha. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2019 earnings call. With me today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Sachin, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our Web site, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a currency-neutral basis and exclude special items unless otherwise noted. But the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their GAAP equivalents. Please note that the growth rates we provide for switched volume, switched transactions and cross ordered volume have been adjusted to normalize for the effects of different switching days between periods. These adjustments have been made in current and prior quarters. This information is being provided so that you can better understand the underlying growth rates of these operating metrics. Our comments on the call today will be on the basis of these adjusted growth rates. We do not normalize GDP growth rates. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I would like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance, are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I will now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Ajay Banga.
Ajay Banga: Thank you, Warren and good morning everybody. We’re off to a solid start this year; revenues up 13%, EPS up 24% versus the year-ago, as Warren said, on a currency neutral basis, and excluding special items. I think these results reflect our strong operation focus and our continued growth across each of our regions. And at the same time, we are continuing to invest in the business for the long term as you probably noticed with some of our recent product and acquisition related announcements. Let me start with the macroeconomic environment as usual. You may recall that last quarter we said that we expected solid overall growth to continue in 2019 with some moderation, and our view has not changed from that. That said, we're still monitoring a number of items as long going trade negotiations and other economic and political factors that could affect growth over the medium to longer term. U.S. economic growth remains strong. Low unemployment, healthy consumer confidence, retail sales grew 3.5% versus a year ago ex-auto, ex-gas according to our spending cost estimates. And that reflects some moderation as expected, as well as some impact from the shift in the timing of Easter this year. Now in Europe, we continue to see moderate growth. Consumer confidence remains mixed with declines in places like the UK, Ireland and the Netherlands. But despite the uncertainty surrounding Brexit, UK retail spending remains healthy again according to what we see in SpendingPulse. Asia Pacific has been impacted by trade policy uncertainty. We continue to monitor the strength of the Chinese economy. But having said that, we've seen modest GDP growth in region overall and that's underpinned by favorable monetary policies and generally stable labor market conditions. In Latin America, the outlook is mixed with positive signs in Brazil and Chile as they're tempered by some weakness in Mexico. Similarly, in the Middle East and Africa region, we've seen healthy growth in countries such as Egypt, but some softness in the oil producing markets. Meanwhile, our business continues to drive healthy double digit volume and transaction growth across most of our markets by successfully executing against our strategy. What I'm going to do is give you a few examples of how we are growing our co-products, diversifying our customer base and building new areas for our business. Let me start with growing our co-products, where I believe we continue to make good progress in providing people with simple and safe ways to pay with credit, debit, prepaid and commercial products. And it's not a card. The physical card is just one form factor as you've heard me say in the past. We are equally focused on seamlessly delivering our products digitally. Earlier this month, Apple announced the Apple card with MasterCard and Goldman Sachs, available this summer. This is a credit product that's designed for the iPhone that leverages MasterCard's tokenization technology our fraud tool and our charge back APIs. Customers can immediately access the digital version of the card in their Apple wallet. They can also get a physical companion card. With attractive rewards and extensive security features, the user experience is frictionless. In addition, we look forward to collaborating further with Goldman's consumer business markers to bring new products and services to market over time. Also, pleased to be the favored vendor for T-Mobile's new mobile-first checking account, T-Mobile Money, which consumers can open and manage online all with an app on their smartphones, and they can withdraw funds using a MasterCard debit card. Coming to markets outside of the U.S., again, we continue to make significant progress. We're pleased to announce the expansion of our partnership with Santander in Brazil to expand our share of the credit, debit and commercial portfolios of the fast growing customer. We also extended our long term agreement with Rogers Bank, which is a key strategic partner for us in Canada, further expanding the services we provide on their card portfolios. And we are advancing our efforts to increase market share in Europe with BNP Paribas in France, clipping more than 4 million credit cards in a long-term deal that will be accompanied by a full suite of services, including spending controls and alerts, as well as identity check mobile security features. In addition, we have some good examples in customers with closed loop systems who continue to see value in open loop MasterCard cards, because of broader acceptance of digital capabilities. One of these an example is credit system in Brazil, which is converting 7 million private cards to MasterCard contactless co-branded cards to open up international acceptance to their card holders. Now the commercial side, we're pleased to be Citibank's exclusive network for its cross-border B2B virtual card program in China. And the initial focus there has been enabling Chinese online travel agencies to make payments to hotels, hotel aggregators and airlines outside of China. And that same vein to help our customers provide greater transparency and security in cross border payments. As you know, we have announced an agreement t acquire Transfast, a global cross-border account-to-account money transfer network. We look forward to complementing and enhancing our solutions with their network reach, with their strong compliance capabilities, flexible technology and some very robust foreign exchange tools. By the way, we currently work with Transfast in support of our P2P and B2B capabilities through MasterCard Send. And while on MasterCard Send, just to give you a quick update. We continue to see healthy growth and we're continuing to develop a number of different use cases. Send’s currently powered seven of the major mobile P2P programs in the United States, and we are working to grow our customer base. On the cross-border front, a number of our issuers are leveraging Send to provide faster and more cost effective and transparent cross-border payments to their customers. Bank of Montreal is the latest to announce that it will implement Send for its Canadian business and commercial banking clients, and the initial focus there is in bank account transfers. And there are additional plans for payments from mobile wallets and cards internationally. So now from growing the code, turning to the second pillar of our strategy, the work we're doing on diversifying our customer base and strengthening our footprint in some of these new geographies. We are building relationships with merchants, processors, digital players and a number of other partners to help drive their businesses forward. So I'm going to highlight a few specific examples on the co-brand area, including our renewal with Target in the U.S., a new program with Japan Airlines and with Falabella, which is the largest retailer in Chile. We also entered into an agreement with Mercadolibre, the largest e-commerce marketplace in Latin America to make their platform safer and more convenient with tokenization, seamless authentication tools and contactless prepaid card programs across Brazil, Argentina and Mexico. And while doing all this, we try to find ways all the time to look for methods to improve our local presence, particularly in areas where there is no electronic payment penetration. That's why our partnerships with and the investments in Network International, which is a preeminent local processor in the Middle East and Africa region, and also Jumia, an e-commerce platform spanning 14 countries in Africa. We think these will accelerate our efforts to deliver a sustained shift from cash and check to electronic payments in these markets. MasterCard will be Network International's preferred partner for processing, acceptance and value added services with the safety and security and data analytics. And our relationship with Jumia will include program card issuance for consumers, as well as commercial payments on their platform and also the use of our payment gateway. And finally, the third pillar of our strategy is building new areas of our business. And we do this in a way that leverages the core and differentiates our offerings, in particular with services and new payment flows, so a few examples for you. Safety and security products remain a key area of focus. We recently announced the acquisition of Ethoca, a global e-commerce fraud and dispute management network. What this does is to enable the sharing of intelligence between merchants and issuers in over 40 countries. Whenever a fraudulent or disputed transaction is identified, near real time information is sent to the merchants so they can stop delivery and refund the cardholder and avoid the chargeback process. And as a result, both merchants and issuers benefit from reduced costs. With more than 5,000 merchants, including top e-commerce brands, such as Google and Walmart and over 4,000 issuers already participating, we look forward to continuing to scale Ethoca's network. We're also looking for ways to help our partners improve their customers' user experiences, that’s why we acquired Vyze, a platform that connects merchants with multiple lenders, opens up a wide range of financing options, including installments to consumers online and in-store and complements MasterCard's existing card and ACH base solutions. Vyze's merchant customers like Home Depot, Microsoft, Samsung for them, multiple lenders help to increase customer financing approval rates, decrease card abandonment and ultimately, therefore, increase sales. At the same time, they benefit lenders by providing access to new customers through these channels. And just to be clear, we're not changing our model and taking credit risk. We are merely the platform provider here connecting retailers and multiple lenders. Now with respect to our processing services, pleased that Citibank will be using our payments gateway to support digital commerce enablement for their existing institutional clients. And our gateways connection to numerous acquirers and digital wallets will provide a single consolidated payments view for these large merchants who have a relationship with Citibank and make it simpler for them to accept payments on a global scale. And moving on to the work we are doing to capture new payment flows beyond traditional card-rails, we have this quarter reached a number of significant milestones in expanding our real time account-to-account capabilities with our VocaLink assets. First, you must have heard recently that we have been chosen to enhance the InstaPay real-time retail payment system in the Philippines. And this includes operating the infrastructure for and providing anti-money laundering tools to an institution called BancNet, which is the national clearing switch in the Philippines. We will do this through a regional payments hub in Asia Pacific, using leading edge ISO 222 messaging, which streamlines communications and provides enhanced transaction data. Second, we are licensing our real time payment software to the Saudi Arabian Monetary Authority, SAMA, to upgrade their system, providing similar capabilities to what we already have in place in the United States, Thailand and Singapore. These wins build upon the announcement we made late last year about our partnership in Peru to modernize and operate the Peruvian electronic payments infrastructure. And we remain involved in a number of similar RFPs around the globe. So as you can see, we're making real progress in expanding our geographic footprint for real time payments in Asia, in the Middle East and Latin America, while adding value to governments and central banks to help their citizens and their economies. So before I turn the call over to Sachin, I'd like to thank Martina who's not on this call, who's probably on a beach somewhere, for both her years of dedication to MasterCard's growth but also for ensuring we were left in good hands upon her retirement with a very well prepared and chosen successor. And now it's my pleasure to introduce Sachin Mehra, our Chief Financial Officer. Sachin?
Sachin Mehra: Thanks Ajay, and good morning, everyone. First, I would like to say that I am very excited about the opportunity ahead. And I look forward to working with each of you and to meeting those of you I have not met yet. Turning to Page 3, we had a solid start to the year. There are a few highlights on a currency neutral basis and excluding special items related to certain tax and legal matters. Net revenue grew 13%, driven by solid momentum in our core and was slightly ahead of our expectations due to services growth. Operating income grew by 20% and net income was up 21%, reflecting our strong operating performance. EPS was a $1.78 up 24% year-over-year with share repurchases purchases contributing $0.04 per share. During the quarter, we repurchase $1.8 billion worth of stock and an additional $467 million through April 25, 2019. So now let's turn to Page 4, where you can see the operational metrics for the first quarter. Just as a reminder, as Warren said, we don't normalize GDP growth rates. Worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV growth was 12% on a local currency basis, down 2 ppt from last quarter, in part due to the impact of the differing number of processing days between periods, as well as some other factors such as the delay and the timing of Easter this year. This was much as expected. U.S. GDV grew 8%, down approximately 2 ppt from last quarter with credit and debit growth of 9% and 6% respectively. Outside of the U.S., volume growth was 13%, down 3 ppt from last quarter. Cross border volume grew at 13% on a local currency basis, in line with expectations and driven by double digit growth in several regions. This Q1 growth was down sequentially due primarily to difficult year ago comps. Turning to Page 5, switch transactions continue to show strong growth at 17% globally. We saw healthy growth in switch transactions across all regions led by Europe and the U.S. In addition, card group was 7%. Globally, there are 2.5 billion MasterCard and Maestro branded cards issued. Now, let's turn to Page 6 for highlights on a few of the revenue line items, again, described on a currency neutral basis unless otherwise noted. The 13% net revenue increase was primarily driven by strong transaction and volume growth, as well as growth in our services offerings, partially offset by rebates and incentives. Looking quickly at the individual line items, domestic assessments grew 16%, while worldwide GDV grew 12%. The difference is mainly due to pricing and the differing number of processing days between, partially offset by mix. Cross border volume fees grew 15%, while cross border grew 13%. The two ppt difference is mainly driven by pricing, partly offset by mix. Transaction processing fees grew 16% in line with the 17% growth in switch transactions. Finally, other revenues were up 14%, driven by growth in our cyber and intelligence and data and services solutions. Moving to Page 7, you can see that on a currency neutral basis and excluding special items, total operating expenses increased 5%, primarily related to the company's continued investments and strategic initiatives. This was lower than expected due to the timing on certain marketing initiatives, which we now expect will mostly occur in the second quarter. Turning to Slide 8, let's discuss what we've seen through the first three weeks of April where all of our drivers are up versus what we saw in Q1. Please remember that year-over-year comparisons across all drivers in April are aided by the timing of when Easter fell this year, and that three-weeks does not make a quarter. The numbers through April 21st are as follows. Starting with switch volume, we saw global growth of 18%, an increase of 4 ppt to the first quarter. In the U.S., our switch volume grew 15%, a sequential increase of 5 ppt with strengths in both credit and debit. Switch volume outside the U.S. grew 21%, up four ppt from the first quarter, primarily driven by Europe. Globally, switch transaction growth was 20%, a sequential increase of 3 ppt, primarily driven by Europe and the U.S. With respect to cross-border, our volumes grew 17% globally, a sequential increase of 4 ppt in part due to the timing of Easter, as well as the tougher year-ago comps we saw in Q1. This was consistent with our expectations. For the year, we continue to expect cross-border volume growth to be about mid-teens and this is what is contemplated in our thoughts for revenue growth for the year. Turning to our thoughts for the year that I will describe on a currency neutral basis, excluding special items and acquisitions, I will separately comment on acquisitions in a moment. Overall, not much has changed. We had a solid first quarter and our view on the economy is broadly similar with continued overall growth, albeit with some moderation versus 2018. In terms of net revenue, we continue to expect growth at a low-teens rate for the year with second quarter growth consistent with or slightly better than what we saw in Q1. We expect FX to be a 2 ppt headwind to revenue for the year and about a 3 ppt headwind for the quarter. On operating expenses, we're still planning to grow at a high end of high single digits rates for the year. We expect Q2 operating expenses to grow at approximately twice the annual growth rate due to the lapping of a significant hedging gain a year ago and increased marketing spend. Year-over-year, FX will be a tailwind to OpEx of about 1 ppt for both the year and Q2. In terms of the tax rate, we now expect to be closer to the bottom end of the 19 to 20% range for the year due to the higher than anticipated discrete tax benefits we saw in Q1. Now, moving on to the impact of acquisitions. As Ajay mentioned, we announced a number of acquisitions that either have closed or are expected to close this year. We estimate there will be about $0.06 to $0.08 dilutive for the year with the impact starting in Q2 and building progressively throughout the year, driven primarily by purchase accounting and integration related costs. One further item, as a reminder as of January 2018, certain equity investments are required to be mark-to-market based on observable price movements. We have been following this new standard and it has had a relatively minor impact on our results since inception. In April, we made investments in two companies as Ajay mentioned that have since become public, valuation volatility will therefore increase as a result of the unpredictable nature of public equity markets. Accordingly, starting in Q2, we will be updating our non-GAAP methodology to exclude the impact of fair market value gains and losses on our equity investments. We are excluding these items as we believe this will facilitate a better understanding of our operating performance and provide a more meaningful comparison of our results between periods. Please note that our long-term performance objectives and our thoughts for 2019 exclude such gains or losses. We will provide you full visibility to the impact of fair market value gains and losses on our equity investments as we do with the impact of special items and foreign currency, which we will continue to exclude from our non-GAAP measures. With that, let me turn the call back to Warren to begin the Q&A session.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thanks, Sachin. Tasha, we're ready for the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you [Operator instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW. Your line is open.
Sanjay Sakhrani: I guess I had a question on related to some of the stuff you talked about, which was TSB banks decision to stick with Visa after committing to you guys. Could you just talk about the observations there? Thanks.
Ajay Banga: TSB is staying with us on credit and it currently in Visa and Debit and the reason is very simple. As you know, they have had to focus their attention on their technology circumstances when they were doing their migration of their technology platform. And the bank is very focused on getting that done right. And they're looking after their customer and meeting them responsibilities on that front. In the midst of that to add the migration of a debit book would have added unnecessary risk as well as customer reputational issues to them. And therefore, they thought about is, hold on and we'll see later. And I think that's the right thing to do if I was in their place and I actually respect their decision.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Just maybe couple quick ones just on the modernizing payment systems in the Philippines and Peru, and et cetera. Just curious, once you're beyond the build period. What's the run opportunity for MasterCard? Do you become an intermediary or you're an advantage position to power these intermediaries? Just trying to understand what happens beyond the build phase? And then maybe for Sachin, just incentives line with some of these Fintech deals like Apple coming in and then TSB as Sanjay asked. Any considerations throughout the next two, three quarters?
Ajay Banga: So Sachin will answer that incentive and I’ll give you the answer later on the Philippines. Go ahead.
Sachin Mehra: So on your question as it relates to incentives, our incentives continue to be very much in line with our expectations. We expect for deal activity to pick up in Q2. But other than that not much in the nature of changes as it relates to our expectations on incentives.
Ajay Banga: And Sachin on the ACH platforms. So what we're trying to do it depends on what kind of RSP and what kind of deal is constructed. Even that in the Philippines and Peru, the deal is a bit more complete in the form of having infrastructure operations also included in it. In others, it could be only the software as it is in Saudi, or in the Clearing House in the United States, or in Singapore. If it's only software then it becomes a different ability to intervene in the payment flow. So if it's only software, what we're trying to do is to build apps, which was off that software but also to build value added data analytics tools like the anti-money laundering tools so on, which we've built in other markets and so we can bring them to these countries that have software. Also, we provide skilled related thinking around charge backs, disputes, fraud management that kind of stuff. So that's a software idea. Whereas infrastructure, it's a little different. It'll be a little bit more like the UK in some ways where we actually run the basic infrastructure. And then we can build products and scheme rules on top of that as well. So these are two slightly divergent parts. And it depends on what each country wants for their local instant from past ACH payment system as these RFPs open up over the next two years. What I was trying to say today was that if this has been sometimes coming, because these RFP processes are slower than the usual but they get done. And this quarter there were two, there is others as well and there's more RFPs in the process that we're deeply in negotiation with.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Togut from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Togut: What impact do you see from the two big mergers just recently announced, Fiserv and First Data and then FIS Worldpay, on MasterCard growth opportunities. And then as a related question, both companies or in both merger situations it called out growth opportunities in B2B. I'm curious how you can work with them in addressing B2B?
Ajay Banga: We've looked very closely of issue of processes in many markets and especially in the United States, which has a more fragmented payments ecosystem than a number of other markets. And I fully expect to continue to partner with these folks. We've talked to all of them, as you can imagine, including me personally. The M&A doesn't change where we've got teams working with them to determine how best to collaborate to make them win while also getting our work done. Remember they play a really important part in the ecosystem for banks and credit unions of all sizes. And mostly they have to distribute our products and services. And so I feel like there's lots of opportunity that both came, the consumer payment side but also in the B2B side, but it's just too early to cement any of them down. They're both very busy with their own transactions, as you can imagine. And they need to get that done well, because that's their first preference. And then we can really get deeply involved in what else we could do together with the merged entity. Meanwhile, the independent partnerships with separate entities continue, to be clear. The merged entities will have a whole new game and the mergers got to finish before you can do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Napoli from William Blair. Your line is open. 
Bob Napoli: MasterCard has been very active on the M&A front. And I was just hoping, Ajay, to get a little more clarity on additional potential areas that you're looking to build up through the M&A. And is there still a very healthy pipeline, maybe an update on the strategy, the M&A strategy and the pipeline?
Ajay Banga: I think Sachin's baptism by fire on this is the fact that in this first quarter, we delivered a couple of extra M&A deals to him, just to keep him happy and make him realize that he needs to do a little bit of work. It won't be an easy thing to follow in Martina's somewhat large shoes. So I hope she's not listening to that. But your question is a much deeper one, here's the deal. We have not changed our revenue strategy for the years that I've been talking about this. We're trying to use both organic and inorganic ways to grow in the spaces that we think give us possible growth areas to the next decade or two; hence safety and security; hence data analytics and information systems; hence digital identity systems; hence B2B and cross border payments. All of these AI, all of these are intertwined in the idea of building out new capabilities and new services, more or less pretty neatly placed in the third block of our strategy, which is in the grow, diversify, build. Most of these are in the build space. And that's how we've built these services organically and inorganically to now 26%, 27% of our revenue, that's the objective. At the same time, I'm also trying to build the capability to be available and present across all rails of payment, not just cards but also non-card rails. And hence the VocaLink acquisitions and the acquisition that are going on in B2B spaces to deliver usage results against those, so that's what's going on. Nothing's changed in that. You will find us active participants in these spaces in loyalty and rewards, and those spaces over the next few periods as well. We have a relatively active pipeline, and Sachin could tell you that his team has -- I don’t know, Sachin doing a year 20 to 30 such deals.
Sachin Mehra: That'll be correct, 20 to 30 such deals we could be actively due diligence. The list of deals we would actually scope out would be much broader than that. And just to reiterate what Ajay said, it all starts with the strategy and then we figure out from thereon what's the best way to achieve the strategy between build, buy and partner, as with the M&A component is one big piece of that but not the only one.
Ajay Banga: Some of these deals -- actually a numbers of them M&A from us partnering with these people on a commercial deal for us, Transfast as an example of that recently. But this has been the case in the past as well with a number of the transactions we have done. We end up -- like Brighterion, we ended up being a constructive partner of theirs, having a commercial relationship and then it changes over time into the possibility of an acquisition. So we're trying to use a mix of these outside acquisitions, as well as minority stakes. As well as in the case of fintechs and start ups a series of early investments as the way of making the company have a layer of its business exposed to all that's new and exciting, which we don't believe we have a full always a 100% right to be the only ones thinking of new ideas. And so this is a good way to get external thinking, external quality of people, get external and maybe some product quality or some distribution strength that we may not have. So Ethoca, for example has both products software but also distribution through 4,000, 5,000 merchants and 4,000 issuers whom we're tied up with. Transfast has compliance capabilities, FX capabilities but also distribution in a number of countries and licenses to operate in a number of those countries. So different things come together in how we make the transaction, but the pipeline is robust. And if we can do one or two transactions a year out of the 20 or 30 we look at that will be a good year. It just happen that in this quarter a couple of extra ones came through.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom McCrohan from Mizuho. Your line is open.
Tom McCrohan: Can you remind us how much of your cross border volume occurs in the first quarter? I think there’s some seasonality. Just want to confirm that. Thanks.
Sachin Mehra: Tom, I just want to make sure I heard that question correctly. How much of our cross border volume?
Tom McCrohan: Yes, occurs in the first quarter. I think you -- I think that’s one of the weaker quarters. Just want to confirm the seasonality.
Sachin Mehra: Yes, from a seasonality standpoint what I'd tell you is it used to be typically a little bit more in the nature of volume on cross border, but for the most part in the remaining quarters it's pretty stable.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal from Barclays. Your line is open.
Ramsey El-Assal: I had a two part question on some regulatory items. First is on the secure customer authentication rules coming out later in Europe this year, whether you think that will be any type of -- constitute any type of pressure on European volumes later on in the year. And then second is a more broader question about data localization requirements and having to build out redundant processing capabilities in different national jurisdictions. Overtime whether that had also constitutes anything like a headwind to operating leverage, or any type of incremental pressure? If you can comment on those two things I'd appreciate it.
Ajay Banga: So the secure authentication rules, as you can imagine, we've been looking at the entire PSD2 implications for both us, merchants and banks in the system, as well as the new entrant PSDs and the ISDs entering into the European payment system. I actually think that secure customer authentication is an opportunity for a company like ours that has the capabilities, skills and toolset to provide this to all the players there, merchants will need it, banks will need it, these new PSCs and AISPs will need to connect properly into the system to ensure that the entire payments ecosystem is kept safe and secure. So for us I see this actually as an opportunity to deliver new value added services. And in past meetings, we've talked about how that’s one of the plans for what we're building out as part of our PSD2 strategy. I'm sure other networks are too. This is not about trying to be competitively advantaged. This is about trying to do the right thing for the payments ecosystem. The second part, the part of our data localization, that's an interesting question. It came up a couple of earnings calls before as well. And mostly that tend to do with India in that case. And I'd say around the world in some cases, data localization like in India has got real policy ramifications. In other countries that they engaged with us realized that data localization may not be to their benefit. And let me explain that for a second first. The challenge with data localization is actually not the expense, which is what your question comes from. It's not just the question putting up some more servers and storing the data on soil. And to be honest with you in an expense base of our type, putting a few more servers on spot in a country, even as large of India with the volumes over India, is interesting but not really a big deal. The bigger deal is the fact that by doing so, you end up with data that loses its predictive power compared to the wealth of data that generates much higher predictive power when it's combined across many more countries, many more types of transactions, many more types of consumers, many more types of customers. If you talk to anybody in the space of AI, or machine learning, or good old fashioned data analysts, you'll find that they will tell you that the more the data the more variety of data, the more widespread and ubiquitous the data you get, the better the predictive power. The moment countries balkanize that data, they may say they are doing it for security reasons, is not completely clear to me that in actual fact that gives them better security on predicting for fraud and anti-money laundering and capabilities on that front than data, which is more widely shared. Now, we will comply and we are compliant in India. And we will comply elsewhere but whatever rules a country finally chooses, because we operate there because that's what the rules are. But it's our job to try to educate them to what we think and their job to decide what's right for them. And then we do what we've got to do after that. So that's what we've done in India, we comply it. In other countries, we've managed to turn back that thinking way from this logic that I just gave.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan Keane: Just wanted to ask about the higher expenses expected in Q2. Sounds like most of that is going to be marketing spend, maybe some of that is from acquisitions. Just trying to understand maybe where the higher expenses are going, especially on the marketing side, anything in particular? And then secondly, just on the strong data so far through April 21st. Is there a way to think about how much of that is from Easter versus easier comps versus better economy, share gains, et cetera? Thanks.
Sachin Mehra: Bryan, let me make sure I'm clarifying the Q2 comment out here, which is we're expecting double the growth rate relative to our fully year thoughts on OpEx in Q2. And that growth rate differential is being driven, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, by the fact that last year in our operating expenses we had the benefit of a very sizable FX hedging gain. So I think if you take that into consideration as you think about the marketing expenses or rather the operating expenses for Q2. In addition to that, we also expect we'll increase marketing spend in Q2. As I mentioned in Q1, our marketing expenses came in lower than expected. This is just part of what goes on. And as we run our business, we make evaluations as it relates to when's the optimal time for us to put marketing out in relation to various sponsorship assets and other initiatives, which we've got going on. And this is just part of course as part of that process, so nothing unusual that it would flag. On your second question on April 21 data, I will tell you look, I mean, April 21, data is impacted by the timing of Easter. And I think you need to take that into consideration just especially given the fact that there's 21 days worth of data, which we're presenting to you and three weeks are not going to make the quarter. So I will tell you that by enlarge the growth trends look solid as we've mentioned for Q1 and we continue to see that going forward as well. But timing of Easter plays a big part in terms of what we're seeing in our April 21 metrics.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Moore from Autonomous Research. Your line is open. 
Craig Moore: Two questions. One, have you seen any uptick in local network competition anywhere around the world? And secondly the settlement with the European Commission that was seemingly announced yesterday on interregional cross-border, obviously, that will have an effect on the fee income of banks issuing cards that are being used in Europe. So thinking Citi for you guys. Do you -- can you foresee an impact on the rewards that those banks are offering on those cards cross-border business if you're going to see a significant reduction in net fee income? Thanks.
Ajay Banga: First, the second one. That settlement with the European Commission, as you know, we discussed it in the fourth quarter earnings call. I have Tim Murphy, my GC sitting here. He's dying to answer the question. But maybe you could -- was it in Q4, Tim?
TimMurphy: Yes, so we briefed the investors in December of last year, and really no change following what we shared in December. It's just a process update. So that's you've seen since December, nothing new.
Ajay Banga: A big part about whether it impacts the rewards that different banks offer, not just Citi but this if for all banks that would have peoples travelling into European Union territory in fact anybody, Australians, and Chinese, and Americans and everybody else and perhaps -- soon. So the fact there is it's a relatively small proportion of the total interchange revenue that most of these banks generate. It's also a relatively small proportion of the total revenue, which comes out of not just interchange but revolving and other fees. And therefore, it is not my assessment that there will be that big an impact on their P&L. Now, remember that the reduced rates of 20 and 30 apply to physical card present, whereas for card not present e-commerce transactions, the rate for debit are a 115 basis points and the rate for credit is a 150 basis points. And so that's factored into the commentary I am giving you about the impact for banking institutions. It's not that it's not relevant, it is relevant. It’s just that it's not enough to, I think, change their marketing practices directly in this form. Your question about local networks I haven't seen an uptick or downtick in any relevant strong way over the last six months to a year. Local networks have been strong across the world in different forms over the years. I mean, the EU in every country in the EU has had a local network since well before, I mean, this is 20-25 years ago; Mexico's had them; Canada's had them; Brazil and Columbia and Argentina used to have them; China's had it since a long time; Korea's had them. There's not one example here. In fact, if you look at the number of our transactions that we actually pass through our own rails of the total, today it's 56% of our transactions. 10 years back when I joined, it was 40 something percent. So even 10 years ago, the majority of our transactions were being taken by local networks in some form for the actual processing of that transaction. We had other ways to raise revenue from the activity around that transaction. So the processing was going through local rails very often. Now, actually the number has reduced over the years as we’ve made inroads in a number of marketplaces.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Lisa Ellis: Couple from me, first Ajay, can you comment on China and specifically the news reports about potential joint venture announcement with Nets Union there? And then second one is related to the Vyze acquisition and around doing enabling extension of credit transactionly at the point of sale. Just from a vision perspective, can you comment as you look out building this out, this capability out with MasterCard over the next few years? What that's going to look like or how should we be thinking about it? Is it almost like another rail and what's MasterCard's role and differentiation exactly there? Thank you.
Ajay Banga: So China, I'm not going to comment on a newspaper article. I mean I wish I was asked for comments in the newspaper articles that give me blood pressure, but nobody does. This one doesn't really give me blood pressures. It's just what somebody who wrote there based on what they've picked up locally. We are -- this much I will tell you. I'm very committed to finding an appropriate and sensible way to enter the domestic Chinese market. And I'm making every effort possible across the company to get to the right place and getting the requisite licenses to be able to do that. And I think soon as we've got something substantial or real to tell you, we will, trust me. We just don't have anything real or substantial today, because this movie hasn't played out yet. So it will take some time to play out. And even after it plays out in terms of, let's say we do get some form of an approval, even after that there's a year-long process of national security clearances before you can actually start operating domestically on the ground in China. So this is like a couple of years away at least before we can give you something that's more interesting than just desires, that's the first. On Vyze, Vyze to me is interesting. I don't know yet know how well to answer for that question for you, because I don't yet know how big this could be. Installment lending to me is a really interesting aspect. Installment lending at the point of sale. Installment lending through a bank has been going on for a long time. But the idea of allowing the consumer as a point of sale to opt into an installment loan, in some ways it's been going on for a long time in sales finance businesses in places like Brazil, where for instance by years and years back at Citibank, we used to see this happening where the transaction at the point of sale had a automatic installment plan built into what was the card payment that was being used by a consumer. That's kind of -- it didn’t spread everywhere, it spread in different ways into the U.S., in the consumer finance business mostly. It didn't really spread to the middle class or the upper class there. But it's spreading around the world in some ways. In Australia, there are a couple of players who have launched installment lending. In the U.S., those players, one or two of them are coming here, other locally are doing this. It's banks, it's fintechs, it's merchants, everyone seems to be interested in the space. But I don't know yet how to tell you how big it could be or where it could go, because I don't clearly know yet how well it will catch on with the consumer. We are certainly putting our foot in the water with this acquisition. Remember it's not us that’s extending the credit, we're just creating the platform between the merchant and the institution, the bank or the Finfech, which may in turn pass the loan on to a bank, that's what we're really doing. I think I can add a lot of differentiated value in the form of AI, in the form of better tools to identify consumers and help to help people underwrite. There'is a lot of things we could do with our data analytics and our information services business. Remember that we could also do a lot of things with loyalty and rewards, which could be connected overtime into the installment loan system. So I don't yet know where this will go. It's interesting. I've got my foot in the water and you'll see, it's not different from the way we entered other services four, five years ago, put our foot in the water before we took the full plunge.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Wasserstrom from UBS. Your line is open.
Eric Wasserstrom: I was wondering, maybe Sachin. Could you help remind us about all of the components that attribute to your strength in cross border? I think you have some portfolio wins that should be helping year-over-year or some Maestro conversions. Can you just remind us of all the factors that support that figure?
Sachin Mehra: As a company, we're incredibly focused on cross border drivers. And as we said in previous earnings calls, MasterCard has setup the Center of Excellence within MasterCard where basically there's just tremendous focus on how we can do good knowledge sharing across the company on what can drive cross border volumes for this company. Really, it all starts with making sure that we have actually truly identified one of the right portfolios to go after from a cross-border standpoint. So as we sit back and we think about it, we leverage our services business with their data analytics capabilities to identify what are the right portfolios to go after. And those are the ones where there's a larger propensity of cross border. Thereafter, we go after Frank to optimize those portfolios in the best way possible. So to the extent we identify portfolios of our customers, which might be underperforming, we work with them through our consulting practice and our managed services practice in our advisors business, you try and actually drive more better and more optimized cross-border focus there. But even beyond that, it's about focusing on the right vertical. So for example, in the wholesale travel space, this is an area where MasterCard has been historically very much focused and has been actually leader, and that contributes to cross border. And then finally I would say on a similar basis. If you think about digital banks and things of that sort, these would be areas where we would focus. Again, going back to the theme of what are the right portfolios to go after and how do you optimize those. That's really what we're doing and it's sounds like basic blocking and tackling. But sometimes you actually really have to go down that path to actually make it come through and that's what we're doing.
Ajay Banga: I think I said last time that I'm sure that other networks do some of the stuff, so it's not rocket science. So it's in the execution and it's in getting it done. And yes the Maestro to MasterCard convergence to give us some tailwind, because clearly Maestro utilization and e-commerce is challenging. MasterCard debit allows a better utilization. And that will continue for a while, because you haven't completed those migrations in every location that we'd like to.
Eric Wasserstrom: And if I can just follow-up, Ajay, any update on the B2B hub? I know that you launched it in Australia I think a quarter ago. And any update on its international or domestic advancement?
Ajay Banga: No, not really. In fact, we discussed it in the last quarter's call, you're right. Its physical launch is actually happening as we speak. And it's very early days. But that's the one we're focused on. The whole B2B space has opportunities. The hub is one way of getting to it. As you know the directory and track and enabling that directory to be fully built out the right way across the world is another one. Payments optimization engines are getting built into it. We're just doing a series of things. And hopefully, Transfast will enable and help us even more. Meanwhile, Sense continues to chug along, that's why I talked about Bank of Montreal and what it’s trying to do with Send. It's doing it for its commercial and business banking clients as well. So there's a series of tools that are being played in the B2B space.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Don Fandetti from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Don Fandetti: Ajay, so a two part question. I guess in the U.S., MasterCard's had a pretty good track record on these co-brand wins. But it's been a while since we've seen any major bank portfolio flip. Do you expect to see any market share change over the next year or two there? And then separately any update on the common pay button from e-commerce that the industry had some time to digest it? How are you guys feeling about the penetration opportunity?
Ajay Banga: So, on the first, on big bank portfolios. There've been some over the last year or two that we've talked about, and we've won on from parts of Capital One to parts of Bank of America and the like. And those are still helping us grow share. In fact, if you look at the way our credit numbers are growing in the U.S., part of that is co-brand, that's Cabela's and Kroger and the like, but part of it is also these bank portfolios that have been switching over to us. I don't see any huge swings in bank books moving around right now. But we're actively in every transition and every transaction that happens. But I don't see huge ones moving around as we speak as of now. On the SRC progress, we're looking as we said the industries have launched us in second half of 2019. It’s probably going to end up first in the U.S. and then get to additional markets over the next six to 18 months. And I think that you'll find that the feedback we're getting from issuers and merchants is very constructive to the EMVCo. We're trying to adapt through that feedback and get it rolled out, all the technology build and branding work is happening, as we speak. I still remain pretty optimistic about what SRC could do for the industry, and for the consumer, and for the merchant and the issuer, simpler connect to one connection for all brands, easier to manage for a consumer, trying to replicate the physical experience of one terminal to convert that to a physical -- to a digital experience of one button idea, that's what we're trying to get to.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: You had -- I think you had a 200 basis points tough compare in the quarter and the FX. It looks like you clearly outperformed this quarter, growing around 13% constant currency. So first just what drove the surprise to the outside versus what it -- I think you initially thought when you talked about your guidance from last quarter for the first quarter trends. And then do you think that the soft spot we saw in cross-border, whether it's fourth quarter or perhaps early first quarter was more of an anomaly at this point, you feel better about the trends you're seeing? Thanks guys.
Sachin Mehra: So Darren, I'll take that question. So as it relates to the first quarter, like I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've slightly exceeded what our expectations were as it relates to our performance from a revenue standpoint, driven by the strength in our services business. So we also saw, from an FX standpoint, slightly lower impact on FX in the first quarter relative to what we originally thought. So those were a couple of factors, which you might want to take into consideration as you're thinking about it. On your other question for cross-border, you’ve got to remember that cross-border last year in Q1 we had a 20% growth rate in cross-border. And those tough comps are a large part of what we're seeing in terms of the results in Q1 of this year. You remember when we talked about cross-border performance last year. We actually were fairly explicit about saying that we don't expect our normal run rates to be like what we saw in the first half of last year. So as you think about our business, we continue to believe that our cross-border is trending and performing as we would normally see it, actually performing. So I wouldn't make too much of swings between quarters, because you're always doing comparisons between year-over-year tough comps. Our business continues to go grow well. We like what we see in terms of our portfolio. Just a little bit more color if it's helpful from a cross-border standpoint. The U.S. outbound volumes continue to hold up pretty nicely. And our China business from a cross-border standpoint continues to grow also in the high single digits, much like we've seen historically. So all-in-all, business carries on as we have expected to be.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thanks Sachin. Ajay, do you have any final comments?
Ajay Banga: Gentlemen, thank you all for your questions. And I'm going to wrap up with a few closing thoughts. First, we had solid start to the year, reflecting this strong operational focus and executional focus and continued growth across each of our regions. And we are executing against our strategy with a couple of potentially noteworthy milestones this quarter. The first one being the progress in expanding our real time payments capabilities in Asia, in Latin America and in the Middle East. And secondly, we announced these strategic acquisitions in partnerships we think will complement our existing products and services and position the company well for the next decade or two of growth as well. So with that, I'd like to thank you for your continued support for the company and for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Heidi, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mastercard Q4 Full-Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference, sir.
Warren Kneeshaw : Thank you, Heidi. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2018 earnings call. With me today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open for questions.  You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data, and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a currency-neutral basis and exclude special items unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their GAAP equivalents. Please note that due to our decision to deconsolidate our Venezuelan entity starting at the beginning of 2018, we’ve been providing additional information regarding our switched transaction and card growth rates.  The adjusted growth rates eliminate Venezuelan switch transactions and card counts from prior periods. In addition, starting this quarter we are providing further adjusted growth rates for switch transactions and adjusted growth rates for cross border volume normalized for the effects of different switching days between periods.  These adjustments have been made to current and prior quarters. This information is being provided so that you can better understand the underlying growth rates of our operating metrics. Our comments on the call today will be on the basis of these adjusted growth rates. A couple of other comments. As many of you are aware we recently announced an agreement on the terms of a recommended offer to buy Earthport. We will not be at liberty to further comment on this potential transaction as it is regulated by the takeover panel in the UK. I would also like to announce that we are planning to hold our next investment community meeting on September 12, 2019. We initially planned to hold this event in Q2 but have settled on a September date as a result of some scheduling issues. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I would like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I will now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Ajay Banga.
Ajay Banga : Thank you, Warren and good morning, everybody. So, we had a very strong end to the year bringing 2018 to a record close. For the year, revenue was up 20%, EPS up 41% and these are both on a currency-neutral basis and excluding special items.  If you exclude the impact of accounting changes, acquisitions and the $100 million contribution to what we are now referring to as the Mastercard Impact Fund that affect year-over-year growth comparisons. So basically apples-to-apples, our underlying net revenue growth was up 15% and operating income was up 21%. These results essentially reflect broad-based growth across each of our regions and I think are a clear attraction of our focus on execution. We continue to invest in the business for the long-term. I believe that we are very well positioned to drive strong growth in the future and Martina will describe this in much more detail when she lays out our new multi-year performance objectives. Turning to the macroeconomic environment, we continue to see solid overall growth and expect this to continue in 2019 although with some moderation. Having said this, like others, we’re keeping a close eye on a number of items; increased trade tensions, rising interest rates and other economic and political factors that could slow growth over the longer term. In the U.S., economic growth remains positive with low unemployment and overall still healthy consumer confidence. Our SpendingPulse estimates for Q4 show retail sales remains strong, up 4.8% versus a year ago same period ex-auto, ex-gas. In Europe, we continue to see moderate grow with UK spending holding up reasonably well again according to our SpendingPulse estimates with year-over-year retail sales up 3.5% in Q4 ex-auto, gas and restaurants despite the debate around Brexit. We have, however, seen some recent declines in consumer confidence in countries such as France, Spain and the Netherlands. In Latin America, we’re watching to see how the economic and fiscal policies develop in both Brazil and Mexico now that the elections are behind us, we’re seeing some positive consumer and business confidence indicators in Brazil, in particular. We’re monitoring a few potential headwinds in Asia, including trade negotiations and the talked about slowdown in the Chinese economy as we don’t participate domestically in China, this has a limited impact to us directly. But given the size of the Chinese economy, it does impact the global economic picture. Now against this backdrop, we just continue to see a strong secular shift to electronic forms of payment and we are driving healthy double-digit volume and transaction growth for Mastercard across most of our markets. As I said earlier, these results are a function of us successfully executing against our strategy. We are growing our core products, we’re diversifying our customer base and we’re building out new capabilities and I’m just going to give you a few examples. First, we’re driving growth in the core with new wins like Westpac Bank, one of the largest banks in Australia. They will become an exclusive Mastercard issuer for all their Westpac branded consumer credit and business card portfolios. And we retain exclusivity across their debit business. Westpac will also leverage several of our value-added services such as advisors and loyalty platforms. In addition, we renewed our agreement in New Zealand securing the majority of Westpac’s credit and debit portfolios and flipping their loyalty platform. We’ve also executed pre-renewals with leading banks across several markets.  So we signed a long-term deal with Crédit Agricole, the largest bank in France, which includes new consumer and commercial issuance beyond our existing base. And as part of that deal, they will also use a range of our data analytics platforms, including Applied Predictive Technology, APT to help optimize their customer acquisitions and retention efforts. In the Netherlands, we renewed our partnership with Rabobank, enabling us to maintain a leading market share position in credit and debit in that country. And in China, we will be the exclusive international scheme partner for ICBC’s Global Travel Plus Card. On the co-brand front, we signed a long-term extension with WestJet in Canada, won a new co-brand program with Square, which will enable Square’s sellers to access their receivables through a Mastercard debit card. We were selected as the partner for JetBlue’s programs across 19 Caribbean markets, which together with our U.S. co-brand make us the partner on each of JetBlue’s co-brands around the world. We’re also pleased to report that our major U.S. co-brand conversions have been successfully launched. L.L. Bean and Kroger are fully converted and Cabela’s, which are all contactless cards by the way is scheduled to be completed by the end of this quarter. In addition to building co-brand relationships with merchants, we’re also diversifying our customer base through partnerships with governments. Now one recent example is in Mexico with Bansefi, the commercial banking arm of the Mexican Government, where we have just been chosen to help distribute a wide range of social benefit disbursements to citizens across the country. This exclusive program will involve the issuance of approximately 20 million new debit cards that would be used to receive and spend social benefit payments. So now turning to B2B, we are continuing to see momentum in our core commercial card business. We’re developing a new fleet co-brand product with U.S. Bank that enables greater customer choice by combining U.S. Bank’s proprietary closed group fleet product with our broad open-loop acceptance footprint. We’re also making progress in the accounts payable space taking the Mastercard B2B Hub model international through a new partnership which I think is very exciting with MYOB in Australia and New Zealand. MYOB provides an invoice capture facility, supplier enablement payments and payroll solutions for small and mid-sized businesses and brings the local market expertise and customer relationships that are critical to success for these kinds of businesses in the B2B space. The initial launch will focus on invoice payments and payroll solutions distributed to MYOB’s existing customers.  In the U.S., we are expanding virtual card distribution through an exclusive partnership with bill.com and Com Data. This partnership integrates our virtual cards within bill.com automated accounts payable solution and that should enable us to reach their 60,000 customers who by the way currently make over $60 billion in annual payments. The addition of these virtual cards creates a safe seamless and secure way for businesses to be paid and provides the data needed to help merchants easily match payments with receivables.  On the digital front, we’re driving the adoption of new capabilities to improve the customer experience and then add safety and security across all transaction types and channels. So a few examples in the U.S. contactless momentum continues to grow on both issuing and acceptance side.  We’ve received commitments from issuers representing approximately two thirds of our total U.S. consumer volume to issue contactless cards within the next two years. This includes Citi, Capital One, KeyBanc, Santander, HSBC and others. We’re also working with leading processors like FIS to bring contactless to smaller issuers and to credit unions. On the acceptance side, large retailers like Target and CDS have announced that they will now accept contactless payments and in total today over half of U.S. card present transactions are happening at contactless enabled merchant locations. We continue to scale our merchant tokenization service with partners who have recurring bill pay models, including large telcos like AT&T and insurance companies such as Liberty Mutual. And we’re supporting merchants and acquirers via our payment gateway services, which provides a white labeled technology platform for payment processing for fraud prevention and for digital payment acceptance.  Actually JP Morgan Chase has selected Mastercard gateway services, to enhance its global connectivity of support over alternative payments as they continue to expand global digital payment solutions for their merchants. And finally, we're partnering with digital players through over payment capabilities through new devices and channels and for instance in Poland, we just recently announced a strategic alliance with BLIK a mobile payment system provider. This integrate a virtual tokenized Mastercard, debit card, so that BLIK users can make contactless payments at any Mastercard acceptance location.  In South Africa Bank Zero, which is a new bank with no physical branches and app only value prop will be issuing debit Mastercard in 2019 and in Taiwan E.Sun Bank will launch a Mastercard co-brand with Pi Wallet, which is a leading mobile wallet provider in that country.  So with all of those updates, let me now turn the call over to Martina for an update on our financial results, operational metrics and going forward estimations of growth. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks Ajay, and good morning, everyone. Turning to page three, you will see that we delivered another very strong quarter to end the year. Here are a few highlights on a currency neutral basis, excluding special items related to certain legal and tax matters. Net revenue grew 17% in line with our expectations and closing out a great year of growth. This includes a 5 ppt benefit from the new revenue recognition rules. Excluding this benefit revenue growth was 12%.  Operating income grew by 21%, including a 7 ppt benefit due to the new revenue recognition rules. Net income was up 36%, reflecting strong operating results and the impact of the U.S. Tax Reform, which contributed approximately 12 ppt to this net income growth. And EPS was $1.55, up by 40% year-over-year. The share repurchases contributing $0.03 per share. During the quarter we repurchased about 888 million worth of stock and an additional $773 million through January 30, 2019. Let me turn to page four, where you can see the operational metrics for the fourth quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV growth was 14% on a local currency basis, up 1 ppt from last quarter. We saw solid double-digit growth across all regions. U.S. GDV grew 10%, up approximately 1 ppt from last quarter, with strength in consumer credit driven by the implementation of recent deal events. And outside of the U.S. volume growth was 16%, slightly up from last quarter. Cross-border volume grew at 17% on a local currency basis in line with expectations and driven by double-digit growth in all regions except for Latin America. Q4 cross-border growth was slightly lower than the growth you saw in Q3, primarily due to the high volume of crypto currency wallet funding in Q4 of 2017. Turning to page five, switched transactions continued to show strong growth at 17% globally. We saw healthy growth in switched transactions across all regions, led by Europe and the U.S. In addition, global card growth was 7%. And globally there are 2.5 billion Mastercard and Maestro branded cards issued. So now let’s turn to page six for highlights on a few of the revenue line items again described on a currency neutral basis unless otherwise noted. The 17% net revenue increase was primarily driven by strong volume and transaction growth, as well as growth in our services offerings, partially offset by rebates and incentives. The new revenue recognition rules contributed 5 ppt to the growth rate. As I said before, excluding this net revenue growth was 12%. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items. So domestic assessment grew 18%, while worldwide GDV grew 14% and the difference is mainly due to the new revenue recognition rules with some pricing offset by mix. Cross-border volume fees grew 16%, while cross-border volume grew 17%. The 1 ppt difference is mainly due to higher intra-Europe growth. Transaction processing fees grew 17% in line with the 17% growth that we saw in switched transactions. And finally, other revenues were particularly strong this quarter, up 19% driven by increases in our advisors and safety and security services. Moving on to page seven, you can see that on a currency neutral basis and excluding special items total operating expenses increased 14%, which includes a 2 ppt increase related to the new revenue recognition rules and acquisitions. The remaining 12% was primarily related to the company’s continued investments and strategic initiatives. So turning to slide eight, let me first discuss what we have seen through the first four weeks of January. The numbers through January 28 are as follows. Starting with switched volume, we saw global growth of 15%, similar to the fourth quarter. In the U.S. our switched volume grew 12%, a sequential increase of 1 ppt with strengths in both credit and debit. Switched volume outside the U.S. grew 17% and that’s down 2 ppt from the fourth quarter, but still strong at slightly slower growth in Europe. And globally, switched transaction growth was 17%, similar to the fourth quarter. With respect to cross-border, our volumes grew 12% globally, down 5 ppt sequentially. So let me put this 12% in perspective. In 2019, we will face difficult year-over-year comps due to the strong cross-border growth we saw in 2018. This is especially true for January as we are lapping significant cryptocurrency wallet funding and particularly strong European activity impart due to the timing of certain holidays a year ago. This has been proven impacted by some poor weather conditions in Europe this year.  For the year, we expect cross-broader growth will be about mid-teens. And this is contemplated in our thoughts for revenue growth for the year. And I'm going to switch gears a little bit and talk about a lot of long-term performance objectives. And we will start here on slide nine, how we did against our 2016 to 2018 performance objectives, which were set out on a currency mutual basis, excluding special items and acquisitions made during the period and will build up an earning base that excluded certain one-time tax benefits recognized in 2015. So recall that we actually updated our estimates last February for the impact of the new revenue recognition rules and the U.S. Tax Reform. So as you can see here on the slide, we delivered very strong results over this period. Net revenue grew at a CAGR of 15% slightly ahead of our most recent estimate. We achieved our annual margin commitment and delivered 28% compound annual EPS growth over the period, which includes a 3 percentage point benefit due to U.S. Tax Reform. So now I'm turning to slide 10, to lay out our new performance objectives. Again for a three year period, so from 2019 to 2021. And as usual, all the numbers I'm going to give you will be on a currency neutral basis excluding future acquisitions and special items. So based on the excellent performance over the last few years, we believe that we are very well positioned to continue to; one, grow our core consumer and commercial business to expand the solutions and market share growth, enhance our digital capabilities to enable more online and mobile transactions in a seamless and secure way and grow our overall acceptance footprint. Two, advance our B2B capabilities with new solutions like the Mastercard B2B Hub and Mastercard Track. At the same time, we will continue to lay the groundwork for future growth in faster payments by investment in infrastructure, applications and value added services. And finally, further expand our capabilities and services such as safety and security solutions, data analytics and loyalty, which together we expect to grow faster than the core business. As a result, we believe that we can deliver a low-teens compound annual net revenue growth rate over the next three years. This is based on a PCE growth of approximately 4% to 5% globally and therefore does not assume a significant economic downturn. These objectives also exclude progress on our goal of entering the domestic payments market in China and reflect minimum net pricing over the period.  In terms of operating margin objective, we continue to focus on top and bottom-line growth by investing for the long-term. As you all know, we are not managing to a particular margin outcome. But for those of you, who would like to see some assurance that we continue to be prudent with our investments and expenses, we’re keeping the minimum 50% annual operating margin threshold as part of our long-term performance objective. So consistent with the revenue profile, I just described. And based on the 2018 non-GAAP EPS number of $6.49, which excludes special charges. We expect a high-teens earnings per share CAGR over the 2019 to 2021 period. This assumes a tax rate of 19% to 20% and includes the impact of continued share repurchases. So, now let me give you a little bit more for our thoughts on 2019 and you can see that on slide 11. Again, I would describe those on a currency neutral basis and exclude special items and future acquisitions. We anticipate continued strong growth in our business in 2019, but have assumed a slight moderation in the overall economic environment from 2018. So for net revenue we expect to grow at a low teens rate. In the first quarter growth will be about 2 ppt lower than the annual estimate primarily due to the difficult comps in the year ago quarter. You may recall that in Q1 last year we had a relatively strong cross border and services revenue and relatively low rebates and incentives and as this normalizes through the year and we implement business wins we expect that the currency neutral net revenue growth rate will increase in the balance of the year. Foreign exchange is expected to be about a 2 ppt headwind to annual growth and given the current strength in the U.S. dollar this will be a much larger headwind in the first quarter at about 5 ppt due to the profile of the year ago exchange rates. On operating expenses, we expect growth for the year at the high end of the high single-digit range, as we continue to invest in expanding our digital solutions, safety and security products, data analytics, geographic expansion and platforms to address new payment flows. In the first quarter, we also intent to fund the Mastercard Impact Fund at a similar level to what we contributed last year in Q1. Based on current rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a 1 ppt tailwind to operating expenses for the year and a 2 ppt tailwind for the quarter. From a sensitivity standpoint a $0.01 change in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the euro is expected to have just under a $50 million annual impact to revenue considering both transactional and translational effects. Similarly a $0.01 change in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the Brazilian real is expected to have an approximately $25 million annual impact to revenue. We estimate the tax rate to be approximately 19% to 20% for the year. So with that, let me turn the call back to Warren to begin our Q&A session. Warren?
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you Martina. Heidi, we’re now ready for the question and answer session. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] and your first question comes from the line of Craig Maurer with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Craig Maurer: Yes, hi thanks. Two questions for you, first versus what your main competitor said last night your commentary on the global outlook seems far more sanguine. Is this a reflection of generally Mastercard’s progress in taking share globally and how that’s informing your view of the year? And secondly to what degree should we expect progress in VocaLink this year and progress in real time ACH payments across geographies? Thanks.
Ajay Banga: Craig, I think the first part is a combination of two or three things, one of which is, yes, we’ve been growing share for the last few years and that gives us some degree of a better leg to stand on. But remember, we’ve also been diversifying our revenues with more legs to the revenue stool, so to say, which includes services. And as Martina told you we expect services revenue to grow faster than our core payments revenue. And so we too have a sense in our business -- of our numbers I cannot compare those to what competitors feel remember I'm talking about ours as a vision of our company. And I feel relatively good about those numbers. The thought about the world economy as a whole, I mean, look it’s based on assessment of travel and knowledge and research and data and my sense is that our worldwide economic situation is still in a relatively good place even though we’re reaching the 10th year of a global expansion. And will that change over the next year or two, who knows? Will it change someday, for sure, just I don’t think that 2019 is a year in which you will see more than some moderation that’s our current assumption over 2018. That moderation is built into Martina’s commentary about the way we think about our performance in 2019. So that’s the way we’ve put our thoughts together. The part about VocaLink and about fast ACH, we’re -- my sense is -- first of all in the UK VocaLink’s position and business and its relationships with all the contracts they have has received good support and extensions. So that's a good thing. In markets outside, software has been implemented in the U.S. and is rolling out it’s there in a number of markets in Thailand and parts of the Nordics. We believe that there are tons of opportunities coming along for infrastructure in a number of countries. Now once the RFP is won it takes years to actually put those switches up on the ground. There's also opportunities to partner with domestic switches to improve their capabilities. Some of which you will see us talk about over the next six to nine months.  But you should remember that to me faster payments is not a sprint like digital payments and acceptance these are marathons and we are willing to play the marathon.
Craig Maurer: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Moshe Orenbuch: Great, thanks. Maybe we could kind of talk about the outlook in the U.S., I mean, you alluded to some wins and I think Cabela’s was certainly one. Are there others that we would see during 2019 that are going to be converted? And how do you think about the underlying situation, is there likely an impact from what's going on with tax refunds in terms of either amounts or timing of consumer spending.
Martina Hund-Mejean: We don't really see a very significant change in terms of what we see in our numbers in the U.S. When you look at the GDV growth in the United States, in fact we had a little bit of a higher GDV growth versus Q3 that is a predominantly driven because of the conversions and the wins that we had. We continue to see some of that for the rest of 2019 and even when you split that out, we believe that the U.S. is actually still performing relatively well. We also see actually a relatively good cross-border trends from people traveling from the U.S. to other countries.  We saw very, very small decline from other countries traveling into the U.S. given the stronger U.S. dollar, but it was a relatively small decline from a growth rate. So it's still growing, but it was just a little bit of a smaller growth rate. So, we feel relatively good.  As you heard, what I said in my prepared remarks as well as what Ajay reinforced, 2019 in our numbers we put a little bit of a moderation from a personal consumption expenditure in there. Personal assumption expenditure worldwide last year was a little over 5% like 5.3%, 5.4%. You can see that we put a little bit of a lower number for our 2019 numbers also for our three year long-term performance outlook in there because at some point in time you do have to expect a bit of a downturn.
Moshe Orenbuch: Thanks so much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ramsey El-Assal with Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Ramsey El-Assal : Thanks for taking my question, guys. You mentioned in guidance that your three year CAGR does not include minimal pricing. I guess, just very generally speaking how would you characterize your ability to take price versus the last three year cycle or even prior to that?
Martina Hund-Mejean: So Ramsey, we really have not made any significant changes on the philosophy of how we do pricing. Pricing is value added, the customer has to feel that they would like to have that product and that service and that their product in that service brings value add to the company to the customer and therefore we are getting compensated for it. And we really have not changed that in any shape or form. And as part of that, of course, from time-to-time we are able to make some price adjustments. But believe me, these are not only up price adjustments some are also actually down price adjustments. And that's what we do from a list price point of view, we do it in many countries around the world some is regional pricing. In addition to that you have to factor in of course field pricing. And this is a competitive situation as you know it gets more and more competitive as you're talking about larger clients, larger clients are more demanding than some very smaller clients. And so, you have to be responsive to that. And so our promise about minimal pricing includes really both of those components. List price and the changes that we make from time-to-time as well as deal pricing.
Ramsey El-Assal: Thanks. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Tien-Tsin Huang: Hi, thanks good morning. Just wanted to expand on Craig and Ramsey’s question and looking at the next three years versus the past three years. I'm curious, if you see a difference in where the growth is actually coming from. Because it feels like you have more contribution from FinTech and net new logo wins, is that fair? And does your secular guidance include any meaningful contribution from the new payment flows that you've been investing a bunch in?
Ajay Banga: Yes, Tien-Tsin, it includes all those. I'd say, as Martina said, clearly we expect our diversified revenues from services, from these new businesses to give us a higher growth rate than what we would get from our core payments over the coming three years. And that's what you would expect considering they're growing off one, a smaller base; and two, where we're getting into our stride with some of those that we've been investing in for three, four, five years. There are others where the investment is one and two years old and those probably will only show results hopefully maybe towards the later part of this next three year cycle or maybe even in the next three year cycle after that. And that's kind of the marathon comment that I was making in response to Craig. So it's a mix of stuff, but you should expect us to continue to grow our services revenue at a faster rate than our core payments revenue. Within our core payments, really we see growth and secular movement to electronic forms of commerce helped and share wins helped and a broader and expanded platform of products helped sold us acceptance and sold us digitization. So it’s a mix of things that are built into growing the core, diversifying our client base, but remember that building new services will give us more than the other two growth rates over the next three years.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes. And just to add to that, on the B2B side of course, that is also adding something to the bottom line and that's where we're looking at it in two different parts. One, our commercial business that we have today, which is really our core commercial business, which is more card-based that is continuing to grow actually we are seeing very good growth rates in that. But in addition to that all the B2B verticals that we're building out both from a domestic and from a cross-border point of view such as the B2B Hub, such as Mastercard Track. And again as Ajay said, we think that by the end of the period, you are going to see some added numbers because of that.
Ajay Banga: That's why I was talking about being excited about the MYOB business in Australia. I was just in Australia last week, and it's a really interesting effort to take the B2B Hub outside of the U.S. and that's early days that's one of those that we're in the early stage of investing.
Tien-Tsin Huang: That's great. Thanks for that, good results and thanks for the FX sensitivity Martina as well. Appreciate it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Lisa Ellis : Hi, good morning guys. Nice quarter. My question is related to the longer term trends around cross-border. I was just looking back and I mean back in I guess fiscal 2016 your overall cross-border volume growth on an FX neutral basis was around 12% more or less in line with purchase volumes, but then it up ticked in 2017 to about 15%, up ticked again in 2018 to more like 18%. And I know you said it's going to moderate a little bit, but still be strong in 2019.  Can you just -- putting aside the sort of quarterly gyrations, can you just talk about that evolution over multi-year period, like what's driving that sustained outperformance? I think Martina, you've mentioned before that you've kind of got an internal team focused on it. Can you just give a little bit more color there to give us a sense for where that's headed over the longer term?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, I mean, we really have a multi-faceted effort really kind of like running this like a business in terms of what we're doing from a cross-border focus point of view. And you just -- you are seeing fruits of the labors really coming through even though I have to tell you 2019 where we have a 19% cross-border growth as we have said before that was extraordinary and you shouldn't expect that to repeat itself every year.
Ajay Banga: In 2018.
Martina Hund-Mejean: In 2018. So in…
Ajay Banga: We’re already in 2019 mentally, but we are still taking 2018.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So in 2019, that's why I guided you guys more to around a mid-teens rate. So all of the work that we have been doing, obviously, it all starts on what kind of portfolios you're going after, right? What kind of clients are you working with? What kind of portfolios are you getting from the clients? But then secondly, once you have the portfolios, you have to do very particular things in order to get cross-border growth going in terms of how people are using that particular product, how you make sure that people know that this is a fantastic product to use that if you do certain things you actually get the best foreign exchange rates, which Mastercard can give. So there are many, many different facets which allow us to work and by the way, this comes out of our advisors group in a very big way, with the client, in terms of optimizing those kinds of portfolios. And we have a very honed skill in order to be able to do that. In addition to that, when you look at the various verticals, so what I talk mostly about right now is the consumer and the commercial portfolios, where are travelers actually using the cards, where it’s being used in the e-commerce space. As you know, we have also focused for many years now really on the virtual card product that is being used by a number of our clients also in the sense of a cross-border transaction. And that has made a fairly significant difference over those years.
Ajay Banga: Lisa, the only thing I’d add to is, put an envelope around this and start with the thinking of cross-border is both determined by the level of travel and tourism on the one hand and a consumer level combined with corporate travel and commercial travel at a commercial level, combined with cross-border e-commerce. When you look at all three together, we get what the market is growing at in a secular way. How much we extract from that secular growth is the effort that our team tries to put in using analytics and data and targeted offers of the type that Martina is referring to. And then the third part of it is, if you have the right portfolios you can get a little bit more out of it. And I think we've got a little bit of all of those working some as tailwinds, some as headwinds I am pretty certain that most people and most companies in the space would try and do things of the time we're talking about. It's not rocket science, it's a question of disciplined execution.
Lisa Ellis : Terrific. Thank you. Thanks for the color.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of James Friedman with Susquehanna. Please go ahead. 
James Friedman: Hi, thanks. It's Jamie. I just wanted to ask with regard to the cycle guidance site. I realized that the services is contemplated to grow in excess of the corporate average is commercial writ large, including B2B. Is that also contemplated to grow faster than corporate average? Thank you.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Jamie, we're really not providing any individual guidance on this. So most of the commercial portfolio is part of the core and as you just heard us say, the new stuff in B2B, we are building out as we speak. So that's the B2B Hub, that is Mastercard Track and a number of things that we are doing on the cross-border space.
James Friedman: Okay. Got it, thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Eric Wasserstrom with UBS. Please go ahead.
Eric Wasserstrom: Thanks very much. Two questions please, the first Martina just on the going back to the three year performance objectives, just intuitively, the delta between the low-teens on revenue and the high-teens on EPS. If we extrapolate the current level of share repurchases still implies something around 100 basis points of annual operating margin improvement. So, can you just maybe touch on that issue?
Martina Hund-Mejean: So, listen, as I said in my prepared remarks, we really do not run the company by just expanding operating margin. We run the company for top-line growth and bottom-line growth. And depending how you put it together, and you just said it, you can do math, I can do math. By itself, it might imply an expansion in the operating margin, but I don't want you to take this to the bank, because investments will continue to be made in a number of areas in order to continue to have the top line grow for many, many years to come. So we have that flexibility to be able to do that. 
Ajay Banga: Just in terms of management philosophy, this is really important we do not measure ourselves by expansion of operating margin, we do not. If we were to do that you would think that we would be in an industry of a very mature type where expansion of margin is what I should be holding up as my management objective. But I feel we’re in a growth industry with enormous opportunities, as I’ve been saying for the last decade for the next decade. In that industry, having the management discipline to focus on expanding the franchise, but doing it on a profitable way is the way we present our goals. So the idea of sticking to a minimum operating margin is just for you all and every investor telling by side to realize that we are not throwing the company out of the water.  We’re really working it hard and working every lines of P&L, but also to be honest to the way, in which we operate every day and every minute of the day, which is grow the franchise and do it profitably as compared to find ways to expand the operating margin as the only management objective. That’s what we’re trying to give you as a threading of the needle here. Given to myself I would even have dropped the idea of talking about the 50% operating margin because we’re beyond it already. I'm just doing it to reassure you that we’re sensible and disciplined about managing profitability.
Eric Wasserstrom: Got it, okay. That’s very clear, thank you. And then, Ajay, if I could just follow up on one strategic initiative the expansion of the B2B Hub into Australia is that targeting a similar sort of middle market corporate profile? And can you give us a sense of how you’re defining the TAM opportunity?
Ajay Banga: Yes, it’s targeting small and middle market not just middle market in fact MYOB is one of the most interesting providers of local on the ground expertise in providing payments and supply enablement and reconciliation services to both small and middle market corporate clients in Australia. And this partnership with them that has been a year in the making is actually very interesting for us because it is validation of the idea of the B2B Hub that originated in the United States as being possible in another market. And I want to take it to more markets as the next few years go by that’s the objective. But right now in Australia we’re just focused on executing it well to get to the 60,000 customers that MYOB has, which as I said have got a fairly large volume of revenue and payment size going through them. That gives you bill presentment, supply enablement, payments capability, reconciliation of payments versus what’s due in the bills, it gives you all that capability through this relationship with MYOB.
Eric Wasserstrom: Thanks very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller: Hey, thanks guys. Quick question on e-comm growth, when you think about -- on overall cross border growth I mean in terms of the deceleration, can you just quickly touch on the components was e-comm holding up, was the physical point of sale and then what kind of contribution from Maestro?  And Ajay just a higher level question when you think about the backdrop term of this uncertain macro, can we revisit your willingness and ability to manage expenses if it were necessary? How much are you able to -- could we see a low single-digit expense growth if the economy really turn I just to be curious your thoughts. Thanks guys.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Okay. First of all on cross-border, so let me give you a little bit more detail. 2018 as I said was 19% for the whole year the fourth quarter of 2018 was 17% and impart was obviously because of the cryptocurrency that we had at the year ago quarter. And then there are a few ups and downs quite frankly just to give you a little bit more detail on this one. So for instance when you look at Brazil, when you look at Argentina, of course with the devaluation of the currency there was a bit of an impact on it. In Sweden, we had a deal lapping, in Canada because of the stronger U.S. dollar you have that a little bit going down. But that all was offset pretty much by a terrific performance in China and in Japan and that’s why you’re not seeing a lot of variations in the Q4 numbers. And then when you go to January 28 days, the 28 day number down to the 12%, pretty much all of these factors were the same factors other than the ones that I called out, which were on top of it. A year ago quarter had particularly large European cross-border and it imparted was because of how the French take vacation by the way. And in this year, we were hit by the snowstorm that started at the end of the first week of January.
Ajay Banga: I just want you to know she is married to a Frenchman. I don't want to start a political circumstance, but she is married to a Frenchman. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: So that is a little bit -- was a hit on that one. And we called out the cryptocurrency on that one already. So it’s really nothing this year is going on, and that's why we have the confidence for the rest of the year. On e-comm you asked a particular question on that, cross-border e-comm we saw the growth rate just going down a tag.
Darrin Peller: Okay. 
Ajay Banga: To your question on expense. I'm not going to tell you what number we could come to, because I don't know until we dealing with it, again we just as back in the 2009 and 2010 period. You should know that if we see a sustained economic downturn then is where we'd like to take a look at some of the expenses. My desire to play with expenses only works in a sustained downturn. If it's a quarter here or a quarter there, I'd be lost to stop investing in the right things, whether it's new product development or it's service capability or it’s even the investment in the brand. But we've got a number of levers in our expenses, some of which have a shorter-term turnaround, some of which have a longer-term impact. And you should -- if you go back and look at our behavior around expenses some years ago, we're very committed to being managing our way through it. As you can imagine when we make budgets for the year, we go through upside and downside scenarios. And given all the chatter in the environment around 2019, we’ve been even more careful this year in our downside scenario and our thinking around it.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, and I think as you heard me say many times we don't leave this as just a scenario, we actually operationalize these scenarios. So if we ever see that something is happening in particular in the economic environment and we need to course correct from an expense point of view. All of our business units already know today what they will have to do and it will take them very little time to revisit the plan and to execute the way that we should be executing for you guys.
Darrin Peller: All right, makes sense. Thanks guys. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
James Schneider: Thanks for taking my question, good morning. I was wondering if you can maybe make -- it was one question and one clarification. First of all, you talked about the various drivers of the longer term outlook. But can you maybe quantify for us or dimensionalize the size of the B2B opportunity, especially for accounts payable and receivable. And how big that could potentially be towards the end of your forecasted outlook period? And then, maybe as a clarification, talk about exactly how much of a PCE slowdown you're expecting in 2019 relative to the broader longer outlook period? Thank you.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Jim, that really sounds like we should be helping you with your modeling questions. So listen, I'm not going to give you a lot more on B2B, you're going to have to reflect back to what we talked about the overall B2B opportunity, which is $120 trillion opportunity and what we said is that we are going after very particular slices of that B2B opportunity. So we're not going to run after all of the $120 trillion. And some of the things that we're already investing and like the B2B Hub, like Track, like what you're hearing from us from a cross-border point of view are actually attacking those kind of opportunities. And of course over the next three to five to seven years we are going to expect that some of that will manifest itself in revenue growth. For your 2019 question, really what we did is we put in a moderate downturn. So it's something that we can digest within the thoughts that I gave you from a low-teens revenue number for 2019. 
Warren Kneeshaw : Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harshita Rawat with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Harshita Rawat: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I want to ask about emerging markets, now emerging markets such as India likely a decent portion of your consumer to business addressable market. And on one hand these markets are greenfield with a lot of growth opportunities. On the other hand the competitive landscape is very different and you also have some accelerating government intervention and expansion by Chinese giants. So in that context can you talk about some of the steps you're taking to grow these markets and mitigate the risk of share losses and the risk of being disadvantaged by government nationalism.
Ajay Banga: The emerging markets are certainly attractive for the next decade or two I would tell you that of the total revenue that they comprise today of our business, you would be surprised that how small they are in the totality. So I think you've got to just think through as I said even in my remarks on China we don't really play in the domestic market as of now. And so the impact on us directly is relatively small.  India is an interesting market as well has grown well, but at the end of the day the total impact to our revenue is still relatively small. That does not mean that a decade from now these won't be more attractive markets they're growing and they're attractive, their dynamics are different as you said. We are trying to play on multiple levels. The first is, we believe that our attitude towards the emerging markets be it Asia or Africa or Latin America or the Middle East is that we are there because the governments want us there. And so we go there with respect for that government and its sovereignty and we try and work with them in a way that show that we bring value to their economy to convert from cash to electronic payments to get safer transactions with better data being used for safety and services of that type as well as to get simple seamless experiences expand acceptance, improve the tax net, do things that governments find to be useful. And also distribute services to the bottom of the pyramid through financial inclusion. That's why you find us working so hard on expanding inclusive growth around the world. That's why we made that commitment of 500 million people to be reached by 2020. We're now at 360 plus million and counting we just got 20 million more in Mexico that I talked about. So you could see us approaching it first from a societal and government level with respect for what they need for their citizenry. We do request as far as possible so we get a level playing field to be able to compete and bring the best of quality and the best of capabilities, so the local consumer can win. If after that the government chooses to bias the system in some way towards a local player versus another player that's their decision. They're entitled to make a decision in their market playing by the rules or whatever they're signed up for global engagement. That's up to that country. If their rules require them to open their market they should. If their rules allow them to operate in a closed market, they should it’s their decision, that’s the first part. Then the rest of it is the playbook we employ everywhere else. Best quality product, no differentiation or what's offered there versus a developed market, best quality of pricing, best capability of people being attached to it, global technology, global data, global cyber security standards, one technology release around the world. So if we learn something in one country it's available to every emerging market try doing that market-by-market, it's very expensive. That's what we're trying to do. Just tackling it piece-by-piece working on acceptance right from there upwards.  Look at India, acceptance in India has grown to more than 5 million points from 1 million a couple of years ago. Not just because of our efforts, but also because of the government's efforts to make it happen. Or in QR acceptance in India. India still has a huge opportunity there are 60 million merchants we’ve reached 5 million, there is 55 million more to go. So my concern is less and I'm going to shut up after this on this topic about our share from within a small pie if electronic payments. My interest is more in growing the pie of electronic payments in the emerging markets. I think that opportunity is much more liberating and much more thoughtful than trying to argue about your share in a small pie.
Harshita Rawat : Okay, thank you very much. 
Warren Kneeshaw : We have reached the end of our allotted time. so, Ajay any final comments.
Ajay Banga: Sure, thank you all for your questions. And a few closing thoughts, we had a very strong end to the year bringing 2018 to a record close. We are executing against our strategy, we are growing our core products and diversifying our customer base and we're building new capabilities in so many sectors and services. We continue to drive solid deal momentum and I think Martina and I are very pleased to outline the company's new performance objective. We feel we have positioned ourselves well with our investments and our execution to drive continued strong growth in the future. So with that, thank you for your continuing support of all of us in the company and thank you for joining us today.
Operator: And with that, this does conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc. Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc. Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.
Analysts: Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Merrill Lynch James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Donald Fandetti - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Lisa Ellis - MoffettNathanson LLC Craig Jared Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Denise, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mastercard Q3 2018 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference, sir.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Thank you, Denise. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2018 earnings call. With me today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data, and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a currency-neutral basis and exclude special items unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their GAAP equivalents. Please note that due to our decision to deconsolidate our Venezuelan entity starting this year, we are providing additional information regarding our switched transaction and card growth rates. The adjusted growth rates eliminate Venezuelan switched transactions and card counts from prior periods so that you can better understand the underlying growth rates of our business. Our comments on the call today will be on the basis of these adjusted growth rates. These are the only supplemental operational metrics which are significantly impacted by the deconsolidation. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I would like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I will now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Ajay Banga.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Thanks, Warren, and good morning, everybody. Strong performance continued this quarter. We had revenue growth of 17% and EPS growth of 36% versus a year ago on a currency-neutral basis and excluding special items. But if you further exclude the impact of the accounting changes that affect year-over-year comparisons, our underlying net revenue growth was 14% and our operating income increased by 19%. I think these results reflect our operational focus, our market share growth, and I think strong underlying business fundamentals while we continue to invest in the business for the longer term. So let's start with the macroeconomic environment. We continue to see solid overall growth, although just like others, we are keeping an eye out for potential impacts related to fiscal stimulus reductions, rising interest rates, and possibly increased trade barriers, which could slow global economic growth. In addition, we are monitoring the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar on cross-border flows and the economic weakness in some emerging market countries. In the U.S., economic growth remains positive. Low unemployment, healthy consumer confidence helped. Our SpendingPulse estimate for Q3 showed retail sales remained strong and were actually up 5.2% ex-auto, ex-gas versus a year ago. Businesses are investing, and the provisional agreement on a new trade deal in North America is good news both in terms of the stability it will provide for companies as they plan their supply chains and due to some of the specific terms that it includes that we believe will be beneficial to our industry. Overall conditions in Europe remain stable. Unemployment continues to decline. Consumer confidence remains strong in areas such as the Nordics while I think there are political concerns there in countries – some of them, including the UK, Italy and Turkey. In Latin America, the elections in Brazil and Mexico are now behind us, and the real and peso recovered somewhat, although yesterday was not a great day for the peso. At this stage, we are waiting to see how the economic and fiscal policy agendas develop as these new administrations take office. We're also monitoring a few potential headwinds in Asia. Although consumer sentiment remains relatively positive, trade tensions are weighing on business sentiment, most notably in China and Japan and Korea. Against that backdrop, we are driving healthy double-digit volume and transaction growth for Mastercard across most of our markets, with momentum across our core products and services. And let me, as usual, give you a few examples. First, we have expanded our existing relationship with HSBC, including winning new business in the UK, Hong Kong, and Mexico. And like many of our customers, HSBC will now also leverage Mastercard Labs' rapid prototyping capabilities along with Mastercard Advisors and our data and analytics services to help optimize their portfolios. In North America, we've continued to build momentum in the co-brand states, and this quarter we announced that we will be the exclusive network for the new Air France-KLM co-brand portfolio with Bank of America, which includes a suite of enhanced travel benefits. We also expanded our partnership with Kroger, which includes joint efforts to improve the customer experience to create a safer, more efficient check-out experience. Kroger will leverage a broad array of Mastercard's products and solutions, including data analytics, fraud tools, and digital services. We're also going to migrate their commercial card business to Mastercard, and this partnership basically builds on the co-brand portfolio flip that we won last year. In Europe, we expanded our relationship with Bankia, one of the larger banks in Spain, to flip the vast majority of their debit and credit portfolios to Mastercard. Bankia will also leverage our Advisor and Labs services as we partner to build their business going forward. In Belgium, Mastercard was selected as IKEA's credit co-brand partner. And we've also extended our relationship with PayPal. Now as you know, we are PayPal's partner for almost all their credit and debit co-branded programs around the world. Now, we have also been selected as PayPal's partner as they embark on direct card issuance in Germany and the UK. In Germany, for example, we will work with PayPal to support digital cards issued in Google Pay wallets, which will enable German PayPal users to have access to contactless payments at the point of sale. In Asia-Pacific, we continue to benefit from strong deal momentum, and we are prioritizing two key areas: first, partnering with digital players to harness new payment flows; and secondly, increasing our participation in domestic transactions. So let's start with the digital players and harnessing new payment flows. Last week we announced a deal with Grab, which is a leading FinTech platform, digital wallet provider, and ride-sharing service in Southeast Asia. The Grab app has been downloaded onto more than 110 million mobile devices in the region. And through this relationship, Grab will offer its customers both a prepaid Mastercard within the Grab Pay wallet as well as a physical prepaid Mastercard to enable online and offline payments across a wide range of spend categories. The partnership also opens up the Grab Pay wallet for acceptance across the Mastercard merchant base using existing point-of-sale systems or QR codes. This Grab effort will initially launch in Singapore and the Philippines in 2019, and the plan is to quickly expand across six additional countries in Southeast Asia. In China, we have strengthened our cross-border and mobile presence through an exclusive cross-border credit co-brand program with the Ctrip Group and the Bank of East Asia. Ctrip is the largest online travel agency in China. 70% of their bookings, for example, are executed via mobile phones. Now the second part of the conversation in Asia was around increasing our participation in domestic transactions, so let me give you a couple of examples. In Thailand, in response to on-soil regulatory changes, we have built a co-badge partnership with NITMX, which is the leading domestic switch in the Thai market. That partnership enables us to deploy a range of Safety & Security and gateway services, and it will also allow us to significantly grow our co-badged debit share via flips and new issuance with four additional issuers in Thailand. Another example is Indonesia, where we recently launched on-soil debit switching, enabling us to comply with local regs but also work with domestic networks to integrate a set of value-added services. These local capabilities and the global acceptance footprint gave us the entry point to flip the closed-loop debit business of BCA, which is one of Indonesia's largest banks, to debit Mastercard. So those are some of the regional updates, and I'm going to highlight our progress in addressing new payment flows. On the B2B front, we are really excited about the launch of Mastercard Track, which is a global trade platform which we have developed in collaboration with Microsoft. Track basically solves key challenges in the procure-to-pay process, including managing supply chain risk and creating more transparency in the B2B payments process. We're going to deploy the platform through a phased rollout. The first phase is focused on helping corporations with the cumbersome process of compliance screening of new and existing suppliers. Now how we address that challenge is we provide a comprehensive trade directory, which is currently at more than 150 million businesses in over 75 countries. The trade directory includes corporate industry details, business credit scores, and compliance data, including sanction notifications and other regulatory information. The directory will be regularly updated to support a business's loyal customer and loyal supplier processes and includes automated change notifications to ensure that corporations understand the evolving risk across their supplier base. We're also going to build out additional capabilities on that platform, including the integration of our account-based payment rail. And eventually we envision that Track will enable B2B networks, banks, insurance companies, and technology providers to extend value-added services to business customers, including data analytics and supply chain finance. In Singapore, Track has already been integrated with the Networked Trade Platform, which is a trade and logistics platform developed by the Singaporean government, and it's got card payment facilities incorporated inside to facilitate secure and efficient electronic payments between buyers and suppliers. In the Faster Payments space, we have talked about the opportunity to leverage our assets to provide a combination of infrastructure applications and services to help solve customer needs across an entirely different set of rails, and a recent example of this is the announcement of the Mastercard Bill Pay Exchange. That's a digital application that will enable U.S. consumers to view, manage, and pay their bills instantly from their bank accounts. And the solution basically attempts to address consumer pain points like managing multiple billing sites and passwords, and most importantly remembering when bills are due. Consumers will be able to use their mobile banking app to set up a broad set of their billers, receive notifications when a bill is due, see the bill details, and specify when and how much they want to pay from their bank accounts. The Bill Pay Exchange will support payments over the clearinghouse's real-time payments infrastructure which, as you probably recall, is based on technology from VocaLink. It will also support traditional ACH payments, and card integration is planned for the future. The exchange includes a large community of over 100,000 U.S. billers, which is built on our existing Bill Pay network. And similar to how we distribute most products, this solution is designed to be offered through banks and credit unions, and the idea is to enable the bank or the credit union to become a one-stop shop for bill payments for their consumers. Other services there on our Faster Payments strategy, we have now launched AML Insights, which is our network-level anti-money laundering solution, currently in the UK. AML Insights runs advanced analytics to identify potential money laundering across the Faster Payments network there, and it helps our bank customers comply with their obligations. The solution has already been adopted by 10 banks representing over 90% of the UK market. We're in active discussions with prospective customers in several markets around the world. And finally, a quick update on our efforts to improve the online checkout experience for consumers, merchants, and issuers. Last week we announced that we are targeting to have token services on all cards by 2020, allowing consumers to store credentials at merchants without exposing their actual card details. That's the first part. The second part is we're improving the consumer authentication experience to move quickly and accurately and allow them to verify that a consumer is who they say they actually are. Our solution is called Mastercard Identity Check, which uses the data-rich EMV 3D secure authentication standard and applies our AI and behavioral biometric capabilities to verify the consumer with a single touch or click. We worked with issuers and merchants in the U.S. and Europe to enable this technology. It begins to roll out globally in early 2019. And finally, you've heard us talk about the importance of a safe, streamlined, and standardized online checkout experience for all key stakeholders. The Secure Remote Commerce framework, or SRC, will create a standard for a simplified and secure digital point-of-sale process. EMVCo's draft technical specs for SRC have now been finalized. We're working to complete the branding guidelines and other go-to-market considerations. We expect to begin the rollout of SRC in the second half of 2019. So with that, let me turn the call over to Martina for an update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning, everyone. Turning to page 3, despite the expected foreign exchange headwinds, we delivered another very strong quarter. Here are a few highlights on a currency-neutral basis excluding special items related to litigation provisions and the adjusted tax effects of previously recorded special items. Net revenue grew 17%, driven by strong underlying performance and includes a 3 ppt benefit from the new revenue recognition rules. Excluding this, underlying revenue growth was 14%. Operating income grew by 22%, or 19% if you exclude the revenue recognition rules impact. Net income was up 33%, reflecting strong operating results and the impact of the U.S. tax reform, which contributed approximately 9 ppt to net income growth. EPS was at $1.78, up by 36% year over year, with share repurchases contributing $0.04 per share. During the quarter we repurchased about $1.2 billion worth of stock and an additional $385 million through October 25. Let's turn to page 4, and here you can see the operational metrics for the third quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV, growth was 13% on a local currency basis, down 1 ppt from last quarter. We saw solid double-digit growth across most regions. U.S. GDV grew 9%, similar to last quarter, with credit and debit growth of 8% and 10% respectively. And outside of the U.S., volume growth was 15%, down 1 ppt from last quarter. Cross-border volume grew at 17% on a local currency basis, in line with expectations and driven by double-digits growth in all regions. This was down 2 ppt from the second quarter, primarily due to one less switching day in Q3 versus a year ago. Let me turn to page 5. Switching transactions continued to show strong growth at 16% globally, normalized to exclude Venezuelan transactions, as we no longer consolidate that entity. Again, there was one less switching day versus a year ago, which impacted growth by 1 ppt. We saw healthy growth in switched transactions across all regions, led by Europe and the U.S. In addition, global card growth was 6%, again normalized for Venezuela. Globally, there are 2.5 billion Mastercard and Maestro branded cards issued. Now let's turn to page 6 for highlights on a few of the revenue line items, again described on a currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. The 17% net revenue increase was in line with expectations, and was primarily driven by strong volume and transaction growth as well as growth in our services offerings. As I mentioned already, the new revenue recognition rules contributed 3 ppt to the growth rate. Excluding these impacts, underlying net revenue growth was 14%. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items, domestic assessments grew 24% while worldwide GDV grew 13%. The difference is mainly due to pricing and the impact of the new revenue recognition rules. Cross-border volume fees grew 18% while cross-border volume grew 17%. Transaction processing fees grew 17%, primarily driven by the 16% normalized growth in switched transactions as well as revenues from our various service offerings. And finally, other revenues grew 11%, driven by increases in our Advisors and Safety & Security services. Moving to page 7, you can see that total operating expenses increased 10% excluding special items on a currency-neutral basis. Within our expense growth, we had a 2 ppt increase related to the new revenue recognition rules, offset by a 2 ppt benefit associated with foreign exchange hedging losses in the year-ago period. I'm going to now turn to slide 8, and let's discuss what we have seen through the first three weeks of October. While drivers are generally similar, two are slightly better than what we saw in the third quarter on a normalized basis. Just remember, Q3 had one less switching day, which reduced each of the switched metrics by approximately 1 ppt. So the numbers through October 21 are as follows. Starting with switched volume, we saw global growth of 16%, an increase of 2 ppt compared to the third quarter. In the U.S., our switched volume grew 13%, a sequential increase of 3 ppt, aided in part by the timing of certain Social Security payments this quarter. And switched volume outside the U.S. grew 19%, up 1 ppt from the third quarter. Globally, switched transaction growth was 17%, up 1 ppt from the third quarter, with healthy growth in each region. With respect to cross-border, our volumes grew 18% globally, up 1 ppt sequentially. As a reminder, we will face a more difficult comp as this quarter progresses due to the timing of cryptocurrency-related activity last year. Turning to our thoughts for the full year 2018, which I will describe on a currency-neutral basis excluding special items, overall, not much has changed. The economic environment remains healthy, and we continue to expect year-over-year revenue growth to be in the high teens and operating expense growth to be in the mid-teens. As a reminder, these growth rates include the impact of the new revenue recognition rules that we adopted in 2018 and the full-year effect of acquisitions. A few other items of note, FX is now expected to have no real impact to revenue for the full year, and we expect Q4 to have a higher foreign exchange headwind to revenue than in Q3. We expect a sequential increase of operating expenses in Q4, due primarily to the timing of some of our marketing programs, and we estimate the tax rate will be approximately 19% for the year. With that, let me turn the call back to Warren to begin the Q&A session.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Thanks, Martina. Denise, we're now ready for the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Your first question comes from Jason Kupferberg from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, guys, just two quick ones here. I guess first, one for you, Ajay. I just wanted to take your temperature macro-wise. I'm not sure if your tone is maybe softening a little bit, some caution points out there, obviously U.S. equity markets dropping a lot this month. I'm not sure what your historical data would show in terms of potential impacts on consumer spending going forward. And then just, Martina, any comments on rebates? We were expecting the number to be a little higher in Q3. I know timing is always an issue here. Any changes in how you're thinking about full-year rebates? Is this just a timing issue between Q3 and Q4? Thanks, guys.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: On the macro, Jason, honestly, in our numbers, nothing is showing up that should give me reason to be cautious. If you look at our – even our three weeks of data that we've shown you till October 21, you'll find that consumer spending remains kind of robust or even a little better in some cases. So nothing is showing up directly. It's just at the end of the day, any of our time spent in industry and business, you do feel that if you've got trade values, if you've got discussions going on, on rising interest rates and the removal of liquidity in the system, at some point in time that should have an impact overall on the economy, if nothing else, to slow down the growth rate a little to keep the heat down, if anything else. And so that's part of you that you're hearing me speak about because I don't have any indicator in the system that I could point to that should give you either exuberance or caution where we are today. We're going along the way we see our data, which is good spending, even in the three weeks of October that we shared with you.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: And on rebates and incentives, as you know, Jason, our first quarter was actually the low quarter from a rebates and incentive cost point of view. Second and third quarter are very similar, and we continue to expect strong deal activity into the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. I want to ask a question on cross-border. Obviously, that was still strong and it looks like it improved a little bit in October. Can you maybe give us a little bit of color on some of the regional composition of that, and anything in that that have implications in terms of you taking a more cautious view on spreads or cross-border pricing, and then just in the general macro sense, in any particular region?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Cross-border has continued to be very strong. And in fact, when you look at the Q3 numbers, they're very similar to the Q2 numbers when you adjust for the switching day. And you can see that when you look at the October 21 stats, it continues to be very strong. So we put out a bit of a cautionary note on that because when you remember the fourth quarter of last year, in particular at the end of November into December, we saw all that cryptocurrency-related activity that we don't expect to repeat. In fact, that activity has gone down in a very significant way. The areas that we're looking at very carefully is, of course, one, what is happening from a strengthening U.S. dollar point of view. So we can already see that cross-border inbound into the U.S. has been – the growth rate has been declining versus what we saw in Q2. And in addition to that, we're looking at some of the emerging market phenomena in terms of people being able to travel. So I would watch out for countries like Brazil, Indonesia, a number of other countries on this. But also we watch very carefully on Canada as well as Australia because how these currencies behave versus the U.S. dollar very much impact what our cross-border volume growth does.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Donald Fandetti - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. Ajay, as you look out, the market seems to be convinced that there's a potential recession coming into the U.S. And if you look back at your company, you had very good revenue growth through the downturn. Can you talk a little bit about what the playbook would be in this scenario? Do you still feel like pricing could be a buffer and take cost out, or do you feel like you have a similar type of buffer?
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: I don't know about the conclusion that the market is pricing in a recession or the market is pricing in a correction caused by the reality of increasing Fed rates and reducing liquidity. I don't know that yet, so I think I'd be cautious on including that as of now. But having said that, I guess your question really is, what's our flex in our P&L to manage our way through cycles of different types? Our revenue is built out of multiple legs of the stool, first of all. One part of it is clearly impacted by personal consumption expenditure [PCE]. It tends to be the quickest impact on our revenue. So if PCE in the U.S. tomorrow slows in its growth rate from the 5.2% that I referred to for Q3 in the SpendingPulse ex-auto, ex-gas, to, let's say, 4.5%, that impacts our revenue immediately. What's happened in past cycles on that has been that while some countries slow down, others pick up. And over a period of two to three years, you tend to find that global PCE, supported in addition by the secular shift from cash to electronic, gives us a reasonable multiple legs of the stool to keep some form of revenue growth going through that period. Our pricing is a function of what you think the market can bear, both on acquiring pricing and issuing pricing. But remember, we now have another leg of the stool, which is our services, and there's pricing there as well. So it's Safety & Security tools. It's data analytics and consulting, all of which tend to get used a great deal more when people feel the pressure to grow their own company's revenue or manage their own expenses or be more efficient. So I actually think our multiple legs of the revenue stool, if anything, will help us through the next challenging set of circumstances in an even better way than it was 10 years ago. On the expense side, we've got two forms of expenses that can be dialed up or down. Remember, we are putting a lot of money consciously into strategic growth initiatives. Some of that is people, and that's a cost that you incur to get the right quality of skills and talent. But some of it is technology and the rollout of new products and new platforms. Clearly if there's a pullback, you will find lower appetite for rolling out some of those new products and platforms. We can expect some of that to show up in our expenses. A&M is an obvious one. Marketing can be another one that can be played with and dialed with during times of crisis. But as we've shown some years back, we know how to manage our expenses tightly and down when there's a crisis as well. So I'd say – you're going to get more of this from Martina, but on the revenue side of the stool, more legs and therefore some degree of balance; on the expense side, a couple of good levers to play with. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Just to add, every time that we put our yearly budget together, we put obviously a base plan together based on our base assumptions on what we think revenues will be and what we can afford from an investment point of view, both in the core as well as additional investments that we are making into our strategic initiatives. But at the same time, we actually always put a couple of downside scenarios together so that the entire organization actually premeditates if a downturn were to come down the road what we actually have to do so that we don't have to scramble at that point in time. We have a roadmap. The roadmap is very defined. Obviously, when anything happens, you refresh your roadmap, but the company is able to course-correct if it needs to be course-correct. And let me just add a couple of things to that. First of all, if it's a modest downturn, generally we would not be cutting out strategic initiatives. We would have to find our way through it because from a long-term perspective, we are obviously looking at long-term growth and garnering that. If we were to shortchange some the strategic initiatives, we would not be able to do that and really create the kind of value that you want to have for our shareholders. However, if it's a more severe downturn, then it's some of the things that Ajay said jumping in where we would evaluate very carefully which initiatives we would continue and which ones we would maybe mothball for a while.
Donald Fandetti - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning. Just wanted to ask on the pipeline for new deals and renewals and how you'd characterize that and your win share so far. Looks like obviously with KLM, that was a nice one, so just curious what the go-forward looks like.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: So, Tien-Tsin, across the board we are still continuing to win share, and just remember that this is not just against one competitor. This is obviously against domestic competitors too. And secondly, from a pipeline point of view, we look pretty strong. You can see that in the rebates and incentives number. I do expect that that will continue to grow. And the agreements that we have announced, most of them will be rolling out between the first and the fourth quarter of 2019.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, thanks, guys. When looking at the strong trends, even into calendar fourth quarter, just how much of that is really market share? I know the switching day helps, obviously, but market share versus macro strength. And then just as a follow-on to that, can you just touch on the contribution of the potential benefits from the Maestro conversion you're seeing? How much is that impacting numbers now? It seems like it's got a long road ahead of it, but really good benefits. Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: So, Darrin, it's tough for us to parse this apart. The macroeconomic environment is obviously good in many countries around the world. And it is, as Ajay was saying, driving quite a bit of our revenue growth. But every quarter, we're winning from a market share point of view, given the kind of announcements that you have. So that is an added benefit. And then don't forget the secular trend is also an added benefit. So we are not seeing any changes in terms of the three drivers of our core business besides what we're actually doing on the services side, which is another growth driver for us. From a Maestro conversion point of view, I think you are seeing probably in this data about 9 million cards or so have gone away from the Maestro card. Pretty much all of them got flipped to a debit Mastercard. And as we told you before, the Maestro product, given that it cannot be used in a number of different ways, like on e-commerce, but the debit Mastercard product can be used, that we see much more significant volume on it as well as the pricing is different. So it's a nice contribution to what we're seeing on the debit side.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. Your line is open.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks. Ajay, you talked about the SRC initiative in your prepared remarks. I'm curious how confident you feel the industry players will come together with a strong solution that competes with the other players out there. And perhaps you could just talk about the value proposition to the various constituencies. And then secondly, Martina, you guys have had obviously very strong growth in revenues on the back of all the various things you talked about. Just in terms – you haven't provided formal guidance yet, but is there any reason outside of a macro situation that you couldn't continue or sustain these trends? Thanks.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: So on SRC, Sanjay, I think it's all early days, but I'm pretty confident that the issuing and acquiring and merchant community will see, say, a lot of value out of SRC. I have a very simple logic for the response we get when we talk about SRC to any of those communities. The first one is, there is plateau on our checkout page, and there are going to be multiple checkout points. The second one is, it's just harder for a merchant or an issuing bank or an acquiring bank to have to handle multiple checkout options for the purposes of digital and online purchases. And so both of those are appealing to the entire community, and that appeal is what we're hearing back from them. So getting the standards right, which is why it took us the time that EMVCo, which is a body that comprises, as you know, the networks, the issuing banks, but also some merchants are now part of the advisory group there, they're all involved with this together with us in an effort to create the right standards that not only provide for simplicity of integration and checkout, but also for higher standards of security for the merchant and the consumer and the issuer and acquirer. So I think they're actually building this infrastructure the right way for all the different stakeholders in the system. Obviously, the one group of stakeholders we haven't yet tested it on is the consumer because it hasn't reached them yet, and that one we'll see. And the proof of the pudding will be in the eating, but at the end of the day, there's no reason why they wouldn't find it the right thing to use. So my general view of this thus far from all the interactions is very, very optimistic. Now it's going to be a run. It's not going to be something that's going end in a 100-yard dash. So we've got to get it out, get the standards frozen, get all the work done to get it launched out there, get issuing, acquiring, and merchant systems to accept these new standards, work with them, and then allow us to roll that out over three, four years. This is not a one-year or a six-month effort. So it starts in the second part of next year. You should see this having a lot of energy and momentum from us at least for the next three, four years. And then you'll see where we get to with it. I'm reasonably optimistic about it. And the value prop is embedded in what I just told you. The reason for my optimism is the value prop.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: So on the longer-term guidance, Sanjay, first of all, we said earlier this year that you have to let us finish out 2018, predominantly because of the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard because there are lots of moving parts. And having said that, we will on the fourth quarter call, which is in early 2019, you will hear our thoughts about 2019, as well as you will hear our thoughts from a long-term performance objective. And the one thing that I usually point people back to is when you look at our Investor Day back in September of 2017, you actually see that one chart that we put out for a 5 to 10-year period where it shows our drivers and what we're doing from a services point of view, and puts it together what we think from a very long-term point of view for our revenues, and it says low to mid-teens. We haven't changed our opinion in all of this, but you have to wait for the 2019 thoughts as well as for a longer-term guidance at the Q4 earnings call. I think that's end of January or so.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to ask about the adjusted operating margins that came in I think significantly above last year and above Street estimates. How much of this, Martina, is just leverage in the model versus timing of expenses? I know you – I think you called out some increased marketing in 4Q, but just trying to figure out how much of that was a surprise in showing leverage versus is just this a timing issue.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Look, Bryan, first of all, we're going to continue to stick to our guidance that we said. When we look at the business overall, we think the business can produce 50%-plus operating margins at any point in time, so we're not going to change that. Every year when we put our numbers together, we basically decide what we think revenue growth will be and how much we can afford from an operating expense point of view. Obviously, you're seeing that we've been doing really well from a revenue growth point of view this year, and so we have been able to produce more profits. And it doesn't go that quickly that we can just turn on a dime and suddenly invest in some other strategic investments. So you have to have a long-term view. We're not going to change our long-term view, but from time to time, as we have said the past, depending on revenue growth, you might have a little bit of an extra contribution to operating margin.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Bryan, the way we run our system is that we took the idea of a 50% minimum operating margin to explain to our investors that we are committed to running the company with a fair degree of efficiency and profitability, but we are also committed in a growth industry because that's what our industry is with the amount of PCE that's still in cash, with the amount of B2B payments that are still inefficiently done through check and strange ways of paying, that there's an enormous amount of opportunity to enable our company to grow. In that circumstance, our long-term sights now – I've been here nine years, Martina's been here 10. I've been saying this every time. Our long-term sights are set on investing to get at that cash and to get at those inefficient ways of doing B2B payments. The second thing we've built out over these years is the investment in services, and I'm hoping you guys are beginning to see a lot of those services embedded in our relationships with merchants, issuing banks, governments, and acquiring systems. And the embedding of those services in those relationships enables us to not only have a better, more holistic relationship with that partner, but also enables us to be seen as a value-added partner, not just a price play. Price is important, don't get me wrong. I've said this every time. But it also allows you to have more than that in addition to the service being a good revenue and good margin generator on its own. So our approach to this whole thing has been play that game for the longer term, play it in a way that our investments make sense of where we're going, including inorganic investments, and then manage – if there's a couple of years of a slowdown in growth, manage your way through it but don't take your eyes off where you're going. And that's what we're trying to do. So your question about operating margin in the quarter, to be perfectly honest, I don't even look at it until Martina comes and bops me over the head and informs me that this is our operating margin. I actually don't. I don't operate through operating margin. I operate through revenue growth, that's to net revenue growth. I operate through basic franchise indicating trends, and I operate through investing in the strategic portfolio initiatives that we have laid out for you. Those three things, making sure we've got great people, good technology, good brand, is how we run our company. Everything else, quarter by quarter it comes and it goes, and I'll faithfully report it to you.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thanks for the help.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Lisa Ellis - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys. Hey, this one's for Ajay. At Money20/20 last week, we got a peek into the future of commerce with things like voice commerce, which is like buying through a personal assistant, and social commerce, which is like buying through a photo on Instagram, or doing things like seamless omni-channel, where you're checking out with your phone while you're in the store. So just on the theme of investing for the future, what are some of the unique technologies and investments you're making at Mastercard against those futuristic trends that are looking more like five, 10 years out?
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: So, Lisa, going in backward order, the first one, the last one you talked about was about seamless multi-channel, omni-channel thinking. As you know, we've been talking about that for some time with you as well and others as well about the things we're doing in that space because consumers do exactly what you said. They actually research online, buy in store. They buy online, return in store. They research while in the store. So for example, at our labs or our tech hub, you'll find things like these mirrors where you can both etch out things but also ask the attendant to bring you stuff from the inventory in a different color and purchase right there and have shipped to you later delivered. All that is part of the idea of the fact that consumers don't think online separate from physical. They just look at their experience. And so a ton of things are going into that seamless back-and-forth. In fact, your entire approach to managing charge-backs and disputes also has to evolve to the idea of buying in one channel, returning in the other. And so that entire work has been growing for quite a while. Your inventory one, the one about social commerce, you'll remember some time back we launched an effort with Vogue Magazine where if you were on Vogue Magazine and you were flipping through and you found a pair of shoes – which Martina has plenty of – but you found a pair of shoes that she liked even more than the 2,000 pairs she already has, then she would just click on it and go right to – she's making faces at me. Then she would click on it and go right there and buy that pair seamlessly through a one-click, and by the way, come right back to the same page in Vogue as compared to going out to a website to buy and then have to navigate back to the Vogue site. So it's not just social commerce, it's the ease of in-and-out that you have to manage in that process. And the all-commerce part of that is actually just beginning to move, and I think you'll find us over a period of time being very focused on evolving our brand and our signature and our capability in all these channels of all social and omni-channel commerce. So there are investments going on in technology, there are investments going on in charge-backs and dispute management, there are investments going on in the consumer experience from front to back. There are investments going on in the brand and its evolution. It's across the whole lot. And of course, there are investments in data and analytics that help you work into that process that connect to the safety and security of transactions in that space. So one of the things that you will find us using artificial intelligence on is taking a look at new data. New data was all about trying to figure out whether the person using the phone is the person whom the phone belongs to or not, or somebody's been able to get into their phone. And so using AI, you can send back a risk-rated score to the merchant or the bank to say this may not be Martina buying that 2,001th pair of shoes that she saw in the magazine, and instead it might be Ajay who stole her phone and her password. And that gives the bank or merchant a chance to make a conscious decision based on the value of the customer whether to let that decision go through or not. So we could keep going on this topic, but it's a whole series of efforts across all forms of commerce, across all the legs of our revenue stool that we're working on.
Lisa Ellis - MoffettNathanson LLC: Terrific, thank you.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Martina is running out to buy a pair of shoes right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Maurer with Autonomous. Your line is open.
Craig Jared Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP: Good morning, thanks, so two questions. I wanted to follow up on Tien-Tsin's question from much earlier. Visa called out 20% of their volume being renewed in fiscal 2019. Is there an increased opportunity to win share over the next, call it, 12 months? And secondly, how much of the current OpEx is being spent on complying with data localization rules, if you could just frame that for us? Thanks.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Let me start with both of those, then I'll let Martina get into some of that as well. The data localization rules – you've got to remember, we are managing and meeting the needs of what, for example, India has announced about what it wants from data localization. Essentially, data localization comes in many flavors. It's a bit like white bread to whole wheat bread. Which part of it do you want? And if you look at data localization, the way the Indian government has put out its original guidelines with, managing that data localization is a question of attempting to put a bunch of servers on the ground that enable their data to be kept locally. There are factors if you go further onto on-soil processing and on-soil switching, as we've had to do in some countries. That's a different cost base. What we are referring to when we talk about our lack of support for data localization is not caused so much by expenses. It's caused by the inefficiency of what that does to the ability to provide safety, security, and analytics to India's banks and merchants. Honestly, if we are to be able to look at transactions and recognize them, the example of new data I just gave, to recognize patterns and to look at them across systems, it's common sense that more transactions give you better predictability and lower false positives. Less transactions give you lower predictability and more false positives. Secondly, if you localize, you're unable to learn from the learnings of one country and apply them to the global platforms like ours to every country, and therefore you leverage the cost of learning by 1/200, meaning you learn in one country and it's available to 200. And I have tons of examples of when this has paid off. What India is doing is actually enabling both those benefits to India to be turned off. So at the end of the day, it's not a cost issue is what I'm trying to tell you. It's more of the manner in which we run the business to be able to benefit those stakeholders on the ground in India that I think we're losing out on. And I'm picking on India only because that's a live issue over the last few months. There are others like that. So it's not a cost issue as much as it is a manner of operating issue.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: On the agreements, Craig, first of all, on average, agreements are between three and seven years, so you can actually say five years. So it's no surprise that typically in any given year 20% plus/minus a few percentage points come up for renewal. And we will continue to do what we did in the past many years. It means we're all going to go after every agreement, and hopefully we can convince clients to continue to do business with us or new clients to come over to do business with us. It's business as usual.
Craig Jared Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Napoli with William Blair. Your line is open.
Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair: Thank you and good morning. I was wondering if you could give a little more color on the growth of your B2B business and the investments that you're making there, and just maybe general thoughts to the percentage of your business that could come from B2B payments over the very long term.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: So, Bob, let me start on this one. First of all, when you just look at B2B payments, we said in the past that it's about 11% of our total volume at this point in time, and that it's growing in the low, mid, high teens depending on which quarter you're looking at. And if I can just recall for you, we think that the opportunity worldwide is actually $120 trillion. That doesn't mean that we're going to go after every $120 trillion, but we're going after the slices where we can actually bring a lot of good value proposition to bear. You saw how we expanded into virtual cards. That is actually in these numbers and how we're basically adopting virtual cards for ecosystems such as the travel industry, et cetera. And we took that learning further and expanded basically in the United States how to figure out for smaller companies and midsize companies to be outsourcing their accounts payable process. And that is going beyond virtual cards. This is the Mastercard B2B Hub, right. And it's not just virtual cards. It's any – the whole suite of payments means, be it check or ACH, our vendors can basically make payments to suppliers. So that is one expansion which is closer probably to our core business. This morning you heard Ajay talk about Mastercard Track. That is really to address pain points between trading partners across the whole world, right, just like know your supplier. And that solution which, as Ajay said, will be rolled out in phases at some point in time, we hope that we are also going to integrate a payment solution. So that is addressing a different pain point. In cross-border, account-to-account, we have told you before that we have been working on a permission-based blockchain solution that we have already connected to our settlement capability, and we're currently in a pilot with several banks. And then in addition to that, you know that Mastercard Send is actually also enabled for cross-border B2B payments. And then you shouldn't forget VocaLink, which is enabling B2B payments too. So there is a number of things that we're doing and innovating on, all of which that we're hoping, obviously, to come to fruition over time.
Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair: Has the growth rate of the B2B business accelerated? We've seen signs that maybe it has in other places.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: As we are adding to it, you have to look at – that's why I said, depending which quarter you're looking at, it's anywhere between a low teens and a high teens growth rate, which is pretty fantastic.
Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair: Great.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: So think of the B2B business as a little piece of Martina's speech because she obviously has imbibed the B2B business deeply. So here's the thing.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Former treasurer.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: And now there's (56:52) work for her, who used to run our commercials. I think this education process has only ratcheted up. So here's the deal. There's the card base original business that we always were in, small corporates, large corporates, T&E, B2B, SME, fleet cards, B-cards. That business continues to grow in a good rate. And frankly, you should view that as a steady stable business that we understand the most about because it's been in our portfolio for a fair amount of time. Then the virtual card business came in after that. And that has continuously improved, not only in the form of the industries it targets, as Martina was explaining, but also in the form in which we deliver the product more and more through open APIs and through simple ways for people to integrate with the virtual card. That business is also beginning to, I would say, come to the point where it's in the first category of something we've known for a lot of years. The Hub business, which connects to the ERP systems, and the Track businesses, we have just about launched. These are new. And I think you will see the results of these two over the next two to five years, not the next six months to one year. So I think you've got to look at our B2B business as being laid out as the foundation of the way we've built the services business. It took us four or five years to build it to some size, and then we began to really plug it hard. You should watch us doing the same with those parts of the B2B business, the hub and the Track part. And there's more to come on Track, and there's more to come on the Hub as we go along. VocaLink and the Fast ACH capability that VocaLink gave us, along with the incremental amount of data that flows in a VocaLink message back and forth, which gives us better reconciliation capability and better capability for these vendors who are buying and selling from each other, that is just another plus in the system. And so we are building a repertoire of assets like we built in Safety & Security, packaged together and bundled together at the front end for meeting that $120 trillion market that Martina is talking about. That's how I view the B2B business are those two distinct parts: our older, more mature type; and newer, more interesting, probably more future growth variety, and Mastercard transcends both of those.
Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair: Thank you very much; Martina, you too.
Operator: Your last question comes from Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hi, good morning. I appreciate you squeezing me here at the end. Ajay, I heard you mention in your prepared remarks at least one flip from a proprietary or closed network. I wonder if you can expound globally on the share that you think those networks have and how much opportunity Mastercard has to open them up, and in fact, what your win rates might look like as you go after that volume.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Closed-loop networks have evolved over the years. They were very strong, for example, in Europe over the last so many years. And then when SEPA and the first payment systems directive came around, it began to open up the opportunity for companies like ours to gain vis-à-vis the closed-loop networks in a number of those countries. And the Netherlands was the first big breakthrough, but you will find every quarter, every country, we begin to see some progress. In fact, if you dial back to the big picture, nine years ago we used to see about 40% – 42%, Martina will remember the number correctly. 42% of our transactions went through us?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: It was less actually, I think it was more like in the mid-30s.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Okay. So mid-30s was what we saw. Now it's 50-something percent.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: 55% of our transactions.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: 55% of our transactions. So we can see a large part of that is because we've been able to take on these closed-loop systems over the years and convert them into open-loop and be able to see them ourselves. Closed-loop has many implications. There are bank-owned ones, there are government-owned ones, then there smaller closed-loop systems like transit systems. So the London Transport was a closed-loop system, where if you took a subway in London, you paid on an Oyster card, which was their own little closed loop. That has been converted to an open loop as well. So the closed-loop/open-loop conversation has many dimensions across smaller ones for government-run systems to all the way big ones that are run nationally, and infrastructure. I actually don't want to give you a percentage of what comes from those versus the others only because it will start becoming a quarterly question of this is not a change that happens quarterly. But I would tell you this. In our secular growth story, while there is a great deal of focus on the 80-odd percent of transactions that are still in cash, in that other 15% – 20% that are electronic, there is a chunk of closed-loop; and Europe is a big example of that, Canada has that. Australia has that. Latin America, has it. It's not only a developed market, emerging-market thing, it's across the world. So yes, we are focused on that, and we work with those closed loops very often to show them why they're inefficient. Remember the conversation I was giving about India and not having access to global technology, global data analytics. All closed-loop systems suffer from that problem. They can't even keep pace with innovation and new technology forms. And so it's those arguments that enable us to go after that volume. It's a regular, steady drumbeat of growth.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thorough as usual, thank you.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Do you have any final comments?
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: You're welcome Yes, thank you for all your questions. I just want to tell you, wrap up with a few thoughts. We have once again delivered strong financial performance this quarter, record revenue, record earnings growth. We are very focused on executing against our strategy. We're investing in our core products as well as in differentiated service offerings. And the idea is to embed ourselves but also to provide choice to our customers. We continue to drive solid deal momentum across products, across geographies. We've placed that momentum on our solution selling approach. We are focused on delivering the best digital experience possible over the next few years across all channels and all devices for merchants, consumers, and issuers. And so with that, thank you very much for your continued support of the company, thank you for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc. Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc. Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.
Analysts: Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC Craig Jared Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC Lisa Dejong Ellis - MoffettNathanson LLC Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Harshita Rawat - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Oscar Turner - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mastercard second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Thank you. Mr. Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference, sir.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Thank you, Christa. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2018 earnings call. With me today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data, and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a currency neutral basis and exclude special items unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their GAAP equivalents. Please note that due to our decision to deconsolidate our Venezuelan entity starting this year, we are providing additional information regarding our switched transaction and card growth rates. The adjusted growth rates eliminate Venezuelan switched transactions and card counts from prior periods so that you can better understand the underlying growth rates of our business. Our comments on the call today will be on the basis of these adjusted growth rates. These are the only supplemental operational metrics which are significantly impacted by the deconsolidation. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I would like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Ajay Banga.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Thank you, Warren, and good morning, everybody. Our strong performance continued this quarter, with net revenue growth of 18% and EPS growth of 48% versus a year ago on a currency neutral basis and excluding special items. Now even if you exclude the impact of the accounting changes and the acquisitions that affect year-over-year growth comparisons, our underlying net revenue growth was 14% and operating income was up 26%. And these results were achieved by investing for the future and reflect solid underlying business fundamentals and the continued execution of our strategy by all our employees around the world. So let's start with the macroeconomic environment as usual, and we continue for now to see solid overall growth. However, we are keeping close tabs on the potential impacts of reduced fiscal stimulus by central banks and the increased trade barriers, which as you all know, could impact global economic growth over the longer term. In the U.S., economic growth remains positive, with low unemployment and healthy consumer confidence. Retail sales are strong, and our quarterly SpendingPulse estimates are up 4.7% versus a year ago, ex-auto ex-gas. This did represent a slight decline sequentially, primarily due to the weather at the beginning of the second quarter and difficult comparisons over last year. Conditions in Europe are stable overall, although we do remain concerned about the potential impacts of Brexit. Consumer confidence in the UK has been declining, and we are seeing some deceleration in UK retail sales growth rates year over year, according to our SpendingPulse data. In contrast, consumer confidence in the Nordics and Germany remain strong. In Latin America, there are still some question marks. In Mexico, although the elections are behind us with a clear verdict, policy uncertainties remain. In addition, exchange rate volatility continues, primarily related to the NAFTA renegotiation. And in Brazil concern over the upcoming October elections I think contributed to the depreciation of the real. We are monitoring a few potential headwinds in Asia. Trade tensions, rising U.S. interest rates, and oil prices are weighing on sentiment in some countries, including China and Korea. In the Middle East and Africa, on the other hand, recovering oil prices are generating some optimism in oil-producing countries. So overall, there are some geopolitical and trade-related risks that we are keeping a close eye on. But as of now, they've had limited impact to date, and global economic trends remain generally positive. Against that backdrop, we are driving healthy double-digit volume and transaction growth in Mastercard across most of our markets, with momentum across our core products and services. And let me give you a few examples, starting in the United States, where we continue to make excellent progress with co-brands. Leveraging our differentiated data and analytics capabilities, we won the L.L.Bean consumer credit program, and we also renewed our longstanding relationship with Hawaiian Air for both consumer and business co-brand cards. We expanded our portfolio of PayPal co-brands, with the new Venmo consumer debit card, which as you know, will enable Venmo users to cash out their balances and use those funds online or in-store wherever Mastercard is accepted. In addition, we're partnering with leaders in the healthcare industry, such as Anthem, as they move their prepaid consumer spending accounts to Mastercard. And on the commercial side, we recently extended our agreement with JPMorgan Chase, and we are very pleased to continue this strategic relationship with one of the largest banks in the market. Going to Europe and building on some of the significant wins we've been announcing over the past few quarters, we have continued to secure renewals and new business with customers. I'll give you an example is Crédito Agrícola, where the team in Portugal will be flipping their consumer credit and debit business to Mastercard. Crédito Agrícola also leveraged our LaunchPad service, which enables them to work closely with Mastercard teams and using design thinking to rapidly develop a prototype for their new digital bank. On the topic of digital banks, we continue to drive digital payment solutions with challenger banks, including through an expanded consumer and commercial debit partnership with N26 in Germany. In Latin America, we have customers in a number of markets who are leveraging a solution that we've developed that combines our Mastercard Black premium credit product with our cross-border travel rewards, which provides a very powerful value prop for the affluent customer. Banco Popular in Puerto Rico, for example, has chosen to leverage Mastercard's affluent solutions, including differentiated rewards benefits and marketing assets to the bank's customers as well as advisors consulting, managed services, and data analytics to optimize their cash-back airline co-brand and other Mastercard portfolios. In Asia, we continue to pursue single-brand issuance in China by renewing relationships with large issuers, such as China Construction Bank and by winning new targeted portfolios like Bank of China's newly launched woman's card and the Bank of Communications' affluent youth card. We were also very pleased to establish an expanded relationship with Standard Chartered Bank across 11 markets in Asia, including Hong Kong, Singapore, and India. Now moving to the Middle East and Africa region, we are also pleased that we have deepened our strategic partnership with several key customers. For example, we have renewed and extended our agreement with National Commercial Bank in Saudi Arabia, winning exclusive new commercial issuance and maintaining exclusivity in prepaid and credit, with advisors and loyalty services embedded as part of the deal. On the product front, we are executing on our commercial strategy, including building our new products and scaling existing solutions, such as our inControl virtual cards, smartphone, smart data, and the Mastercard B2B Hub that's powered by AvidXchange, which as you know, optimizes accounts payable payments for small and medium-sized businesses in the U.S. And we are expanding our accounts payable automation capabilities to mid-sized and larger businesses, and are further leveraging existing partners such as Nvoicepay. And in the second quarter, we also launched inControl for commercial payments and business travel in Italy with Nexi, a partner that will help us build scale in that new geography for us. Over time, we expect these and our full suite of commercial solutions to be very valuable tools for our partners and their customers. We're going to be working on the fact that providing choice to customers, merchants and bank partners is essential to our business, and that includes offering capabilities that reach beyond cards, such as in account-to-account transactions. So let's give you a couple of examples on the progress we've made this quarter. First, the example of our ability to combine our proprietary assets to offer one convenient end-to-end solution is the recently announced UK launch of Mastercard Send. That's our push debit solution, but combined with VocaLink's real-time payments capabilities. That fully integrated solution will enable financial institutions, fin-techs, digital customers, and other business to send real-time payments to UK bank accounts and also receive payments from UK bank accounts. The connection of Mastercard Send to the Faster Payments network enables a variety of use cases, including P2P payments and B2C disbursements in a seamless way. Additionally, we expect to expand the reach of the Pay by Bank app through the launch with HSBC later this year and as Worldpay makes this capability available to its merchant customers in the UK starting early next year, early 2019. As I've spoken about in the past, the Pay by Bank app enables consumers to make online payments for goods and services via their mobile banking app and directly from their bank account with no need to link a card. Worldpay's reach together with our existing distribution arrangements with Barclays and Wirecard I think will provide a significant UK acceptance footprint for this new capability. And finally, we continue to advance our secure digital solutions. That Worldpay partnership I just referenced is actually much broader and is focused on expanding acceptance and making digital payments more convenient and secure. As you may have seen in Worldpay's announcement last week, our relationship will extend to tokenization, Mastercard Send, push-to-card disbursement solutions, and support of EMVCo's secure remote commerce framework for a common checkout button. So with that, let me turn the call over to Martina for an update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning, everyone. Turning to page 3, we are very pleased to deliver another strong quarter, even when you exclude the 2 ppt tailwind from foreign exchange to net revenue and the 3 ppt to net income, which is primarily due to the appreciation of the euro since last year. I will now highlight the numbers on a currency neutral basis and also exclude special items related to litigation provisions, most of which we have already announced in late June. Net revenue grew 18%, driven by strong underlying performance, and it includes a 4 ppt benefit from the new revenue recognition rules and acquisitions. Excluding this, underlying revenue growth was 14%. Operating expenses increased by 6%, which includes a 6 ppt increase due to the new revenue recognition rules and acquisitions. Operating income grew by 28%, or 26% if you exclude the revenue recognition and acquisition related impacts that I just noted. Net income was up 45%, reflecting strong operating results and the impact of the U.S. tax reform, which contributed approximately 7 ppt to this net income growth. EPS was $1.66, up by 48% year over year, with share repurchases contributing $0.03 per share. During the quarter, we repurchased about $1.5 billion worth of stock and an additional $279 million through July 23, 2018. Let me go to page 4, and here you can see the operational metrics for the second quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV growth was 14% on a local currency basis, similar to last quarter. We saw solid double-digit growth across most regions. U.S. GDV grew 9%, down 1 ppt from last quarter, and was made up of credit and debit growth of 8% and 11% respectively. Outside of the U.S., volume growth was 16%, similar to last quarter, primarily due to Europe and Asia-Pacific. Cross-border volume grew at a healthy 19% on a local currency basis, driven by double digit growth in all regions, with the strongest growth contribution coming from Europe. This was down 2 ppt from the first quarter due to lower cryptocurrency purchases and one less switching day in Q2. This was in line with our expectations. Turning to page 5 now, switched transactions continued to show strong growth at 17% globally, normalized to exclude Venezuelan transactions, as we no longer consolidate that entity. We saw healthy double digit growth in switched transactions across all regions, led by Europe and the U.S. In addition, global card growth was 7%, again, normalized for Venezuela. And globally, there are 2.4 billion Mastercard and Maestro branded cards issued. Let us go to page 6 for highlights of a few of the revenue line items, again, described on a currency neutral basis unless otherwise noted. The 18% net revenue increase was primarily driven by strong volume and transaction growth as well as growth in services. The new revenue recognition rules and acquisitions contributed 4 ppt to the growth rate. Excluding these impacts, underlying net revenue growth was 14%. This solid growth was in line with our expectations, as an increase in deal closings and implementations in Q2 caused rebates and incentives to pick up from Q1 levels as planned, and we lapped the VocaLink acquisition at the end of April. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items, domestic assessments grew 22% while worldwide GDV grew 14%, the difference being primarily due to the impact of the new revenue recognition rules. Cross-border volume fees grew 18% while cross-border volume was up 19%. The 1 ppt gap is mostly due to higher intra-Europe growth. Transaction processing fees grew 20%, primarily driven by the 17% normalized growth in switched transactions as well as revenues from our various service offerings. And finally, other revenues grew 13%, driven by increases in our advisors and safety and security services. Moving on to page 7, you can see that total operating expenses increased 6% excluding special items on a currency neutral basis. Underlying operating expense growth was 7%, primarily related to investments in strategic initiatives, such as digital infrastructure, safety and security platforms, data analytics, and geographic expansion. The difference of 1% relates to the nearly offsetting effect of a 7 ppt benefit associated with FX hedging gains and a 6 ppt impact related to the new revenue recognition rules and acquisitions. So let me turn to slide 8. And first, let's discuss what we have seen for the first three weeks of July, where our drivers are generally similar to what we saw in the second quarter. The numbers through July 21 are as follows. Starting with switched volume, we saw global growth of 15%, similar to the second quarter, with solid growth in all regions. In the U.S., our switched volume grew 11%, and outside the U.S. it grew 19%, both similar to what we saw in the second quarter. Globally, switched transaction growth was 17%, the same as in the second quarter, with healthy growth in each region. And with respect to cross-border, our volumes grew 18% globally, down 1 ppt sequentially, due to slightly lower growth in Europe and Asia-Pacific. This is in line with our expectations. And as a reminder, we anticipate facing more difficult cross-border comps in the second half of the year. Turning to our thoughts for the full year of 2018, which I will describe on a currency neutral basis excluding special items, frankly, not much has changed with the exception of foreign exchange. As we've heard from Ajay, although we are monitoring certain macroeconomic factors, they have yet to show up in the numbers, and global economic trends are generally positive. Our business fundamentals remain strong, as we had a solid first half. And we continue to expect year-over-year revenue growth to be in the high teens. As a reminder, this growth includes the impact of the new revenue recognition rules that we adopted in 2018 and the full-year effect of acquisitions. And with the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, we now expect foreign exchange will be a benefit to revenue of between 0.5 ppt to 1 ppt for the year. We had previously estimated a 2 ppt benefit. And this means that we expect FX will be a headwind in each of the next two quarters. On operating expenses, not much has changed. Although we had some foreign exchange hedging benefits in Q2, we continue to expect year-over-year expense growth to be in the mid-teens. This growth includes the impacts of the new revenue recognition rules, the full-year effect of acquisitions, and our investment in our Center for Inclusive Growth. For Q3, we do expect marketing expenses to increase sequentially and total operating expenses to grow in line with our annual expectations. So with that, let me turn the call back to Warren to begin the Q&A session. Warren?
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Thanks, Martina. Christa, we're now ready to begin the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Bob Napoli with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you, thank you very much. Two questions if I could, one on VocaLink and then one on Mastercard Send. First of all, are you comfortable with the trends in VocaLink? And, Ajay, there are several contracts there, and I think some of those contracts are up for bid. Is there some risk of losing part of that business or in expanding it? What are your thoughts on VocaLink? And I just wondered with Mastercard Send, do you view that as the equivalent of Visa Direct and the opportunities to be the same? Thank you.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: So first of all, VocaLink is doing well. We're actually happy with all the underlying trends as well as the opportunities that we see with VocaLink in other parts of the world. We've got VocaLink in both licensed software form as well as a little more role to play in different countries, in Sweden and Thailand, PromptPay is run by VocaLink software. And in fact, our business in Thailand is benefiting not just from the relationship with the Central Bank of Thailand that comes from the ACH work there, but also on debit. And so VocaLink and us I think that's working the right way. The contract that VocaLink has in the UK is the best guess of what I think you're referring to, we actually have an extension on the largest one out to 2022. But look, all contracts are competitive and they come up for bidding. And people are going to bid against us, and we're going to try our best to extend it beyond that and keep winning them. And there will be some that you'll win, some that you won't. Right now, things are okay with VocaLink and they look good, and the expansion opportunities with VocaLink look good. So that's the first part of the story. The part about Mastercard Send, Mastercard Send is a loosely used term to include both the ability to move money from a card to a card, but also in combination with VocaLink's current capabilities from an account to an account, and also in combination with our JV with HomeSend on – there are too many sends in these words, but with that JV you also get the chance to move the money to mobile phones and the like around the world. So when you look at the capabilities that we've got together, it's not just the card-to-card capability. It is the account-to-account and also to mobile phone numbers. That I would believe is far superior to what most other institutions can claim to have once you actually dig into the details of what we are capable of doing. That is what we're trying to put together. For example, in my opening remarks, I talked about the UK. There it's a combination of the card-to-card but also VocaLink's Faster Payments network link to be able to do account-to-account payments. That's what gives you the P2P business case and the B2C disbursement business case. And so my belief is that it's the combination of assets that matters and the choice that we provide to banks and merchants and governments. With us they can get what they want out of that combination like a menu-driven approach. So all in all, I'd say we're in a good place with VocaLink. I like what I see when we're going elsewhere. I think in the UK, we're going well with VocaLink. I think the opportunities of the combination of assets of Mastercard Send, VocaLink, and in fact the HomeSend JV, all that put together is really a good plus for us.
Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you very much.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Bob, let me just add a couple of operational stats on the Mastercard Send rails. We have access to more than 3 billion bank accounts and over 100 countries. And we have clearly a rapid growth rate, albeit it's still on a very low base.
Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Maurer with Autonomous Research. Your line is now open.
Craig Jared Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP: Thanks. I was hoping two things you can comment, one on the UK PSR's report that was published yesterday or two days ago on acquiring – if you can, just give your thoughts on the broader industry from that. And secondly, if you can, comment on the outage that was recently reported. What caused that, and if there will be any impact we should think about for third quarter? Thanks.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Thanks, Craig. So first of all for third quarter, the UK PSR's report, by the time they actually get together, analyze all the aspects of the UK card acquiring services and their practices, that's going to take a fair amount of time to work our way through it. Look, what typically the PSR does is they will do a broad assessment of the market, and they'll figure out is it working properly? Is it delivering the outcomes they want? And they're going to look at all the range of factors related to the services which acquirers provide to merchants. And I think this whole thing is a year to two years in the making. So then to get to that, I'm sure they'll also want to talk to us about – even though we're not an acquirer, they'll want to talk to us about the role we play in that whole ecosystem, and that's a good thing. I actually believe that transparency and a dialogue around the role we play, the role acquirers play in the ecosystem is great in a market like the UK. As far as the outage is concerned, honestly, our outage was for only a short period of time. It related to extra traffic on a server in certain sites got zapped off of that. We were back to normal soon after that and moved right on. So I don't even know whether you'll see an impact in any quarter out of that kind of an outage. It's not really an outage. It's a slowing down of the approval rate of transactions, the speed of approval of those transactions in a period of time lasting for an hour to an hour and a half, depending on which part of the market you were in.
Craig Jared Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Darrin Peller - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey. Thanks, guys. Just first question is really around the margin sustainability. When we back out some of the M&A adjustments, it looks like it was pretty flat. And margins were – I mean expenses were generally flat. Margins look pretty strong. And I guess just your thought process on that and rationale and I guess strategy of whether or not you still think that could just be a side effect of what you need to invest and grow revenues versus letting it expand. And then just quickly, Martina, on the tax rate expectations for the year, if you don't mind updating us on that.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Let me do the last one because it's easy. It's just basically saying a repeat of what I said at the last quarter. It's going to be 19% to 20% given all of the benefits that are running in from the U.S. tax reform as well as on the Belgian tax reform as well as some of the tax structures that are still benefiting us out of our Asia-Pacific operation, so really no change from that. On the margin comment, Darrin, it's really no different from what we had said before. As you know, we have been evaluating every year, given the set of businesses and the expansion of the businesses that we have, what kind of minimum margin profile should we have as a company, which is that 50%-plus that you get to hear from us when we iterate our three-year financial performance target. What we do is we take the extra margin that we're making on the core business and investing it very significantly in terms of expanding in the other things that we have been talking about. One is the services, right? Many of these different services have actually lower margin other than safety and security fraud services. But we're investing in that still heavily, such as data analytics, such as loyalty, et cetera, and that will continue to happen. The second expansion that we have been talking about in a fairly significant way since our last Investor Day in September 2017 is the investments that we're doing in the B2B space. Remember, the $120 trillion of opportunity which we are taking certain slices of the opportunity, and those kind of investments will continue to stay with us. So no changes, when you see some margin expansion coming through from time to time, they're really two factors. One is our revenue line happens to be higher than what we set up in the budget, and we're not going to be able to of course-correct that quickly to be taking the extra dollar to be investing it in additional investment. And number two, you should be expecting that over time in our services line items, the margins are going up simply because we're going to run more volume over that.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: The services business, you've heard me talk about just a little while ago somewhere in the first question. I think I talked about Thailand and PromptPay and ACH and debit. By doing all those things with the Central Bank of Thailand, not only are we doing Fast ACH and the debit switching partnership. We're also running our services through them, which gives us scale, be it safety and security, be it other kinds of data analytics. What that does is it gives us a much broader, wider relationship, as that is what we're investing our money into is to create a stable system of having a broader, wider relationship beyond just the core payment transaction revenue stream that used to be in this company the primary source of revenue 8, 9, 10 years ago. That's what we're trying to build. And then if we get to scale with those services, as Martina said, you expand the margin on each of them as you go along.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Your line is now open.
Lisa Dejong Ellis - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys. I was hoping to drill in a little bit on your purchase volume growth number. If I'm looking at it, it looks like FX-neutral purchase volume growth was about 15.5% in the quarter, which our quick look back looked like we hadn't seen a number close to that since about 2012. So could you just parse apart a little bit what's driving that acceleration? And in particular, is it – do you see – is this underlying secular cash displacement? Is this e-com related acceleration? Is this share gains? Is this some early impact from Mastercard Send? What would you call out?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Okay. So, Lisa, Mastercard Send, as I said before, that's still a relatively low base, so that is not really driving the numbers. The numbers are really driven by our core business and all the good work that many of our – all of our employees are doing around the world. So when I start with the U.S. you can look at the numbers. And I know you're talking purchase volume. I really generally talk gross dollar volume because it shows the entirety of the company and what we're going after. But you obviously see in the United States a really nice step up both from a credit and from a debit point of view as you're looking over the last five, six quarters. And that is we have been talking about the U.S. in terms of winning quite a few businesses, particularly in the co-brand space, and you're starting slowly but surely to getting all these wins coming into the numbers. When you look at overseas, we actually had terrific growth in many, many of the regions. Europe is obviously outstanding, right? You can see those numbers every year. There's really no change in terms of how Javier [Perez] and the team are going after those kinds of businesses. We will be at it down the road a little bit more in the UK because of some of the UK businesses that we have won and a couple of other countries. But I would suspect that that will just continue to be providing this fantastic double digit growth trend that we're seeing from a volume perspective in Europe. When you go to Asia-Pacific, Asia-Pacific, I'm throwing Middle East-Africa in it. As Ajay talked a little bit this morning, there are some ups and downs in it, right? So we're seeing China still good growth, but it's in the high single-digit kind of range at this point in time. But you're seeing from the other countries really good growth that's additive. By the way, in India, if I were to tell you this, it's almost a 30% growth rate at this point. This is still some of the benefits from the demonetization. Middle East-Africa, some of the numbers have been starting to come back simply because the countries feel a little bit better as they're oil producing. And then when I look at Latin America, that is where you see a bit more challenges in terms of the numbers. While you might think the domestic volumes are okay, they have from a cross-border point of view a bit of a challenge because of the devaluation of the currency, in particular of the real. And by the way, my comment for the third and the fourth quarter, where I said that we probably will see tailwinds on the foreign exchange. It's mostly related to the real, not really to the euro.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: The only two things I would add to that, Lisa.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Headwind – let me just say, I said tailwind, headwind.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Okay, headwind. The only thing I'd add to that – tail and head. Anyway, the only thing I'd add to that is in the U.S., remember, we've also won affluent products like the Capital One Saver card and Bank of America's Cash Rewards card. Those issuings are beginning to happen. You will see results off that. And in India, we have actually done really well on debit growth. We have got – last quarter I talked about Bank of Baroda. This quarter actually I didn't mention it but I was there a little while ago. We signed a deal with Bank of India. These are large public sector banks. We already had the State Bank of India and a bunch of others. Our debit business in India is doing well. Our ability on debit to be seen as a real partner for growth is good. And so I'd say you're seeing the results of both secular movement in a country like India, but you're also seeing in a lot of countries around the world some of the impact of some of the business wins of the last few years. And I would be a little cautious about cross-border in some places because of both foreign exchange. We're also a little cautious about the impact in China and Korea right now caused by what's going on with central bank actions and oil prices and the like.
Lisa Dejong Ellis - MoffettNathanson LLC: Perfect, thank you.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: You had one more question, which was e-commerce. I just want to add to that. E-commerce continues to grow in a terrific way. For this quarter it was about 24%.
Lisa Dejong Ellis - MoffettNathanson LLC: Perfect, thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Thanks, good morning. Maybe just to build on your answer to Lisa's question, I'm just curious on the timing of some of the new wins like L.L.Bean, Santander, Bank of America, as you mentioned. Have we seen those kick in yet? And I think some of that comes in next year, I know. And then also as a quick follow-up, I know you mentioned some challenger bank wins like N26 in Germany. Why have you guys done so well you think with the challenger banks? I know Resolute and even Venmo/PayPal, et cetera, have all issued under Mastercard. Why is that? Thanks.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Tien-Tsin, the first part, there's the speed. Those are all rolling in. You know this business well. You know how it comes. I would tell you that the L.L.Bean stuff is very early stages, very, very. It's just begun literally. The UK wins, TSB, Santander are all early next year. They're actually just not even coming yet. That's why in Lisa's answer, I was saying we should expect to see more of these recent wins roll in later, but some of the earlier wins are showing up today. So it's the nature of the mix of our business. And I think that on the whole, the trends on our share growth as well as secular movement are helpful to us at this stage. The aspect of digital banks, I actually believe that the reason that we are winning digital banks is just that, in addition to our good looks, we have guys who actually care deeply about the fact that the environment, the ecosystem is adapting and changing around the world, where digital banks are having a role to play. They're smaller today, but they're offering a different product set and a different construct. And you have to be capable of flexibly moving your product offering and your benefit system to suit what they want and they hold as valuable as compared to what a merchant may hold or a different kind of bank may hold. It's just different strokes for different folks. I'm a believer that our future will be built on choice and on offering bundled solutions. And those are the two things I'm very focused on building, choice across every category of payment. So we want to digitize every form of payment and we want to allow every form of payment to be available as a one-stop shop from us. You want it, we've got it. That's the approach that we're trying to use. And you combine that with bundling both payments with all these other services solutions that a number of the newer banks want. They don't have those capabilities themselves, be it fraud management, be it data analytics, be it processing data, loyalty and rewards. If we can try to bundle these things together, then we get a good attractive conversation going with them. I think that's probably what's helping us right now.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: All right, good to know. Thanks a lot.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. Your line is now open.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks, good morning. I guess following up on VocaLink, I believe there's also an initiative to overhaul the Fast ACH infrastructure, Ajay, could you just talk about how that might affect VocaLink and maybe its positioning there? And then just one quick question on FX. Martina, I know you mentioned the cross-border volumes were in line with expectation, and they were obviously quite strong. I'm just curious if there are any signs of impact from a strengthening dollar. Thanks.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Sanjay, I was in the UK – I don't know – I think last week or the week before. And this idea of looking at the Fast ACH infrastructure is actually not something that's got either clarity or dimension to it. VocaLink, the Faster Payments system, the banks are all talking to the payment systems regulator and the others thereabout what the future of Faster Payments in the UK should look like, what other feature functionality should be built into it and the like. So as far as I'm concerned, even if you look at VocaLink itself, the technology being used to drive Faster Payments in the UK, it's scale, scope, capability, speed, the number of transactions, the amount of data that flows back and flows through each transaction. If you compare that to what currently we are bidding with in our markets with VocaLink, and already there's a difference because that technology is moving very fast. And what we do is we build. We build in another place and we roll that technology back into the prior markets, a bit like we do with Mastercard, when new releases go back and they build the quality of the original infrastructure in the older markets as well. So honestly, we are involved in that discussion. I don't know whether they have got legs yet or not. I don't know what the dimensions will be. But we're very deeply embedded and involved with all conversations on Faster Payments in new countries.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: On the strengthening dollar question, we are seeing a bit of an impact on U.S. acquiring. So it's still double digits. It's in the low teens. It used to be high teens last quarter. And really, what we're seeing is inbound from LAC and from Asia-Pacific tempering a little bit. So early days, we'll see if that has more legs.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Christa, we're ready for the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harshita Rawat with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Harshita Rawat - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Ajay and Martina, I want to ask about QR codes. As you know, QR codes drastically reduce the cost of payments acceptance, and it does appear that many emerging markets such as India evolved to use that as one of their payment methods. And I know you have a product with the QR codes standard, which you are rolling out in other emerging countries as well. So my question to you is how do you envision competing with very nimble local players and Internet giants on the QR code front when you often have to rely on banks as a distribution channel in many markets?
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: So first of all, QR codes reducing acceptance cost, just quickly let's just parse that statement a little bit. What it actually does is reduce the initial capital cost of installing a terminal in a merchant store as compared to a QR code system, which could be a static QR code which is put on a merchant's counter, which by the way, has all kinds of issues involved with ensuring that it is managed well, compared to a dynamic QR code, which could be generated and put onto a mobile phone, either by the merchant or the consumer, and clearly has more security features built into it. That capital cost is substantial in terms of an older terminal, which could cost $500. That capital cost is not substantially different when you're comparing it to a dongle like a Square dongle or somebody else's dongle. What I'm trying to get across to you is the actual story around the cost of acceptance of QR codes needs to be understood in its entirety, not in one-off buzzwords that get passed out by companies that believe that QR codes are the answer to the future of mankind on acceptance. I would tell you that acceptance growing from current 50 million merchants to get it to the next 50 million or in India to go from the current 3 million – 4 million, which is dramatic growth over 1 million of a year ago, to get to 60 million, which is the opportunity in India, that QR codes may not be the only solution. It will be a mix of dongles, QR codes, and terminals that will go through the system. And within QR codes, it will be static QR codes versus dynamic QR codes. And within dynamic QR codes, it will be consumer presented ones versus merchant presented ones. That is a fairly complicated ecosystem. And I'm not trying to compete with somebody else building out their own QR code. I'm just trying to say when you've got that kind of complexity, there is a benefit in having standardized ways of rolling these out. And the standardized way of rolling out QR codes that EMVCo is putting out there, which as you know is supported by all the members of EMVCo, which include Visa, AmEx, Discover, but also China UnionPay, is that we are trying to put these standardized QR codes out there as a way of making it simpler for acquirers and merchants to integrate one time as compared to multiple times, not different to the story of secure remote commerce, the single checkout button online, which also is trying to take away from the complexity of merchant and acquirer integration for online payments. So I view all this as a developing ecosystem, and I view us as being people who place bets on every one of these acceptance expansion systems as compared to picking winners and losers because our job is to create standards that the rails can be built on so that we can get to scale. And I'm participating in all of these actively, whether it's in India with Bharat QR, whether it's in other markets across Pakistan, Africa, parts of Asia, where I consider this to be a real opportunity. But I want to do it with standardization and I want to do it with safety and security. And I would prefer to do it therefore in collaboration not just with banks, but for example, in India with the payment banks. We're already out there with a bunch of offers with Airtel Bank and with the Indian Post Office Bank for quite a while in India, not now. We're doing Airtel Bank issuing and acquiring for a while. So to be honest with you, I think of QR codes and I see it as an ongoing evolution of acceptance efforts, just as dongles were a great evolution from the older terminal.
Harshita Rawat - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Perfect, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citi. Your line is now open.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Hi, Ajay. Hi, Martina. You guys mentioned maybe a global deal with Worldpay, so a two-part question related to that. One is any thoughts on Pay by Bank rolling out beyond the UK and the opportunity there? And secondly, maybe use the tokenization comment to parse out the monetization opportunity associated with tokenization broadly.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: So I want to be clear on tokenization and monetization. We don't either try to monetize tokenization by charging a fee for it. Neither do we force that as a method of steering any transactions around. That is not our way. Our stand with tokenization is to raise the level of water in the river so that the thief finds it tougher to swim. And you don't do that by charging fees for raising the level of water. So what we are trying to do here is to make it safer for the industry as a whole, and the effort is to get digital transactions and then card-on-file transactions and eventually every account-to-account based transaction to have the benefit of a secure cryptogram-protected token in front of it. That's the visualization of where they're going over the next few years. And that's a journey we're on, and I think that's the journey most people in the industry are on. It's a way of raising the level of the water in the river. And that's the idea. So back to Pay by Bank, I think Pay by Bank is a really interesting idea, but you've got to make sure that it has real acceptance in the marketplace. In the UK, it's very early days because it's only now with HSBC, Barclays, Worldpay, as I mentioned, the Wirecard guys, and I'm beginning to think of the UK as having a certain amount of scale being attached rolling out Pay by Bank, at least for online purchases where consumers could pay with their mobile banking app. I consider Pay by Bank to be an interesting app in other markets, where let's assume in our ACH, if there is an ACH of Fast ACH system in a country in which we cannot play directly, somebody else is operating that Fast ACH. Then we have a choice. We could help that Fast ACH to operate more like a scheme by providing chargeback, dispute management, revenue sharing rules, and then add the app on top of it. Or if the scheme is also running now, we then provide the app to our member banks and to merchants and non-banks, digital players, as a way to get to enable consumers to pay directly with their bank account. So I view Pay by Bank as having many different roles, only one of which is the UK type role where we're also the infrastructure. They could be rolled in other markets where they're not the infrastructure, or when we're part of the infrastructure. And you will see over the next few years effort on this space, just as – these things have a longer gestation period because it's a difference in the way a bank or a merchant has to interact as well as a difference in the way the consumer has to think about paying. The same thing is true of commercial B2B things. These things don't change on a dime. You put out product, you put out capability, and then you've got to work your way into the ecosystem for people to care about them and switch on to them in scale. And both Pay by Bank and our commercial efforts are things we're putting into the pipeline for the next three, four, five, six years of driving our revenue.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it, thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking the question, a question on your B2B strategy for a moment. Can you maybe talk about your sales and distribution strategy for B2B? You've talked a lot about the technology solutions in the past. But could you maybe talk a bit more about the ways you're going to market? Is it sufficient for you to go to market through partner banks? Do you intend to open up other distribution channels or maybe even direct distribution channels? And then collectively, when might the B2B opportunity start to be material in terms of revenue where it's noticeable to us on the P&L? Is that two, three, five, or more years out?
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: It depends what you mean B2B. B2B is a very big world. And in fact, that is stuff that is very material in our P&L today, which is our commercial cards business. Corporate T&E cards, purchasing cards, fleet cards, virtual cards, that is material today in our business, growing handsomely, giving us good margins, and in fact delivering good returns for us, not just domestically but also cross-border. Then there's the B2B space that comprises the things we could do with Mastercard Send or VocaLink or HomeSend, as I was talking earlier, or combinations of those. Those products are both for consumer reasons but also B2B, also B2C, also P2P. That stuff is what you'll see over the next two, three, five years being developed. The distribution channel for that as compared to the traditional commercial business, the distribution channel for that is, in fact, very effective through banks because of one very simple reason. Most banks tend to be focused on larger-sized transactions in the cross-border B2B space. And there is a great deal of space in the relatively smaller cross-border B2B space, which is inefficient both in terms of the scaling, authorizing, and settlement times involved, but also relatively inefficient in terms of the data that is exchanged at the point of payment and the fraud opportunities that exist in that system, all of which we can bring to the party through these larger banks as their partner to extend their target market as well. But then there are also other ways of getting to that marketplace. There are ways of getting to that marketplace which go through distribution channels run through digital companies. But very often, they will need partner banks anyway because those companies are not banks. Without being a bank, how do you operate the digital or other cross-border P2P or B2B business of exchanging money? You need banks in the system. So you've got to be careful about what you mean by distribution. Does distribution mean getting to get someone to start understanding the product to then use it, or does distribution mean that the rails still need banking to run? And I will tell you in most places the rails still need banks to run them. The question of how you get them to those SMEs or those middle-sized companies, you could do it directly through banks or you could do it through alternative chains that you could utilize over time. Bring them on, bring in all of them. But we believe that banks are great partners in this space because they need to play the role where the money needs to be exchanged. They play a very critical role in that process.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Jim, first of all, what Ajay mentioned in terms of our commercial business that we already have, I just want to remind you. It's about 11% of our global volume, so it's fairly significant. In 2017 it grew in the mid-teens. And then secondly, in terms of the distributions channel and how Ajay has described it, a real example of that is what he had actually mentioned in his remarks, which is AvidXchange. So AvidXchange works with the distribution channel of the banks, so we can obviously bring the power of those relationships to it and making sure that these great products are getting to the smaller companies and the medium-sized companies. And that does not mean that AvidXchange is not working and we are not working with other fin-techs, but it has to get distributed to those small companies, and the connection point is through their banks.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: I'm really glad you asked this. You take, for example, the work we do with commercial payments. We partnered with WEX for the last 15 years across multiple geographies and multiple verticals, travel, payables, media. We're growing our business together in both those verticals and emerging verticals. We do joint business development campaigns with them. We do virtual card acceptance initiatives. We've done research studies with them focused on travel trends and vertical deep dives. So actually partners like WEX, partners like Fleetcor, partners like CNET, these are all interesting and incredible ways to distribute this product that we've been building through the years that I can recall being a part of this company.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Oscar Turner - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: This is Oscar Turner on for Andrew. I just had a follow-up question on B2B payments and the AvidXchange partnership specifically. I was wondering if you can provide insight on how the B2B Hub is progressing versus your internal expectations. And I guess specifically, how is the bank partnership and merchant pipeline looking? And also, could you give any color into the feedback you've been receiving?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: So, Andrew (sic) [Oscar] (57:17), first of all, as we told the market some time ago that the product that's first rolling out with Fifth Third. It has started to roll out, and so we are going to see what kind of feedback we are getting. But obviously, they're a key client. And depending on how it's going, it's very early days. We're talking literally a few weeks that it has been in the market. Depending on how this is going, we actually have a whole pipeline of clients that are also wanting to expand on this product. Remember, this is a product that goes really for mostly small and medium-sized companies. And there are only two handfuls worth of banks in the United States who are really reaching those kinds of clients, and those are the ones that are interested in it. But first we're going to have to get through the initial couple of months with Fifth Third.
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: I actually see the B2B Hub as having incredible applicability as an idea in markets in Asia and the like as well, because that's where SMEs drive a very large part of the business, both domestic and export. It's close to 60% – 65% of the GDP, while some of those countries comes out of the SME export and manufacturing capability in those countries. And so you're going to have to do it differently there. And that's why this requires a rail period, both in terms of technology and partnerships, to the earlier question, and we are deep in the midst of that.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Christa, I think we have time for one final quick question.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Dan Perlin from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Dan, are you there? Are you on mute?
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Can you hear me?
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Yes, now we can.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Hey, Dan, you went off again.
Operator: Dan, your line is open.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: We're having trouble. I think we'll just go to the next caller.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Tell us when we'll get an update an extension of the long-term guidance. I know it expires at the end of this year but we're...
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: All right. Jason. I think the question – we're having a little trouble hearing you, but I think the question was when will we update the long-term guidance.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: I just don't know if you had something in the end. So, Jason, yes, at the end of this year the long-term guidance will have run out. That is our 3- year guidance. And I told the market that I would like to make sure that we have a little bit more time with the new revenue recognition rules so that we really understand how that is going to roll into the future. And so you should be looking forward after we are closing off 2018 for our new long-term guidance. And again, it will be our long-term guidance period that we will be putting out.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Great, thank you, Ajay, do you have any final comments?
Ajaypal S. Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Yes, just a few closing thoughts. We've delivered a strong first half to the year as we continued to execute on what we've been discussing as our strategic priorities with you. I think we're pleased with our deal momentum. That came up in the number of questions a little earlier in both consumer and commercial as we strike new relationships and expand existing ones. We' are focused on building up our product capabilities, all aimed at providing choice to consumers, to merchants, to bank partners, including solutions that reach beyond cards. And the services that we provide to advisers, loyalty, data analytics, and our fraud management systems and processing continue I believe to differentiate our business and provide a great support to our core payments operation. So with that, thank you all for your continued support for the company. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc. Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc. Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.
Analysts: Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI James Eric Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC Donald J. Fandetti - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc. James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jamie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the first quarter 2018 Mastercard earnings call. Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Thank you, Jamie, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2018 earnings call. With me today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Martina Hund-Mejean our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open for questions. You can access our earnings release supplemental performance data and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website mastercard.com. Additionally the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a currency neutral basis and exclude special items unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non GAAP measures to their GAAP equivalents. Please note that due to our decision to deconsolidate our Venezuelan entity starting this year we're providing additional information regarding our switched transaction and card growth rates. The adjusted growth rates eliminate Venezuelan switched transactions and card counts from prior periods so that you can better understand the underlying growth rates of our business. Our comments on the call today will be on the basis of these adjusted growth rates. These are the only supplemental operational metrics which are significantly impacted by the deconsolidation. Finally, as set forth in more detail on our earnings release I would like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Ajay Banga.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Thank you, Warren. Good morning, everybody. We're off to a very strong start this year. Our first quarter net revenue growth of 27% and EPS growth of 43% versus a year ago on a currency neutral basis and excluding those special items. But even if you exclude the impact of the accounting changes, the acquisitions, and a couple of other items that affect year over year growth comparisons, all of which Martina will explain to you in some more detail later, our underlying net revenue growth was up 20% and operating income was up 27%. All these results are driven by the focus of our folks, of our employees, on execution and solid business fundamentals as we continue to invest for the long term future of our company. Now the macroeconomic front. We are continuing to see overall growth. We are, however, keeping a very close watch as central banks around the globe evaluate normalizing their monetary policies by reducing fiscal stimulus. The U. S. continues to perform well, low employment, healthy consumer confidence. Retail spending remains strong and our SpendingPulse estimates are increasing to 5.3% for the quarter versus a year ago. Now remember that estimate is ex-auto, ex-gas and we believe that's the best way to look at the underlying trends in retail spending. Now when looking at the rest of the world, we see generally favorable conditions. Europe remains positive overall with retail sales growth in the UK has picked up in the first quarter although showed some deceleration in March, again according to SpendingPulse in the U.K. We do remain concerned about the potential impacts of Brexit. Latin America continues its recovery, lower unemployment, improved consumer confidence. And there we will continue to monitor for potential impacts from the elections particularly in Brazil and in Mexico and of course the whole NAFTA renegotiation. Most of the economies in Asia continue trending positively and more stable oil prices and I think a number of government initiatives have been driven some improvement in the Middle East and Africa region. If you put that together, we expect the global economy to remain positive absent any significant impact from geopolitics or trade risks. Meanwhile we are driving healthy double digit volume and transaction growth for Mastercard across most of our markets. We're growing share and we're executing on our strategy as we move into 2018. And let me give you a few examples. In the U.S., we continue to see good progress in consumer credit. The Barclays Arrival Premier World Elite Mastercard, that's a mouthful, was just launched and includes premium benefits designed to attract and retain the traveling consumer, such as an annual loyalty bonus and airport lounge access. This builds on the momentum from other recent U.S. affluent product wins like the Capital One Saver Card, the Bank of America Cash Rewards Card for which by the way Mastercard issuance has now begun and Bass Pro and Cabela's which we announced last quarter. Now turning to co-brands. We're making real progress this quarter again including with Playground Battle which is launching a new Mastercard consumer credit product and will be migrating some of their existing private label cards over time. We've also renewed a number of co-brand relationships including with Shell. And now Kroger has begun converting cards to Mastercard following the win that we announced last year. In addition we're really pleased to be the exclusive network for PayPal's first consumer debit card in the U.S. which lets consumers and customers of theirs access funds in their PayPal accounts to shop online or in stores and to make withdrawals from ATMs worldwide. And that's consistent with our broader PayPal partnership which currently includes all PayPal credit and debit co-brands around the world. In Europe we continue to gain share in key markets and I'm very pleased to say we're expanding our relationship with the Santander Group. In the U.K., Santander will issue Mastercard debit cards for its more than nine million consumer and commercial bank accounts, making this our largest debit slip in the U.K. to date. And this extends Mastercard's existing relationship with Santander U.K. on consumer and commercial credit and leverages our capabilities in digital fraud solutions and some of our exclusive sponsorship assets. Now that's in addition to a credit and debit renewal. Again, both consumer and commercial that we just signed with Banco Santander in Spain. We're also pleased to announce a new deal for the U. K. Post Office Travel Money program one of the largest consumer prepaid programs in the U.K., to be exclusively Mastercard branded. In Latin America, building on our strong underlying momentum we've added the American Airlines co-brand in Brazil this quarter. We launched a new cashback consumer credit card with HSBC in Mexico. And we're driving innovative consumer and commercial solutions with the largest digital bank in Brazil, Banco Inter, and providing differentiated loyalty services for a number of customers in the region, including Banco Santander in Brazil. And we are strengthening our position in other markets as well. This quarter we extended our Commonwealth Bank of Australia credit and debit deal which includes a portfolio flip. In India, we signed a comprehensive debit agreement with Bank of Baroda that includes advisers, consulting, data analytics, and managed services. As you know, our focus on India is on growing both the issuing side and merchant acceptance in a number of different ways, including with digital technology such as QR codes, and we have talked about this in the past. Shifting to account paid (08:36) faster payments, we are making progress with Vocalink and we're in the RFP response phase for a number of potential opportunities around the world. But the PromptPay mobile payment system in Thailand is a good example of an international payment system powered by Vocalink gaining scale quickly. What PromptPay does is it enables bank transfers using a mobile number or a citizen ID. And as of April, 14 million users in Thailand have signed up, generating more than 170 million transactions since its launch in January 2017 and the equivalent of about $16 billion in consumer, business, and government payments in the last six months alone. On digital, you heard us recently announce our support of the EMVCo standards for simple and unified payments. When people shop online and in-app, they expect the same convenience and security that they have in store. And just like the single acceptance terminal in a physical store, we believe there should be one common checkout button in the digital world. That will deliver tremendous benefits for consumers, for merchants, and for issuers. A common checkout button would give consumers a consistent, secure, low-friction checkout flow, making it far easier for merchants to implement secure digital payments and provide issuers with improved fraud detection and prevention capability. And that should result in lower abandonment rates and more sales, good for everybody in the ecosystem. Since these standards also build on our tokenization services and authentication services, I think that brings us closer to a secure token-based world. 75% of all our cards are already enabled to be tokenized, and we see demand from merchants like Netflix and now Flipkart in India as well. And when you tokenize payment details at a merchant site, they essentially become useless if a fraudster steals them and tries to use them somewhere else. More importantly, it eliminates the need to manually update account numbers when cards are replaced. That happens automatically. It helps merchants and consumers by reducing declined transactions; again, good for everybody in the ecosystem. What's the bottom line? The bottom line is the EMV framework will bring the benefits of standardization, openness, and interoperability to consumers, to merchants, to acquirers, to issuers in the digital space. Now of course, we at Mastercard will continue to innovate and offer differentiated services for consumers and merchants in a whole range of ways, from loyalty and user experience to analytics with new kinds of security and authentication tools that we can provide, including with our recent acquisitions of NuData and Brighterion. Staying on our digital strategy, we are developing new ways for consumers to pay and for merchants to get paid through QR codes and particularly in emerging markets. A recent example is the partnership we announced with M-KOPA in East Africa to make it easier for people to access reliable energy sources to power their homes and businesses. And the idea is to boost productivity and prosperity. Masterpass QR enables people to finance solar power through small daily payments by scanning a QR code with their smartphones or entering the merchant ID into their older feature phones. Distribution partnerships on social platforms like Facebook and mobile financial services platforms like Tigo Pesa in Tanzania further extend the availability of QR codes to millions of users at a time. And finally, we continue to expand our suite of differentiated services. As many of you know, the General Data Protection Regulation in Europe, known as GDPR, establishes new rules for the use of personal data, and it puts consumers in greater control over how their data is used. Now we've always been committed to strong protection for consumer privacy. And you know, for example, that we only work with data in our analytics business on a fully anonymized and aggregated basis. We are very well positioned, therefore, for compliance with GDPR by the late May deadline across the full scope of the new requirements of this regulation. Having said that, one part of GDPR is related to how data must be anonymized for later use. And in this area, we've taken what I think is a particularly innovative approach. We have designed a compliant solution for this, founded an independent trust called Truata to offer this service commercially. Essentially, customers of Truata will remove personal identifiers from their data before sending that information to Truata, which further anonymizes it to protect an individual's identity. Customers will then receive analytics and aggregated insights back to use in their products and solutions. That way you ensure that the data and the resulting analytical capability and output can never be linked back to an individual. So that's a service that Truata's customers, including Mastercard, will use to further scale data and analytics services in a secure and compliant way. So with that, I will turn the call over to Martina for an update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning, everyone. We are very pleased to deliver a strong start to the year, even when you exclude the 4 ppt tailwind from foreign exchange to net revenue and the 6 ppt to net income, which was primarily driven by the appreciation of the euro since last year. Here on page 3, I will now highlight the numbers on a currency neutral basis. And also I will exclude special items related to litigation commissions. Net revenue grew 27%, driven by strong underlying performance and it includes a 4 ppt benefit from the new revenue recognition rules and a 2.5 ppt benefit from acquisitions. Excluding these items, underlying revenue growth was 20%. Operating expenses increased by 32% which includes 20 ppt of growth due to acquisitions our charitable contribution to the Center for Inclusive Growth and the impact of the new revenue recognition rules. Underlying expense growth was 12%. Operating income grew by 23% or 27% on an underlying basis based on the adjustments to revenue and operating expense I just noted. Net income was up 39% reflecting strong operating results and the impact of the U.S. tax reform, which contributed approximately 8 ppt to this net income growth. EPS was $1.50 per share, up by 43% year-over-year with share repurchases contributing $0.03 per share. During the quarter, we repurchased about $1.4 billion worth of stock and an additional $608 million through April 27, 2018. So let me turn to page 4, and here you can see the operational metrics for the first quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV growth was 14% on a local currency basis and that's up 1 ppt from last quarter. We saw solid double-digit growth across most regions. U.S. GDV grew 10%, up 1 ppt from last quarter and was made up of credit and debit growth of 9% and 12% respectively. And outside of the U.S. volume growth was 16%, up 2 ppt from last quarter primarily due to Europe and Asia-Pacific. Cross-border volume grew at a healthy 21% on a local currency basis, driven by growth in all regions, with the strongest growth contribution coming from Europe. Turning to page 5, switched transactions continued to show strong growth at 17% globally, normalized to exclude Venezuelan transactions as we no longer consolidate that entity. We saw healthy double-digit growth in switched transactions across all regions. And transaction growth was also up sequentially, led by Europe and the U.S. In addition, global card growth was 6%, again normalized for Venezuela. Globally, there are 2.4 billion Mastercard and Maestro branded cards issued. Now let me turn to page 6 for highlights on a few of the revenue line items, again described on a currency neutral basis unless otherwise noted. The 27% net revenue increase was primarily driven by strong volume and transaction growth as well as by growth in services. The new revenue recognition rules contributed 4 ppt to the growth rate, higher than what we anticipate for the total year. Excluding this impact and acquisitions, underlying net revenue growth was 20%. This growth was stronger than expected due to the delay of new deals resulting in lower rebates and incentives for the quarter and higher growth in services and cross-border. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items. Domestic assessments grew 20%, while worldwide GDV grew 14%. And the difference is primarily due to the impact of the new revenue recognition rules. Cross-border volume fees grew 19%, while cross-border volume was up 21%. The 2 ppt gap is mostly due to the higher intra Europe growth. Transaction processing fees grew 22%, primarily driven by the 17% normalized growth in switched transactions as well as revenues from our various service offerings and from Vocalink. Finally, other revenues grew 33% driven by increases in our advisers and safety and security services. As a reminder, most of the Vocalink revenues show up in this line which accounts for 10 ppt of this growth. Moving on to page 7, you can see that total operating expenses increased 32% excluding special items on a currency neutral basis. As I referenced earlier, this includes an 8 ppt impact from acquisitions, an 8 ppt impact from our charitable contribution of $100 million and a 3 ppt impact related to the new revenue recognition rules. Excluding these items, underlying expense growth was 12%. This reflects our investment in strategic initiatives such as digital infrastructure, safety and security platforms, data analytics and geographic expansion as well as higher costs related to our increased revenues in certain areas such as loyalty. Turning to slide 8, let's discuss what we have seen in April through the 28th where all of our drivers are similar or a bit slower than our first quarter drivers but in line with our expectations and comprehended in the outlook that I will talk about in a moment. The numbers through April 28 are as follows. Starting with switched volume, we saw global growth of 14%. That's down 2 ppt from what we saw in the first quarter with solid growth in all regions. In the U.S. our switched volume grew 8%, down three ppt from the first quarter with lower growth in both credit and debit programs. Switched volume outside of the U.S. grew 18%, down 2 ppt from the first quarter. And globally switched transaction growth was 17%, the same as what we saw in the first quarter with healthy growth in each region. And with respect to cross-border, our volumes grew 19% globally down 2 ppt sequentially in part due to the drop of crypto wallet funding. Turning to slide 9 and our thoughts for the full year 2018, which I will describe on a currency neutral basis and excluding special items, our business fundamentals remain strong as we continue to grow share across our core products and expand our service offerings. We continue to forecast a healthy economic environment. And with a solid first quarter we now expect year over year revenue growth to be in the high teens percentage-wise, up from our previous expectations of mid-teens. As a reminder, this growth includes the impact of the new revenue recognition rules in 2018 and the full year effect of acquisitions which we continue to estimate will contribute about 3 points to growth on a combined basis. As you can see on the orange bar at the bottom of the chart our organic growth excluding these items would be in the mid-teens range, up from our prior expectations of the high end of low double digits. I would like to call out a few items related to the revenue profile for the year. First, we do expect deal closings and implementations to pick up from Q1 levels which will increase rebates and incentives in the following quarters. Second, we expect cross border growth to moderate somewhat. This is due to the recent drop-off in crypto wallet funding. And in addition, cross-border will also face tougher comps for the balance of the year given the strengthening of the euro during 2017. You can see this a bit already in our April metrics. Thirdly, we do not expect to see as much revenue uplift in the next three quarters from the new revenue recognition rules as we saw in Q1. And finally, just a reminder that we have lapped the Vocalink acquisition at the end of April. On expenses, we're accelerating our investments in strategic areas such as safety and security, digital and our B2B products. We're also seeing some increased operating costs related to our higher revenues, in particular related to some of our services such as loyalty. As a result of these factors, we now expect year-over-year expense growth to be in the mid-teens, up from our previous expectations of low double digits. This growth includes the impact of the new revenue recognition rules, the full year effect of acquisitions and impact of the contribution to our Center for Inclusive Growth. When combined, we continue to estimate that these three items will contribute about 8 points to growth. Again as you can see on the orange bar at the bottom of the chart, expense growth on an organic basis excluding these items would be in the range of high single digits, up from our prior expectations of mid-single digits. With respect to our quarterly expense profile, as usual Q2 and Q3 will grow significantly more versus year ago than the fourth quarter. A few other items of note. Foreign exchange is now expected to be a 2 ppt benefit to the top line and a 3 ppt benefit to net income for the year with the biggest uplift having already occurred in the first quarter given the profile of the year ago exchange rates. And the estimated tax rate of approximately 19% to 20% for the year, based on our current expectations of regional mix of earnings. Of note, the Q1 effective tax rate of 17.7% is lower than the expected full-year tax rate, as Q1 included discrete benefits of 2.3 percentage points. With that, let me turn the call back to Warren to begin the Q&A session. Warren?
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Thanks, Martina. Operator, we're now ready for the questions.
Operator: And your first question comes from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Congrats on the solid results. I want to ask about the strength you're seeing in Europe and Asia in particular. Are those share gains versus the competitors, or is that just the overall growth in the markets? It's probably a little bit of both I'm guessing.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Yes, we're seeing both, Bryan. Actually in Europe, we're seeing domestic growth really showing up very nicely. Cross-border growth has actually improved from what the statistics that we have seen before, including what we're seeing, by the way, in the UK. So we are seeing very solid spend in the UK domestically. We see solid double-digit cross-border growth outbound of the UK as well as inbound into the UK. So we're seeing at the moment no clouds on the horizon, even though we are obviously worried about Brexit. We see very solid growth in Eastern Europe showing up. In Asia-Pacific, what we're really seeing is that Australia is coming back a little bit. And we're also seeing some healthy growth, it's like in the high single digit rate, from a cross-border perspective in China.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And just as a quick follow-up, on the rebates and incentives side, the pickup you expect, is there any way to think about the cadence throughout the rest of the year? Will it pick up each quarter going through, or is it just a little bit of a pickup here in the second quarter as some of the deal closes? Thanks so much.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: You're asking me the $100 question here because that is always what I'm asking our people in the business. It really depends in terms of when we are signing agreements and when we're implementing the agreement. The best outlook that I have at this point in time is that probably Q3 is the high-water mark in terms of rebates and incentives. But again, once we close out Q2, we will let you know.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Togut with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Thank you, good morning. Could you comment on the pace of RFPs you're seeing in Europe for ACH-related offerings? Specifically I'm asking about Vocalink's positioning on Continental Europe ahead of PSD2.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: So there are a number of RFPs out there, not just in Europe but around the world. We're participating in all of them. I don't think there's any change in the pace of RFPs based on the implementation dates of PSD2. A lot of the RFPs have to do with countries and locations trying to upgrade their clearinghouse systems over the years from what was built many years ago to what's more state of the art in terms of Fast ACH with better messaging and better data transmission capabilities connecting to directories and the like. That's what we are participating in.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Understood. And then as a follow-up, could you comment on any update with respect to your B2B hub?
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Yes, so that work progresses, and we are in the process of rolling out with the first client early in the second half of this year. Meanwhile, we already had a number of our clients who had relationships with AvidXchange. This is the partner we have used to build the B2B hub with. And those volumes are doing really well. In fact, one of those, for example, is KeyBank. And we have seen not just great volumes coming through, we've seen an increased share shift from check to card. So we've got good momentum on that commercial business beyond the B2B hub, as well with growth across Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Capital One, Citibank, and a bunch of other partners in commercial.
David Mark Togut - Evercore ISI: Understood, congrats on the strong results.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Friedman with Susquehanna. Your line is open.
James Eric Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hi, it's Jamie at Susquehanna. Martina, I wanted a clarification, if I could. You were going quick there. But when you were talking about other revenue growth and then you had called out advisers and safety and security. I think, and I apologize if I wrote this down wrong, but you said there was 10 ppt of growth contribution from Vocalink. Is that – what's the antecedent? Are you referring to other revenue or services revenue or total revenue?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: So the other revenues, as you know, has most of our services business included, and it grew for the quarter by 33%. And 10 percentage points of that was related to the acquisition that we did of Vocalink, so the underlying growth actually was 23%. And of the 23%, the line items that drove it most was advisers as well as safety and security. The Vocalink acquisition, I just called it out because we still have not lapped the acquisition. Remember, we made the acquisition only on April 28, 2017, so it wasn't in there for the fourth quarter, so that's why we're calling it out for you. Of course, the impact in the second quarter will be much lower because you only have one month's worth of the Vocalink revenues coming in year over year.
James Eric Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got it, thank you for the clarification. And then I guess like a moth to the flame, I've got to ask about the crypto. Let's see how to ask this one. That's a bigger callout than we had anticipated on the crypto. I guess what corridors are you seeing that come through and where is it deteriorating from? And do you think it will ever come back?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: So the issue in this, first of all, in terms of the stacks, on the cross-border volume growth, the cryptocurrency funding or the crypto wallet funding really was 1 ppt. It was 1 ppt that we saw in the fourth quarter and it was 1 ppt that we saw in the first quarter. What the issue is that a number of the banks have decided, in particular in the United States, that they would not allow the usage of cards for this particular funding vehicle. And that's why we have already seen a relatively significant decrease of the volume related to that event. In terms of where the funding is coming from by country, we're seeing quite a bit coming out of the United States. We saw quite a bit coming out of Australia and some other select countries in Asia, and then a number of countries in Europe.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: The governments around the world – I was out in Asia recently. And Korea, for example, has pulled back on allowing some of these exchanges as well to operate. There's a lot of concerns even in Japan because one of their biggest exchanges got hacked into and has now been bought out by another company in an effort to bring that back to an even keel. In general, the in and out of buying currency – a normal fair currency to put into a crypto wallet, which is what we were involved using our cards with, it depends a little bit on the interest in cryptocurrency. And as you can see, right now there's a little less interest than there was in the latter part of the fourth quarter and the first quarter. So when we did our earnings call last time, we actually said that this is not something we count on because we just don't know how to predict it or we don't even want to count it.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Next question, please.
James Eric Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks, good morning. I had a question on the commentary around organic operating expense growth. So in the quarter it was 12%. I think you're guiding to kind of high single digits for the remainder of the year. So that to me would imply a step-down. But then there's the commentary about the significant ramp in investments or just continued advancement in investments. So I'm just trying to reconcile that statement a bit.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: It's really year-over-year comps, so you're going to have to look at where the operating expense numbers were in the second and the third and the fourth quarter of 2017. So it's just a reality of that. There's nothing really more to it, Dan.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: I can maybe add one more thing. So in the fourth quarter, often enough we go for lower A&M expenses. And you might see some of that too because we are trying to move some of that into the earlier quarters. But that's really – it's not going to be very different than what you saw last year.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then can you just provide some commentary around the step-down in these April statistics? You've already mentioned obviously cross-border but switching in global U.S., outside the U.S., they all kind of stepped down so. Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Okay. So, first of all, I just want to remind you that this is completely in line with our expectations. And I comprehended it totally in the stats for 2018 from a net revenue point of view. But when you look at the U.S. where the switched volume is down, really predominantly it's because of the debit programs. And there it's a seasonality adjustment. You might remember that we are powering the Social Security benefits with Comerica for the United States. And depending when they get paid, you have a little bit of an uptick in the first quarter. Secondly, we are also the provider for H&R Block in terms of tax reimbursements. And of course, in the first quarter, especially at the end of the quarter, there's actually quite a bit of an uptick which you don't expect to continue into the second quarter. So that's for the United States. In terms of the volume outside of the U. S., 18% down 2 ppt. Look, I mean this is like – if it's 1 or 2 ppt or even 3 ppt here or there, it's little upticks and downticks country by country. I'm not going to go through all of this. But it's just what we see from time to time quarter-over-quarter.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Donald J. Fandetti - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Ajay, on the common checkout button, can you talk a little bit about sort of a realistic timeline when you think this could be up and running? And I guess my question is, do you think that this approach will be a little more successful in terms of merchant penetration? I think my sense is over the years that it's been a little bit of a struggle for the networks under digital wallets. And then, secondly, how important strategically is success here? Clearly if you look at where volumes are going, ecommerce is the future. And can you talk a little bit about that?
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Sure, Don. I mean, look, ecommerce is definitely growing. And but remember we participate in ecommerce as well through the funding of lots of different wallets and methods of paying over the Internet, whether you pay from a phone or you pay from your computer. So ecommerce is growing which typically takes out cash as well and also does take out retail brick-and-mortar in some ways. It's a good thing as far as we're concerned. It's all about digital payments. So I'm not fussed about that. And remember this that ecommerce at the end of the day is if that's what the consumer wants to do and that's how they want to interact, our job is to make sure the consumer can do that in a safe way, in a simple way, in a convenient way, in a way that meets their needs and gives them rewards and incentives and the like to do it. So I'm actually quite inclined to think that that's where a lot of effort will go and think about the Internet of Things and digital physical commerce coming together, so all that's important. Therefore, finding a way to also grow in the digital space, not only by relying on other wallet providers but also giving our issuers a chance to be able to be present on merchants' checkout locations in an appropriate way, in a brand friendly way, in a simple way for consumers is also important. And for merchants which is to me where it all started from as well, if you go to them with each network or each wallet attempting to create its own way to connect with a merchant, think through what that means. Forget big merchants. It's a nuisance for them. Think of the medium and smaller sized ones. It's a nightmare for them. So the right way to this is the way we did the physical card business, take away the issues of multiple terminals in merchants' locations. It becomes impossible, difficult, expensive and inconvenient and make it simple for them with one terminal. That's what this is about. It's one checkout button. And then after that, it flows the way you would normally flow with all the offers that we can provide from rewards and incentives and loyalty and security and all those things. So do I believe this is important? I absolutely do. Not just for the networks or the banks, I actually think it's really important for merchants and consumers. That's what I'm really focused on and why I'm a big supporter of the single checkout button. I think it's transformative for the industry as a whole, for the ecosystem. I think our job is to execute it well. Now your first question is about timing. My belief is it that we better do this well. Somewhere over the course of the latter part of this year, you'll begin to see the first aspects of this coming out into the marketplace. You'll probably see a real push in the early part of next year. Remember merchants have got to gear up for getting into this. Banks have got to gear up for getting into this. Normally the banks have already signed up to network digital wallets but also how they then offer it seamlessly to their customers for online enrollment. There's a whole set of things to be done here if we're going to do it well for the merchant, the consumer and the issuer. That's what we're focused on.
Donald J. Fandetti - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: And I just want to add one step to what Ajay has been saying on how important the ecommerce business is to us. In this quarter, the ecommerce business grew 25% okay? So that's a very, very large growth. And by the way, these kind of stats we have been seeing quarter after quarter. It's either in the lower 20s, mid 20s or high 20s depends on which quarter you're looking at. So it's obviously a huge focus for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brett Huff with Stephens. Your line is open.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning. Thanks for the time and congrats on a nice quarter. Can I dig in a little bit more on the B2B strategy that you have? It sounds like the investments are going to be accelerated there. Can you just be a little more specific on what specific strands of investment that you're going to accelerate there? Is it more partnerships? Is it more organic building of technology? Could you just be a little more detailed for us?
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Sure, sure. So that's part of Martina's expense commentary that she was talking about, right? I mean look, we are taking advantage of two things. Let me put them in context. One is better revenue growth and two is the tax reforms that have allowed us to think in terms of accelerating some of our investments in strategic areas. Commercial B2B is one of them but there's safety and security. There's everything we're doing at digital and contactless. There's all the work we're doing on expanding acceptance with QR codes and the like. There's the matter of loyalty and rewards. And so there's a bunch of places the money is going into. Commercial and B2B is a very important part of that. That's why we called it out in a prior Investor Day. What are we doing? It's not just what we've done already which is commercial cards which, by the way, are growing well. And that's – somebody asked me a question a little while back and I talked about good commercial growth in the U. S. with Bank of America and Capital One and Citi and elsewhere as well. That's typically inside the traditional card based business, whether physical cards or virtual cards. And that basically aims at corporate T&E, at fleet cards, at purchasing cards, at B2B payments through Amadeus and the like. That's one part of it. That uses things like Smart Data. It uses In Control. Those are all, I would say, assets of ours that we are continually investing in to keep them state of the art but they're there. We own them, we have them. What's interesting is we're all seeing interest beyond the typical bankcard issuers. The technology providers who embed commercial payment solutions into their software, into their platforms are getting interested in our ability to provide them with a full service suite when they go and sell to small and medium merchants. As well as payment aggregators in verticals like construction and insurance where we haven't had great penetration over the years. Then there's the third aspect, which again somebody asked me about it, the B2B Hub and all the work in the accounts payable place. The idea there is to streamline accounts payable which otherwise has over the years become more and more of a nightmare to most people. There's lots of people you're buying from, lots of people you're paying to. Trying to reconcile those two together and find a way to ensure that complicated payments are reconciled appropriately and don't leave you with enormous issues at the end of the cycle as well as providing access to easy credit. That kind of stuff is what the Mastercard B2B Hub can help with. We don't provide the credit but we can help enable the efficiency of the accounts payable space. And then the last one which we're actually quite focused on and which shouldn't be the last but it's just that way I'm talking about it is actually capturing cross-border B2B payments. That's where Mastercard Send and HomeSend on the one hand combined with Vocalink on the other is to me the killer app. So today I can go to the bank and go there and say I can meet your B2B needs. You want them through ACH and direct debit, talk to me. You want them through virtual cards, talk to me. You want them through commercial cards, talk to me. You want them through any aspect, I can help you. And I can help you Mr. Bank, and Mr. Medium and Small Merchant by making life easier for you, quicker for you, more efficient, easier to reconcile and streamline. That is our B2B strategy.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And then just any update on the economics of how you see the Vocalink business kind of being deployed, be it more network effects or network economics versus kind of being an arms dealer or a mix. I know that was something you talked about at your last Analyst Day. Thanks.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Arms dealer? I don't know if I used that. That's an interesting topic. So here's the deal. I'll start off and I'll give it to Martina. My view is that Vocalink will go in the marketplace, as I said, one, through RFPs where they are actually creating or participating in the infrastructure of fast payments in a country. The UK is where we not only participate in helping the infrastructure, we run it. In other countries like in the United States, it's our software that's powering the clearinghouse which is in the process of rolling out this instant ACH systems. Like that we are the participants as I said in Thailand, that's the example I gave you about that. One where we are more than just software and also helping them actually manage their capabilities. We do that in Sweden. We do that in Singapore. We do that in a number of countries. We're participating in RFPs for that kind of work in a number of markets around the world from Latin America to Asia. There is a second aspect, which is to be able to bring our knowledge and capabilities of this to banks as they attempt to make ACH become a bigger part of their payments but do it in a way that takes it from being a relatively blunt instrument where reconciliation and settlement is happening, sometimes one day later, sometimes two days later, to on-time, real-time instant. And what that changes in terms of the value added services they can provide and therefore find a way to build loyalty with their customer base. That work is another space. We call that fondly the scheme kind of thinking. Then there's a third which is more application built, which you read about us launching in the UK, the Pay by Bank app which is an ability for banks to pay at a merchant space and offer their consumer the choice of paying by card or by direct debit or with some kind of economics and value-added services that make sense for the consumer, the merchant, and the bank. All that is part of what Vocalink's up to. It's a different set of strategies for different markets. It's is not going to be one sort of fit of the code for every country.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: From an economic point of view, typically when we go to the infrastructure layer, it's either a license fee. That is not a lot of money we always tell to our investors, or there is a basic fee for people who are using the infrastructure. Where the money is really going to be made is what Ajay referenced, when you run the scheme or when you have an app. And typically transaction-based pricing, very similar to our core model, comes in at that point in time. And that's what we're already proving out in the UK with the Pay by Bank app. And then lastly, on top of that with the services that we're building, and we showed a number of those services in our last Investor Day in September, that is a normal pricing if it's a data analytics service or if it's a loyalty service or if it's a fraud service. That's k the normal pricing that we have established already from a core perspective. So those are the three layers in terms of what you should be watching out for us to develop. Having said all of this, this will take some time. This is not like we're turning the key and suddenly you're going to see this all coming in next year. It's going to take us a number of years to really prove the case.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: And the reason for that is we're dealing with clearinghouses in different countries. These are not individual one-on-one bank to us deals. These are deals where you're going to get either the government or a set of banks that own the clearinghouse together to be able to migrate to Fast ACH. There are lots of implications of this. But it makes us the player that can offer choice to a country, to an issuer, to a merchant, and to a consumer. And choice is what we are focused on.
Brett Huff - Stephens, Inc.: Thank you so much.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my question, good morning. I was wondering if you could maybe address two items on debit. One is do you think that the – it seems like the trends are pretty strong globally. Anything to call out in terms of your debit share from an issuance perspective beyond the things that you noted in terms of Kroger and your confidence that can improve from here? And then the second one relates to the transactions processed on network or switched transactions. That seemed to step down a little bit. Was that purely an effect due to European mix, or was there something else going on there?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: So first of all, our debit performance is very strong in the United States and in Europe, really in the rest of the world too, but that's the two questions that you asked. In the U.S., as you can see, we're winning some share. When you look at transactions in the U.S., it really depends which quarter you're looking at because the routing of the PIN transactions by the merchants can make a difference. And you might remember that we won quite a few of those routing RFPs quite some quarters ago, and some of those are lapping. But also merchants make dynamic decisions from time to time. So I don't think you should be reading into that anything from a U.S. point of view other than that we continue to make good progress. From a European...
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: We also have the PayPal debit deal in the U.S., which will help us.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Which will help us. It hasn't rolled in, of course at this point in time. And then in Europe, in Europe I think we're very strong in debit in most countries in Europe. There's only one country where we had a little bit more of an issue, which is the UK And as you can see from a number of these announcements that we have been making over the last few quarters as well as what Ajay talked about this morning with Santander, we are really going back into that space and being able to compete effectively. You are not seeing some of those stats yet coming into our actual numbers. It will typically take a 6 to 12-month period for the implementations to happen and for those portfolios to flip over.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Last time we talked about Crédit Mutuel in France. We got a debit flip there. We've got ING Bank in Italy. I just talked about Bank of Baroda in India. You'll find that our growth rate on debit in India is strong. And over the next couple of quarters, you'll see us talking about the India debit share there. The debit, you're aiming at millennials. You're aiming at everyday spend. You're aiming at contactless, which really attacks cash. So you're also obviously aiming at ATM withdrawals and getting cash out of ATMs. Debit meets all those needs. And so debit is important to us, and that's where we're focused on. We're also doing a lot of work on converting some Maestro cards to Mastercard debit because that gives banks and consumers a better capability of using those cards. So there's a lot of building blocks to our strategy on debit.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: The one thing, Jim, I just want to point out because I'm not sure if you're getting confused because of that is, remember we are excluding the results of Venezuela starting the first quarter of 2018, which in particular impacts transactions. It doesn't really impact volume. And so you're not seeing – you're seeing the same 17% growth or so that we had in transactions. But in fact, if you strip that out, then the transaction growth in the fourth quarter was 15% ex-Venezuela, and in the first quarter is 17%. So you actually saw an acceleration from a transaction point of view.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's very helpful, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Thanks, guys. I was just wondering if you could give us some rough sizing on your China outbound business as a percent of total cross-border. We just continue to get some questions around the expanded acceptance of Alipay and WeChat Pay. I know we've talked about this a little bit in the past. But as the acceptance footprint in the U.S. and other Western countries expands and more Chinese citizens traveling in the West potentially use some of those services, is this something that's significant enough to ultimately move the needle on those outbound China cross-border volumes? Is it too small to really matter? Just any context there would be helpful.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: I'm going to start and then probably Ajay is going to add some comments on it. First of all, we're seeing from a cross-border volume growth point of view, outbound in China high single digits, okay? That's what we saw in the last quarter and then it went around that for the last few quarters. The Alipay, the Tenpay, that's not a big impact at this point in time. What is much more of an impact, what happened in China last year in terms of the dual-branded cards were actually not allowed to be issued or banks took the PBOC guidance not to issue dual-branded cards. And that got changed some quarters ago where the banks were willing to again go into the dual-brand card business. And dual-branded cards as you know both have a cup logo which is the card is being used domestically as well as Mastercard logo on it where the card is being used cross-border. And that actually did impact our growth when they were cut off and it does impact our growth positively as they're starting to come back into the market. In the meantime, we have issued quite a few what's called single-branded cards. So these are just Mastercards. There's no domestic logo on it. And those single-branded cards are used by customers only in the cross-border context. As you can appreciate, those cards have to work their way up to top of wallet, right, because a Chinese consumer is not going to be able to use it daily in China. But we're going to have to make sure that they put out that card overseas and there are lots of loyalty programs and other things that we're doing actually with our issuers. But those cards also carry less spend than the dual-branded cards because they're less top of wallet. That was much more of an impact than what you saw from the pays.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: The only think I'd add to that is that you've got to realize that I think China is an interesting market going forward. But today, total numbers, it's a relatively small part of what Mastercard is. So yes, some of the cross border from China goes one way or the other, one quarter it's up, one quarter it's down. It's interesting, but it doesn't transform our life. Yes, out some period of time, some years depending on how the strategy in China plays out, I believe there is a very interesting opportunity for our company there. And we are deeply thinking our way through that. And that's where our focus is. That, by the way, includes our ability to operate for domestic processing in China which, as you know, we've got our own effort to apply to get the ability to get a domestic processing license. We went in there with a joint venture structure, constructed in a way that brings lot of local expertise with us into the system but enables us to offer value added services from our technology overseas as well. So it's a very nice balance of allowing local business people to be helpful to our company while also helping us add value from our global constructed services. We're obviously waiting for clarity from the Chinese government and talking to them regularly. Clearly, the U.S. China trade circumstances will help or impede some of that movement, but I don't measure this in three months and six months. I measure this over a few years. I've been here nine years and I've been working on this topic for nine years. So it's not going to change in a day. Meanwhile, Alipay and Tenpay are actually partners of ours in a number of ways. So I have a lot of respect for them. I admire their capability. I think we can do a lot together with them as well. There is a change on the ground in China as well with the regulator and the government beginning to put a more constructive playing field around what banks are doing and what digital players are doing. And I think you should kind of go and study that a little bit to get a sense of this isn't going forward, what it was looking back. It's just there's a whole new landscape working out in China and we believe that there's opportunity for us as well as others in what's a very large marketplace.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Operator, I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Hey, Tien-Tsin.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you, thank you. Good morning. Hi. Good morning. Good stuff. I don't have a lot of stuff. Just wanted to ask on the regulations side, because we've been getting this question. Just on the euro cross-border and dynamic currency conversion proposals. Any implications for Mastercard?
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Not really. I mean, I think implications always in a sense is going to help get it implemented, but I actually think it's consumer-friendly. And so if you do it the right way it actually helps consumers understand what they're paying, when they're paying and how much they're paying. So I don't think it's – implications is there to get it done, but it's probably the right thing to do.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Good. And then just one quick one. Just on the services side. It sounds like very strong growth there. I'm curious, given all the focus and sensitivity on data sharing, does this change in any way your thinking on monetizing analytics and info services and things of that nature?
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: No. In fact, Tien-Tsin, I believe that we can set a bar on how GDPR kind of rules get implemented in different parts of the world. We are ready with the GDPR work in Europe. We're are not really ready with our work. We're creating a commercial opportunity out of what most people think is a cost. And we believe if you do it the right way you can still protect consumer privacy. You could still protect their interests, as you and I want our interest provided, but still provide you with good value added services that include your ability to choose how your data is shared. I don't see that as conflicting. Remember that the majority of what we see as data today is essentially not consumer specific. The overwhelming majority is only of card number, the dollar value, or the euro value, the time of the transaction and the merchant code. So I don't think that's changing.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. Great. Thank you.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Ajay, any final questions or any comments.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Thank you all for your question. We'll wrap up with some closing thoughts. We are off to a very good start of the year with record revenue and earnings growth this quarter. Martina actually has willingly raised our expectations for the year as well, which is a first. We're pleased with our deal momentum with wins like Santander in Europe. And that leverages our differentiated service offerings. That's what Tien-Tsin is also getting at just now. And to advance our digital strategy, we are executing on delivering the best digital experience across all channels, all devices, in both developed and emerging markets. So we believe that our investments in these and other key areas will continue to position us really well for long term growth. And so, with that, thank you for your support of the company. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Warren Kneeshaw - Head of Investor Relations Ajay Banga - President and Chief Executive Officer Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: James Schneider - Goldman Sachs  Don Fandetti - Wells Fargo Darrin Peller - Barclays  David Togut - Evercore Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust  Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America  Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank  Craig Maurer - Autonomous Research Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kim, and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mastercard Q4 Full-Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations, please go-ahead, sir.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thank you, Kim and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2017 earnings call. With me today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open to accept registrations. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data, and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a currency-neutral basis and exclude special items unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their GAAP equivalents. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I would like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Ajay Banga.
Ajay Banga: Thank you, Warren, and good morning everybody. So, our business continues to perform well. We are very pleased to have delivered strong results again this quarter and I think that driven by our continued focus of the execution of our strategy that we laid out for you, in fact as recently as the Investor Day in September. For the quarter, we delivered net revenue growth of 18% and an EPS growth of 30%, excluding special items, which are primarily related to the U.S. tax reform and our Venezuela operations. On that same basis, net revenue growth for the year was 15%, and EPS growth of 21%. Major economies around the world generally improved in 2017 and we expect to see a relatively steady environment again this year although with some pockets of instability. In the U.S., consumer conference has been healthy, unemployment remains low, and holiday retail sales was solid although year-over-year quarterly growth was slightly lower in Q4 than in the previous quarter according to our SpendingPulse estimates. In Europe, the economy has been relatively stable. Germany and France are driving some mild growth. Retail sales growth in the UK, however slowed in the fourth quarter, again according to SpendingPulse. And about the UK, we remain concerned about the potential impacts of Brexit over the medium and longer-term. Latin America, there the region has been recovering from its economic recession, and whilst Brazil and Mexico both have presidential elections coming up, and of course Mexico has the added uncertainty of NAFTA renegotiations we are cautiously optimistic that economic growth in that region in 2018 will be similar to 2017. The political and economic crisis in Venezuela continues to worsen and Martina is going to discuss that in some detail when she comes on to her section. Now in Asia, we have seen improvement in consumer and business sentiment in Australia and the ASEAN countries continue to be bright spots. So, overall, and although we know that the world is not without geopolitical and trade-related risks, absent any major impacts from these, we expect 2018 to be similar to 2017 from an economic standpoint. Under that the backdrop kind of focused on continuing to execute a strategy that’s allowing us to grow share across all of our product lines in 2017, and let me give you a few examples of how we are doing this. Through the U.S., you read this morning probably that we have just announced that we have now got the combined Bass Pro Shops and Cabela's co-brand that's chosen Mastercard for their consumer credit co-brand book. It is one of the largest retail co-brands in the market. You probably know that we have been the network for the Bass Pro Shops co-brand and we will convert the Cabela's Club portfolio to Mastercard later this year.  We also renewed our exclusive agreements with KeyBank so that consumer and commercial credit and debit portfolios this quarter are now. KeyBank actually is a great example of a customer who uses various Mastercard services. They use our decision intelligence authentication tools, our loyalty platform processing services, that’s a nice widespread of services. Another example is Bank of America, and as we told you in September we had won the Mastercard cash 1, 2, 3 consumer credit cards. We were launching those exclusively by the end of the first quarter. They leveraged many of our capabilities, including fraud products, advisers, and are also one of our largest labs as the service customers. And that’s where we innovate together with our customers using design thinking to rapidly co-create targeted solutions for their business opportunities. In Europe, we're just pleased to announce that later this year we will be launching the new Virgin Atlantic Consumer Credit Card and that’s issued by Virgin Money in the UK. We continue to make progress with European Banks. We’ve signed a number of new deals with large issuers in France this quarter, including mowing market share with the flip of Credit Mutuel's debit business. In addition, we are shifting share to us in credit and debit from local competitors with ING Bank in Italy as one example. ING is also launching new prepaid issuance with Mastercard and they are leveraging added benefits such as Mastercard instalments, which gives consumers financial flexibility to split their payments over monthly instalments. Now, the interesting aspect beyond this is that ING's implementation is entirely managed by our API’s and of course it gives their customers an easy way to convert purchases to instalments through their mobile banking app. Now we're also winning debit in other regions such as in Latin America, where we signed a new deal with Davivienda in Colombia emphasizing cross-border and digital capabilities. We launched a new co-brand debit programs with Amazon in Mexico. In the Middle East, a flip Doha Bank’s debit portfolio is giving us portfolio exclusivity in one of the most affluent markets globally. In China and India, we're making progress. We've signed new deals in China this quarter with customers such as ICBC, China Industrial Bank, The Agricultural Bank of China. In India, the government has finally published new merchant discount rates. And we think that’s going to spur merchant acceptance and continued transactional growth over the next few years. And we're making progress with Vocalink. Since the acquisition in May, we have launched real-time payments to the clearinghouse in the U.S., we have further scaled the person-to-merchant Pay By Bank app, and we went live with an image-based clearing system for the check and credit clearing company in the UK. In the fourth quarter, we expanded our analytics capabilities at Vocalink. We’ve successfully launched a corporate fraud alert product with RBS as our first customer. They are using analysis of corporate payment history and machine learning to help protect companies who are their clients against various types of corporate fraud, invoice redirection being an example. On the infrastructure side, we’re participating in a number of RFPs around the globe and we believe these will position us well in the real time payment space over time. And in parallel, we’re developing apps and value-added services that can be deployed across this infrastructure. So, a few comments on the digital space. We have expanded the rollout of tokenization, which as you know is the foundational technology for secure digital payments.  We’ve added 500 new issuers and 21 markets over the course of 2017. I mean now a total of 1,200 issuers in 46 markets. For the year, we saw tokenized transaction growth of over 500%. Now, not from a small base, but it reflects this momentum that I’m speaking to. And last year, we continued to see how important this seamless digital purchasing experience is to our merchant partners as we grew Masterpass acceptance with Dunkin' Donuts, Walgreens, Verizon Wireless, and many others. And this quarter, we’re pleased to add several more partners, including in the grocery category such as, DJs and John Deagle [ph] in the U.S. In McDonald's, we are going beyond a simple implementation and helping them develop a food delivery app with exclusive Masterpass acceptance in multiple markets across Latin America. So, now let me wrap up by saying a few things about U.S. tax reform. We see this as a very positive development for the country, particularly in the near-term. As businesses will have an increased capacity to invest, and many consumers will have more disposable income.  What we’re thinking of taking the opportunity is to make several focused investments that build on our long-standing commitment to strengthen our business, support our people, and make a positive contribution to the communities where we operate, while of course continuing to provide strong capital returns to our shareholders. And so, I’m going to lay out a couple of steps we’re going to take. The first one is, we will make additional investments in our center for inclusive growth, which we launched back in 2014 as a way to focus our data, expertise, technology and philosophic investments to support inclusive growth. You know that we believe that enables more people to become financially empowered. It is therefore good for our business as well. Over the next several years, we plan to invest an initial $0.5 billion to fuel their philanthropic contributions into the community. And among our initial efforts will be training programs for U.S. workers to help create the workforce for tomorrow. Now these additional investments in this center were beyond the impact we already delivered through other existing initiatives across the company, as well as the Mastercard foundation, which you will recall as one of the world's largest private philanthropic funds and of course our public-private partnerships with governments, which today are in over 60 countries. We’ve got 1,300 programs and that’s taken us more than two-thirds of the way to our goal of bringing 500 million more people into the financial system. Our second area of focus with this opportunity around the U.S. tax reform is our employees and their retirement planning. And while we’ve always been an active and generous contributor to our employee benefits, we're going to take this opportunity to enhance our employer match to 10% for defined contribution retirement plans. And this will be an opportunity for the majority of our employees, including those across the United States to benefit from this change. And finally, we will absolutely accelerate investments both in an organic and inorganic basis in areas that are aligned with our business strategy, digital infrastructure of fast ACH, data analytics those spaces. Now, just to put this in context; yes, we will be making all these initial investments, but the majority of the tax savings will be used to invest in the growth of our business, and also to return excess capital to our shareholders. Now with that, let me turn the call over to Martina for an update on our financial results and our operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks Ajay, and good morning everyone. As you can see in the highlights on Page 3, we have delivered another strong quarter. Foreign exchange was of a tailwind of about 2.5 ppt to net revenue, and 3 ppt to net income, primarily due to the strengthening of the euro. I will now highlight the numbers on a currency neutral basis, excluding the impact of special items, which I will explain in more detail on the next slide. Net revenue grew 18%, driven by solid momentum in our core business and includes a 3 ppt benefit from acquisitions. Operating expenses increased by 15%, and includes an 8 ppt impact from acquisitions, primarily for Vocalink. Operating income grew by 20%, while net income was up 25%, resulting from our strong underlying performance and a lower tax rate. EPS was $1.14, up by 30% year-over-year with share repurchases contributing $0.03 per share. During the quarter, we repurchased about 1 billion worth of stock and an additional $287 million through January 30, 2018. So, let me turn to Page 4 and here I’m going to touch on the special items we had taken this quarter. The U.S. tax reform resulted in three impacts to the tax line in our P&L in the fourth quarter. This is our best estimate based on our current interpretation of the new tax laws and could still change during 2018. The first item is a 629 million charge related to deemed repatriation on accumulated foreign earnings and is payable over eight years. The second item is related to the revaluation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities at the new corporate tax rate of 21%. Since we are in a net deferred tax asset position, we have recorded $157 million charge this quarter. Finally, we have an $87 million impact, due to the loss of certain foreign tax credits and a change in policy regarding foreign earnings. The total of all tax impacts related to the U.S. tax reform bill was $873 million or $0.82 per share. In addition, the economic and political conditions in Venezuela continue to deteriorate and therefore, similar to what other companies have already done, we have decided to exclude the financial results of those operations from our consolidated financial statements for future periods. This has resulted in a pre-tax charge of $167 million, or $108 million after tax. However, we will continue to provide switching and other services in the country. As a result of these special items, we had combined after-tax impacts of $981 million, or $0.92 per share this quarter. So, let me now continue to explain how our underlying business performance for the quarter.  Here on Page 5, you can see the operational metrics for the fourth quarter. Worldwide Gross Dollar Volume, or GDV, growth was 13% on a local currency basis, and that’s up 2 ppt from last quarter. We saw solid double-digit growth in all regions outside of the U.S. U.S. GDV grew 9%, up 3 ppt from last quarter, and was made up of Credit and Debit growth of 10% and 8%, respectively. Outside of the U.S., volume growth was 15%, that’s up 2 ppt from last quarter, led by Europe and Asia. And cross-border volume grew at a healthy 17% on a local currency basis, with strong double-digit growth across all regions, again led by the U.S. and Europe. Turning to Page 6, here you see switched transactions continued to show strong growth at 17% globally, with U.S. growth up sequentially. Similar to the last few quarters, we saw healthy double-digit growth in all regions outside of the U.S. Globally, there are 2.4 billion Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards issued. Now let’s turn to Page 7, for highlights on a few of the revenue line items, again described on a currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. As I already mentioned, net revenue increased by 18%, including approximately a 3 ppt benefit from acquisitions, and was driven by strong transaction and volume growth, as well as growth in services. Rebates and incentives grew 23%, reflecting higher volumes and incentives for new and renewed deals. Let me quickly go through the individual revenue line items. As we've commented on throughout the year, the difference between fees charged and volumes in the domestic assessments and cross-border categories were mainly due to pricing, which was essentially offset in Rebates and incentives, as well as some mix. This continues to be the case this quarter. The Domestic assessments grew 19%, while worldwide GDV grew 13%. Cross-Border volume fees grew 19%, while cross-border volume was up 17%. Transaction processing fees grew 22%, primarily driven by the 17% growth in switched transactions, as well as revenues from our various service offerings. And finally, other revenues grew 15%. As a reminder, most of the Vocalink revenues show up in this line. Advisors and safety and security revenues were also up. These items more than offset the 4 ppt impact from the changes we made to our loyalty business in Asia that I've called out previously.  Moving on to Page 8, here you can see that total operating expenses increased 15%, excluding special items, on a currency-neutral basis, and that was higher than our expectations due to foreign exchange hedging losses. Similar to last quarter, this includes an 8 ppt impact from acquisitions, primarily from Vocalink, including the impact of purchase accounting and integration-related costs. The remainder was due to our continued investments in geographic expansion in digital capabilities. I’m going to move on to Slide 9 and here we are going to discuss what we have seen so far on the drivers for January and the numbers are through the 28 of January. Starting with switched volume, global growth is at 14%, up 2 ppt from what we saw in the fourth quarter with healthy growth in all regions. In the U.S., our switched volume grew 10%, up 2 ppt with higher growth in both credit and debit programs. In switched volume outside the U.S. grew 18%, up 2 ppt driven by higher growth in Europe to slower growth in APMEA as we lacked difficult year ago comps related to the demonetization effort in India. Globally, switched transaction growth was 16%, down 1 ppt from what we saw in the fourth quarter. This decrease is the result of the exclusion of Venezuelan transactions as we will no longer be recognizing the related revenue in 2018. Ex-Venezuela, our growth was similar to the fourth quarter. With respect to cross-border quarter volumes, our volumes grew 22% up 5 ppt with double-digit growth in all regions. So, let me explain this a little bit more. About 3 ppt of this was driven by higher growth in Europe resulting from both increased intra and inter Europe travel, as well as holidays extending further into January this year in certain markets. APMEA also contributed about 1 ppt to this growth. The remaining 1 ppt was driven by card holders funding accounts at crypto currency exchanges, which was then used to purchase these digital currencies. You should note that these accounts can be funded from a number of sources such as Bank Accounts, wire transfers, et cetera. With the recent interest in and the price volatility of crypto currencies, we have seen an increase in this activity. Just to be clear, we do not switch or settled crypto currency transactions over our network. Our plans do not assume this type of activity will continue as we have no line of sight as to how card holders will view crypto currencies in the future, and given that we’ve already seen some declines in our recent weekly trends. So, now I’m going to turn to our thoughts about 2018 on Slide 10. And let me start by talking about the numbers on the same basis, as we always have. That is before the impact of the new revenue recognition was on a currency mutual basis and excluding acquisitions and special items. On this basis, our business fundamentals remain strong, and we continue to grow through the combination of new and renewed agreements in our expanded set of service offerings. We expect the global economic environment to be similar to what we saw last year with a few areas to monitor as Ajay mentioned. With this backdrop, we expect to deliver strong organic growth again this year with net revenue growing towards the high end of the low double-digit range. This is in-line with our recent trajectory though we will be absorbing a slight headwind as a result of the deconsolidation of our Venezuelan entity. On the expense front, we continue to invest in key long-term growth areas such as digital, security solutions, and geographic expansion in addition to the incremental employee and technology investments Ajay just highlighted. Overall, we expect operating expenses will grow at a mid-single digit rate year-over-year, reflecting our ongoing cost management efforts. So, as you can see, we are well-positioned to deliver strong operating performance again in 2018, slightly ahead of where we had previously expected. Turning to Slide 11, now let me add to those growth numbers. The impact of acquisitions, the new revenue recognition rules, and the investment in the center for inclusive growth that Ajay talked about. All of these items are very important when you try to model our results for 2018. So, please bear with me, as we are going through this. So, let me walk down the chart. First, with respect to acquisitions, we estimate that having the acquisitions for full-year in 2018 rather than just a partial year in 2017 will contribute about 0.5 ppt to the revenue growth and approximately 2 ppt to OpEx growth for the year. Second, the new revenue recognition rules would contribute approximately 2.5 ppt or $300 million to revenue growth and 4 ppt or $200 million to expense growth based on our current estimates. These amounts are driven by two factors. First, we have recently determined that certain market development programs will now flow through the P&L on a gross basis. Resulting in a about a $200 million in increased revenues and offsetting expenses. The remaining $100 million relates to a change in the timing of when particular deal incentives are recognized. These amounts, which are also detailed in the appendix are estimated based on our current and assumed commitments and are thus subject to change. We will be disclosing the impact of the new revenue recognition rules on a quarterly basis towards 2018, so you will be able to follow the effects each quarter. Just as a reminder, the new rules have no impact on the underlying economics of the business. And finally, we will be expanding our center for inclusive growth. The initial contribution will be $100 million to a new not-for-profit entity to enable a variety of workforce training financial inclusion and digital infrastructure initiatives, which will add another 2 ppt to operating expense growth for the year. We expect to take this charge in the first quarter. So overall, with these adjustments, we estimate 2018 year-over-year growth net revenue will grow at the mid-teens rate and operating expenses will growth low-double digits both on a currency neutral basis and excluding special items. I have a few other items for you to consider for 2018. We expect operating expense growth in the first quarter to be $250 million higher than what our annual growth rate of low double-digit would imply, due to the timing of the market development programs, which I just referred to as part of the new revenue recognition rules, the impact of the acquisitions, which occurred after Q1 last year and the charge for the center for inclusive growth. When modelling as reported numbers, foreign exchange is expected to be a 1 ppt to 2 ppt benefit to the top line, and about a 2 ppt benefit to net income for the year based on our planned exchange rates. And finally, we expect a tax rate of approximately 20% in 2018, primarily due to the impact of the tax reform here in the U.S. So, turning to Slide 12, I would like to move to our long-term performance objectives for the 2016 to 2018 period. As a reminder, these objectives are on a currency neutral basis that do exclude acquisitions and special items and are normalized for tax, they do however incorporate the impact of the U.S. tax reform in 2018. For revenue, given our expectations for 2018 that I just discussed, including the new revenue recognition rules, we now believe that net revenue will grow in the low teens on a three-year CAGR basis. We remain committed to a minimum annual operating margin of at least 50% and we now expect EPS CAGR over that three-year period to be in the mid-20s, up from the approximately 20% we last commented on. This reflects our continued strong business performance and expense management initiatives, as well as a 4 ppt benefit from lower taxes in 2018. The new revenue recognition rules to be implemented in 2018 are expected to have a minimum impact on the three-year EPS CAGR. With that, let me turn the call back to Warren to begin the Q&A session.
Warren Kneeshaw: Thanks Martina. Kim, we’re now ready to start the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
James Schneider: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could maybe start out on the healthy trends you’ve seen across the globe, particularly in international debit, which I think accelerated as you mentioned quite a bit, there is particular pickup in Europe, can you maybe talk about how much of that is market share, how much of that is improving economy? And maybe you can kind of talk about the impact going forward on your yields given it seems like there was a substantial decrease again in the number of Maestro cards as you convert those to standard debit?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, James, good morning. And let me just take you through a minute. In Europe, where we are seeing really good drivers in Italy and Germany and France, number of these kind of countries and those are good economic environments, I called out that the holidays in January that’s the little longer in some of these countries. In terms of where we added the market share, what’s really in the Nordics, so we actually have flipped the deal in Sweden. That is coming in over this year, and that will actually benefit these kind of numbers. From a Maestro point-of-view, yes you are absolutely right, we have been talking about that in a number of countries we’re actually flipping our Maestro portfolios into debit Mastercard both portfolios. We are very well on our way in many of those countries, and what we are actually seeing is, when we do these kind of flips that are on the new debit Mastercards we see about 2x to volume that we use to see you on the Maestro cards. So, we're not just seeing cross-border volume, but we are also seeing local volume. That will continue to benefit and it will improve our yield over time. You have actually been seeing that our yield has been improving over the last many years, both on the core business where you’re seeing it predominantly because of the additional processing that were coming in, by the way we are now processing about 54% of the transactions that are done on Mastercard versus - when you just look two years ago it was just shy of 50%. And secondly, of course, the healthy cross-border trends. When you look at our word total yields, you know that is where obviously our growing services offerings are really benefiting us and that’s why you’re seeing very healthy yields across the whole company.
James Schneider: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Don Fandetti from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Don Fandetti: Good morning. You know, the cross-border number, even if you sort of strip out crypto currency was notably better and I know the dollar has been generally weakening, do you expect as you think about guidance for 2018 and just look out, have a sort of stepped up into a structurally higher cross-border rate and then lastly can you talk about volume into the U.S. cross-border?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Don, I’m so glad you’re asking this question because of course when you see for the first four weeks in the year it’s 22% cross-border number, you’re asking exactly the right question in my opinion. What we always say is, four quarters do not make a year, in-fact the guidance that we are giving - four weeks don't make a year. So, four weeks don't make a year, but in particular, all of the guidance that we’re giving you for the top line of 2018 we are not planning on those kind of cross-border numbers, growth numbers. We are planning much more to what we have been seeing over the last couple of years. And even with the weaker dollar, I don't think that trend will change much. So, I don't think it’s prudent to be planning on this kind of number and I would like to point you back to the guidance that we had from a new revenue point-of-view.
Don Fandetti: And then the volume into the U.S.?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Volume into the U.S., we actually do is see, you now it is kind of mid-single digits, volume into the U.S., what we do see is a volume outside of the U.S. is picking up.
Don Fandetti: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Barclays. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: Thanks guys. Nice job. Just wanted to touch on, when you look at your guidance for 13% revenue growth or 15% including the accounting change, just, you know versus the 18% run rate, just to make sure we have the right variables that would cause the deceleration being I guess Venezuela M&A grew over lower pricing, anything else we’re missing there? I mean, just little pricing benefits? And then just quickly Martina, on the - when you look at the tax investments, I just wanted to squeeze in, what will be the steady state of investment beyond 2018, some of this just feels that it could be one-time or should we expect that to continue? Thanks guys.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Okay. And the first question, first of all you need to take into account the 0.5 ppt on the Venezuela. That’s the impact on revenue. And then in particular, you also need to take into account the acquisitions that you called out. We had 8 months of acquisitions built into 2017 numbers, and so you only get the lapping asset from the four months. So, when you actually look at the total results at 2017, we're basically saying that 2018 is just going to be slightly better in part because of course what we’re expecting in the United States, even though we have a very watchful in the number of work potential risk countries around the world, right.  Middle East, Africa, West Country, we are watching very carefully Brazil, we are watching very carefully Mexico, as well as the potential impact from a Brexit point-of-view. So overall, while the U.S. is a little better, we are actually believing that the economic environment in 2018 will be very similar to 2017. So, all of this is based Darrin, just slightly better than 2017 on the net revenue side. That’s where we are.
Darrin Peller: Okay. And on the tax savings?
Martina Hund-Mejean: On the tax impact, it's your second question, so what we’re doing, in terms of the center for inclusive growth, as Ajay said, we are planning over several years to put $0.5 billion into that center. The first chunk is going to go in Q1 with $100 million and then we are going to see how we are going to lay it out for the next several years. So, you are going to have do expect that you're going to continue to do some contributions in that. Not in 2018, but likely 2019, 2020 et cetera. The employee benefits, that is a permanent adjustment of course, you know that subjects the one-time thing. We really want to make sure that our employees are focused on making sure that they are well situated from pension benefit point-of-view. So, this is going to go in this year. Sometime this year, we haven't given a date yet and that’s going to continue. The other investments are also in our baseline, and I would suggest to you that both organically as well as inorganically we're going to continue to look at that and make more investments.
Darrin Peller: Okay, excellent.
Ajay Banga: Particularly in those serious that we have been talking about. From digital and technology, and data and fast ACH, the kind of things we talked about in September. Very focused on the strategy.
Darrin Peller: It makes sense. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore. Your line is open.
David Togut: Thank you, good morning. Europe continues to accelerate nicely and clearly a lot of that is due to some solid market share gains, but I’m wondering Ajay if you could comment on the merchant acceptance footprint in Europe for electronic payments, especially post interchange caps a couple of years ago? And then my follow-up is on PSD2, and any update you could give us on bringing Vocalink’s capability to the European continent in advance to PSD2?
Ajay Banga: The first part, the merchant acceptance, you know there is growth across the European region on merchant acceptance from large outlooks that earlier used to prefer to take either local payment systems only, or cash and goods. That changes all the way to small ones. What you do see really changing also is a reduction in suppression. So, even if the outlook says we accept, you know actual fact we have showed up for a small ticket charge or low value payment, they would encourage you to kind of lay of the idea of producing electronic payment. I think all that has changed quite dramatically. It’s helpful. It’s part of the secular change in the way cash is used in the European economy. I wouldn't declare victory on that right now because I think a year or two in Europe is a relatively small time in a set of complicated countries with lots of local dynamics vis-a-vis local schemes, local players, and the like. So, I would tell you, keep your eye on the space and keep working into the acquiring community, we are talking about a four, five-year translation in a continent like Europe. It’s good signs, it’s helpful, it’s a nice tailwind, and I am not running with it to the bank yet. That’s kind of the first part. Your second question was about, remind me what the second question was.
Martina Hund-Mejean: PSD2.
Ajay Banga: PSD2. You know, we’re coming up to the timeframe of when all this starts to go live in so many ways in different aspects of implementation in Europe. We have been working both internally, as well as with the help of our largest clients, as well as in conversations with regulators about the implications of PSD2, and the things we can do around PSD2 with these European merchants and European Banks and the new European entities that will get creative as part of the PSD2. The PSD's and the various acronyms that are being created in PSD2.  Your question was around Vocalink and PSD2. So, to get Vocalink on to the ground in different European countries beyond the software status. which is kind of what it is today in the Nordics and some other markets around the world will require us to actually participate in the RFP process of different ACH systems being opened up in Europe. We’re participating, you heard me in my opening comments, we are participating in those RFPs. These stake a year or two to get resolved and settled. After they get settled, it will take a while to get invested in and implemented, but we are very active in all of those and one of the reasons why I think you will see us using some of the tax reform money in a sensible way in our business is to keep on focusing on the opportunity with fast ACH, thanks to Vocalink’s capabilities in Europe, but also outside of Europe even in the United States and other markets. It’s not just an infrastructure, but it could be in the applications, it could be in the scheme rules and it could of course be in different aspects of the range of things we could do with fast ACH.
David Togut: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Andrew Jeffrey: Thanks for taking the question. Ajay, kind of a big picture or strategic question for you, especially in the way last night of pretty meaningful shift in the PayPal eBay relationship. One of the things that PayPal has asserted is its value prop to large marketplaces, especially next gen marketplaces, and I see Mastercard building a pretty comprehensive value proposition of its own and I just wonder how you think about the sort of so-called commodity nature of Visa Mastercard versus sort of the value-add of a provider like PayPal and whether or not the lines perhaps are beginning to blur a bit in terms of go to market value proposition?
Ajay Banga: So, I think in the whole E&M commerce space there is so much going on Andrew in that whole space. And I think, if you go back in time, when essentially Visa and Mastercard in those places and other brands like ours, the other card, which were called card network brands. We got into a position where we became part of a drop down on a merchant's checkout site. You drop-down you got one brand or the other and you entered a lot of details, and you entered a lot of addresses and that created its own friction and it’s on lakh of branding at the checkout point. Even though the consumer was aware of the brand because they were looking at the card and entering the data. I think that’s moving and PayPal is one way of that moment, but our own efforts with branded checkout points is moving.  And we will continue to do that. I think PayPal itself, its relationship with eBay, I mean look at the IPO time, something for Dan to answer, but I'm pretty certain that all of you thought about one day that relationship will come up for reassessment, and it’s come up for reassessment and eBay has chosen what it wants to do. I think Dan has done some interesting work of building out his partnerships in the meanwhile. So he has kind of consolidated his own position today with the second and third leg of the stool, and I think we are a key beneficiary of that because as you know, we’ve got a great partnership with PayPal, which includes all their co-branded cards and their corporate cards and all the understanding and how their wallet is used, including visibility of the brand and the non-steering towards ACH and the data flow and basically the passthrough angle compared to the staged angle. So, my general net takeoff on this is, this is still a wide-open field. It is going to years before you can figure out who is playing what game here. All I’m trying to do with our company and all us are doing is, we want to be very much a part of that game. If we’re going to keep investing in tokenization and secure checkout, we’re going to keep investing in an enhanced consumer experience in digital. You’ll find us doing all kinds of things with banks, with merchants in that space, we're going to keep investing and aligning the developer community to access our capabilities at digital and poor payments. So, the simplest form of APIs and SDKs so we can get imbedded in more and more locations. We’re going to keep investing in creating good R&D with our labs and making sure that they are capable of working with our clients with labs and the service you heard me talk about that with specific reference to Bank of America, but frankly it applies to many other clients as well. So, you're going to see the strategies in digital to make us not pay anywhere other than at the for front forefront of what is going on here with simple transparent standards, and standards that are important because they enable merchants and banks to connect one-time, not multiple times. So, you see us over this period of years to come that’s the focus. Simple experience, simple standards, focused on securities, secure every transaction, make sure we do good stuff that last, make sure we open APIs and SDKs are available and well used, and make sure that we focus on all forms of payment, not just guardrails, but ACH fast ACH, all those so that you enable banks and merchants to do the best thing for their customer. That’s our additional strategy. Not changed. PayPal, eBay other issues will come and go, we are doing what we need to do.
Andrew Jeffrey: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jason Kupferberg: Hi, thanks guys. Just two quick ones. First, on your rebate and incentive expectations for 2018, and then can you just give us the latest update on what you're thinking in terms of what may happen in Europe with European commission looking at some of the inter-European cross-border interchange fees, some of the potential funds, I know you’ve disclosed this in your 10-Qs, and anyway you could kind of frame up, what percent of your cross-border business is actually in-bound into Europe just so we have some sense of reference in case we get some headlines on this soon?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Okay. Jason, first of all on your first question, I am not going to give you any guidance on rebates and incentives at 2018 and it is because of the new revenue recognition rules coming in. There is so many moving parts between gross revenue and contra revenue that I just feel, you know given all of the work that we were able internally to do, I just feel that the net revenue numbers is just the best guidance that I can give you, but I do want to take the opportunity to deep dive into that just a little bit more. As you know, I will call it at $300 million benefit on the net revenue line, due to the new revenue recognition fule. $100 million of that is really in relation to customer business agreements and to incentives. And there are a number of facts that we had to be estimating in this. First of all, as you know we had amortization of incentives on previous deals that have been previously expensed. So, in prior years, we expensed those. And then we will be now expensed over the life of the deal. And that will be a negative, right. You estimate actually that roughly about $0.5 on incentives will need to be recognized as contra revenue under the new rules starting 2018 and we will, you know the average life of this recognition is approximately 7 years. So, it is not - so it is a headwind, it’s not really material in the context of our size. But then in addition to that we would have had some incentives in 2018 or later that will now have to be carried back to prior years to the original deal inception or carried forward. That will actually reduce the amount of incentives recognized in 2018. So, you can see these two things are toggling with each other. And then the last, the third thing is that obviously we will be having new deals coming in and that could impact this calculation too depending on the terms and conditions in these kind of deals. So, when you put all of this together, we do estimate the net benefit of that $100 million that I just referenced, but obviously that could change over time and then beyond 2019, we will continue to amortize the remainder of that 0.5 billion of that roughly 500 million that we have to recognize as contra revenues under the new rules. So, you can see this is a relatively complex area and that’s why we’re staying with net revenue guidance and we’re not going to split it up in growth and into contra. With respect to your second question, there is really not much more that we can say to you and quite frankly what our cross-border business, in-bound business in Europe has actually no relationship in terms of how the European Commission would be looking at finding us, if they find us, but they have at this point in time really no new News. So, I’m still going to point you back to the last Q that we filed, that is a pretty accurate statement in there, and I let something happen between now and when we filed the 10-K on what Feb 14 or 15. If you have an update, obviously the K will be updated by that time.
Ajay Banga: Martina is in accounting heaven for the last few weeks or months.
Jason Kupferberg: Yes, between rev rec and tax, I'm sure it's been a party.
Ajay Banga: Yes, and you also got Venezuela, but she has done an outstanding job often trying to put her arms around how to manage that through the next period of time. In Venezuela, we are still very much on the ground, doing all the right things. We got a great team. We are supporting a lot of our clients there. We are not pulling out of the business from the ground. That would be a very unfortunate thing to do, and I think it will spark all kinds of humanitarian issues given the role we play in that economy. In fact, we try to work with other players, including multilateral institutions try and find a way to make this a sensible outcome because there will be an outcome one day in Venezuela. So, this is not a, you know, you got to think-out long-term and you know what we're doing is all of these things whether it’s European cross-border of Venezuela or these rules. At the end of the day, we are trying to give you guys some thought on what we are thinking in terms of what the impact could be, but Martina has laid out a pretty good estimate of where we think our 2018 revenues and expenses in EPS and our combined 2016 to 2018 goals will go. And I said you, over 2016 to 2018 we’ve had a good run. We gave you an update in September when we raised our guidance. Now, what we're doing basically is making sure the accounting flows through. Yes, there is a small improvement in 2018, which she pointed out. Some of it gets eaten up by Venezuela. Some of it gets eaten up by the laughing of the acquisitions. That’s kind of where we are. We are running our business to win, share, and keep taking advantage of the secular trend in the business. That’s what we’re trying to do and not getting ourselves tied up between rebates and incentives and growth revenue and net revenue at a time when there are so many moving parts and asking someone to estimate accurately would be asking for the moon.
Jason Kupferberg: It all makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Hi, Brian.
Bryan Keane: Thanks. Just wanted to talk or ask about two things. One, just the strength in U.S. credit and debit, is that just some lapping of some of the headwinds, obviously USA, but the numbers are obviously picking up there may be strengthened.
Martina Hund-Mejean: It is.
Bryan Keane: Okay. There is nothing else that call out there?
Ajay Banga: No. Most of it is just that, and all the other things you read about as winning, they are all coming on board. So, you will see some benefit in Bank of America when it starts issuing. It will take time. You will see some benefit from the co-brand, the Cabela's co-brand. But these things will take time. Meanwhile, there is the natural spending pattern that shows up and there. As I said, fourth quarter growth was actually lower year-over-year than third quarter, just to be clear.
Bryan Keane: Yes, it doesn't seem there is no flips go on in the other way, like that created a headwind like USA.
Ajay Banga: Don't go there. You're giving me nightmares, don't go there.
Bryan Keane: Yes. And then my follow-up is just on tax reform. I just was trying to quantify total tax reform investments, I got the 100 million for the inclusive growth and then just thinking about employee retirement and then some of the accelerated investments that you talked about Ajay, just in all - it seems like maybe we’re getting to 20% to 25%, I am just trying to get to a number of what we are reinvesting total of the tax benefit? Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So, just to let you know, the total cash tax benefit as a result of the tax reform on an annual basis is in the ZIP Code or $450 million, right. And we’re doing then two things. One, we’re taking the $100 million in order to invest into the center for inclusive growth, and the other part that Ajay was mentioning in terms of the employee benefits, as well as the additional investments we’re doing, we have that embedded in the base line of the operating expenses. Okay, and that’s all embedded in the low double digits guidance that I have been giving to you for 2018. Based on the new revenue recognition rules.
Ajay Banga : I don't want to run a business in which I’m paying employees for their retirement long-term because this is not a one-year $1,000 contribution kind of thing. This is, we are adding to our already good 401(k) and defined contribution plans around the world. And second, we were investing in data in digital and fast ACH. We don't want to run a business if that stuff is kept as a separate item. So, Martina has got those embedded in the way we look at the future of our business.  The only thing that’s not embedded in that is these lumpy contributions that will go into the center for inclusive growth because honestly $100 million is going into that center being directed for workforce training and financial intrusion in the U.S. and elsewhere that kind of lumpy contributions is the one that we’ve not got embedded in our guidance to you. We’re telling you about it, but it’s embedded in the total, but not in the net that we’re looking at. Right Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Well, it’s in the low double-digit operating expense guidance. We put 2 ppt for that particular contribution.
Ajay Banga: In the total?
Martina Hund-Mejean: In the total.
Ajay Banga: But not in the organic growth?
Martina Hund-Mejean: No.
Bryan Keane: Okay, great, thanks. Very helpful. I got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Craig Maurer with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Craig Maurer: I wanted to ask you on Brazil, considering recent IPO drawing attention there plus you are seeing the recovery finally seeming to be on firmer ground, you’ve gained fairly enormous market share against visa there over the last few years and I believe last summer you are now the biggest new issuance brand in Brazil. I was wondering if you expect to see, a, these will be able to rebound against you there; and b, how you look at that market going forward, considering the big gains you got recently?
Ajay Banga: First of all, I will always expect my competitors to make every effort possible there. They go to a strong company. They got good people in the ground, they are going to make efforts to win back share, and that’s the reality and it’s - I believe that we survived by being competitively paranoid about all of our competitors. That to me is just a, I take it as a, given that they will attempt. There’s a lot of competition in the ground. It’s not just Visa. It's Cielo. It's the local methods of doing a lot of work. There is a lot of competition on the ground locally. There’s also a lot of regulatory changes that is going on in Brazil, including with the Bankers Association attempting to look at the idea of the way instalments are paid and the whole instalment method is managed, including the settlement time. There’s a ton of things going on in a market in which we are today a very large market share player there. The political environment in Brazil, yes, this year 2017 showed an improvement, but you got to remember you are comparing 2017 to 2016, which was not a predictably let us delightful year in Brazil.  It was a hard year, and they got some political stability, 2017 turned out to be better, good economic policies were getting put in place. Remember that 2018 has an election, and that election has currently identified two players to come there not of whom within the current government and so it’s a little unclear to me what instability that could cause in economic environment. That’s why Martina pointed out, and I pointed out that there are pockets of instability across the world that we’re careful of. Brazil is one of those. For this reason of the political circumstance, and the longevity of that economic reforms. I have been around a lot time long time working with Latin America and I have learnt that you cannot take for granted what happens for a couple of years because it does find its way through changes on where politics goes. So that’s where we are. I am relatively constructive about Brazil. We are investing on the ground, the number of people we have in our office has increased, our capabilities in the ground have increased, our technological investments in the ground have increased, and we're going to keep seeing growth there is what I’m hopeful for, but 2018 is a year to watch out for.
Warren Kneeshaw: I think, we have time for just one last question.
Operator: Thank you. Your last question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Alright, thanks for including me here. I won’t to accounting question. Just want to ask a bit about the deal activity may be because based on Craig and Brian's questions, how would you characterize guys the pipeline for new deals and renewals this year in 2018 versus 2017. It seems like you have had a good backlog going. So, I’m curious what the pipeline might look like for this year, especially in things like B2B, if you can comment on that?
Martina Hund-Mejean: So, Tien-Tsin obviously with the numbers in Q4 that you saw in the rebates and incentives and we had given you a little bit of a heads-up in our November call that that number might be coming in a little bit higher than what we have forecasted before. That should show you that we have actually terrific deal activity in Q4 and those deals will be rolling in over the next 6 months to 18 months that depends, which deal you’re looking at. I quite frankly with everything that I’m seeing from the pipeline from our world regions around the world, I think that we’re going to have a similarly robust deal activity in 2018. I don't think there’s any letting up. I think there is a lot of players in the market that are looking to do things with us a network and it would be similarly robust.
Ajay Banga: And on B2B Tien-Tsin, you know the global travel deals that we did over the last couple of years they are actually helping us in our cross-border. As an example, back to somebody's question I forget on cross-border. But, there is all this work we’re trying to do with the B2B have. We’ve announced that one partner had signed up, there is a bunch of partners in the pipeline. Hopefully, a few of them will come into locking on. There’s all the work we're trying to do with fast ACH and Send in different parts of the world. So, B2B is pretty active far as right now. We consider ourselves to have good access from the place. So, we are working our pipeline hard.
Tien-Tsin Huang: Alright.
Ajay Banga: I’m sorry, we're going to cut you off, Tien-Tsin. We can chat another time. But thank you all for your questions and I would like to wrap-up with some closing thoughts. We’re pleased with 2017 financial results. We think it’s all driven by strong operating performance and execution of our strategy. Overall economic trends are positive, and as we said a couple of times in this call, we’re going to monitor some risks and uncertainties that Martina and I have spoken to. But overall, we expect 2018 growth to be similar to 2017. Meanwhile, we expect tax reform will benefit the U.S. economy and I have a positive impact on our company. We see this as an opportune time to further invest in our employees and communities and continue to strengthen our business and strategic investments in those key growth areas, while continuing to return excess capital back to our shareholders. And so, thank you for your continued support of all of us and our company, and thank you very much for joining us on the call today.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc. Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc. Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.
Analysts: Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc. Donald Fandetti - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. David M. Togut - Evercore ISI Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Lisa Ellis - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC Craig J. Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP
Operator: Good morning. My name is Casey, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mastercard third quarter 2017 earnings call. Thank you. Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Thank you, Casey. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2017 earnings call. With me today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open to accept registrations. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data, and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a currency-neutral basis and exclude special items and the impact of acquisitions unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their GAAP equivalents. As a reminder, we've added a table in the release which provides additional information about the impact of Article 8 of the EU's payments regulation on our GDV and purchase volume growth rates. Our comments on the call will be on the basis of rates adjusted for these impacts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I would like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our release and in our SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Ajay Banga. Ajay?
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Thank you, Warren, and good morning, everybody. So we're continuing to execute against our objectives and pleased with our record financial performance this quarter, delivering a net revenue growth of 17% and an EPS growth of 23%. Our view of the global economy remains generally positive, largely unchanged from last quarter. In the U.S., we continue to see steady economic growth, low unemployment and inflation. Consumer sentiment is favorable. We believe that although the recent hurricanes and weather impacts have had significant localized impacts, I think they're demonstrating a limited effect on the U.S. economy overall. According SpendingPulse estimates, U.S. retail sales increased during this last quarter by 4.2%, ex auto, ex gas, a little bit better than the quarter prior to that. Economic growth in Europe is steady, driven by Germany and France, with an upward trend in consumer confidence and lower overall unemployment. In the UK, the outlook is a little more mixed with unemployment rates the lowest in years, but with concerns over the potential impacts of Brexit dampening consumer and business confidence. Latin America, meanwhile, continues to show signs of improvement, with better economic activity in Brazil, stability in Mexico, and that is despite the short-term disruptions from the earthquakes in Mexico. In Asia, consumer confidence was broadly positive. Most ASEAN economies remain steady. And with that backdrop, we're continuing to focus and execute on our strategy. We're seeing double-digit volume and transaction growth across most of our markets. So I'm going to keep our business highlights brief today – we just spent time updating you at Investor Day – but we've got a couple of things to talk about. So firstly, we continue to be pleased with the progress on our acquisitions, including our most recent ones, NuData Security and Brighterion, which enhance our capabilities in behavioral biometrics and artificial intelligence. Integration activities are well underway. We're also off to a good start at Vocalink. Our fast ACH technology will be launched in the U.S. soon with The Clearing House, and we've just gone live yesterday, in fact, in the UK with a new image-based clearing system for the check and credit clearing company, which basically helps to speed up the traditional approach by digitizing that process. And of course, as we've said in the prior earnings call and at Investor Day, we are active with Faster Payments business development efforts now in each of our regions. Turning to partnerships. We have established a truly global partnership with PayPal, having expanded our U.S. and Asia Pacific strategic partnership to Europe, Canada, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa. What this means is that we now have similar commitments across every region to enhance customer choice, including making Mastercard a clear and equal payment option within the PayPal wallet. It includes implementing Masterpass through Braintree to expand our digital acceptance footprint and enabling consumers to cash out PayPal balances through Mastercard Send. And this global partnership is above and beyond the extensive programs that we have developed with PayPal over the last several years. We are their partner for all of their credit and debit co-brands globally and have additional commercial and prepaid solutions in markets with them like the UK and Italy. In the U.S., we continue to see some good momentum. In addition to the Bank of America consumer credit deal that Craig announced at Investor Day, we have locked in some additional business in the consumer credit, debit, and prepaid side. And one example is a new prepaid program with ADP, which is the largest payroll provider in the U.S. In commercial, building on our previous discussions of the Mastercard B2B hub, we're just actually very pleased to announce our first customer, Fifth Third Bank, who will offer this platform to small and medium-sized businesses that want to simplify their accounts payable processes. Beyond the U.S., we continue to extend relationships and win new business around the world, starting with Europe. We're continuing to make progress on deal flips and new business wins, such as with Santander in Poland and Banque Travelex in France, just to give you a couple of examples. In Asia, we're very pleased to announce that Mastercard will be Costco's exclusive co-brand partner in Japan starting early next year. And while in Asia, we've also entered into a comprehensive agreement with Uber that goes beyond acceptance to include activation and usage campaigns, as well as Masterpass integration in selected markets with them. And in the Middle East, one of the largest banks in Saudi Arabia, National Commercial Bank, has signed a long-term exclusive consumer debit and prepaid deal for new and renewed issuance that's committed to enhance those portfolios with Mastercard Advisors and loyalty services. And further, this is the customer to be the first issuer of Masterpass for its cardholders in Saudi Arabia. Now shifting to some work we're doing on the product side. It's no secret right now that protection of consumer data is a hot topic. Safety and security is a key priority. We have a multilayered strategy that helps our customers better manage their own security while also protecting the overall ecosystem. In the past, we've talked about and shown you Safety Net, which identifies large-scale fraud attacks and blocks transactions in real time, trying therefore to save our customers from significant losses. And this quarter, we added to our tool set with what we call the Early Detection System, which alerts issuers to accounts that are at risk of future fraudulent activities, even before they have been used in an unauthorized transaction. Like Safety Net and all our fraud products and services, this predictive tool leverages the power of the Mastercard network to supplement issuers' own fraud defenses. Early Detection System also combines external data and insights to generate confidence levels to help our customers determine the appropriate action to take – could it be monitoring transactions more closely or shutting down a particularly affected card immediately based on how likely it is that an account will be used for fraud in the future and how quickly that may happen. We've also been working to enhance the security of digital transactions through the tokenization of cards stored on a merchant's website or in their app. When consumers keep their cards on file, as some of you probably do, checkout is faster, more convenient. Merchants can easily process recurring payments. Now, when you tokenize the credentials that are kept on file, it becomes useless if a fraudster steals them and attempts to use them somewhere else. And Netflix is our first customer going live with this capability. It's also our first customer using our APIs to connect directly to what we call our Automatic Billing Updater to be able to keep payment credentials up to date in real time when an expired, lost, or stolen card is replaced. These types of account continuity tools bring significant value to merchant businesses and have helped our customers reduce declined transactions in some cases by more than 25%. Now moving on to Mastercard Send. As you know, we've got some unique capabilities in this push payment solution. It reaches pretty much all debit cards in the U.S., reaches many other endpoints, cash-out locations, mobile wallets, bank accounts in over 100 markets worldwide. This quarter, we're continuing to help our partners deliver money faster to their consumers. And let me give you a couple of examples. American Red Cross, where we've enabled real-time disbursements to consumers' personal debit cards for emergency response relief like in Texas and in Florida. But another example is Western Union, whose U.S. customers will now have the option to receive funds from other family members and relatives in the U.S. directly to the debit cards that they use every day. We're continuing to invest in Masterpass, both in terms of expanded acceptance and promoting consumer awareness. We've signed a number of new merchants, including Verizon Wireless, Home Shopping Network in the U.S., TGI Friday's, Avon, and Carrefour, which is enabling in-app purchases in Europe. And we're now live as the exclusive digital wallet with Pizza Hut in four markets in Asia. We also launched Masterpass in Mexico this past quarter. And while on the innovation front, Garry Lyons spent some time at Investor Day talking about some of the exciting things we're doing as we expand our acceptance reach through the Internet of Things. We're partnering with companies like Fitbit and Garmin and leveraging our tokenization MDES platform to enable consumers to pay by simply tapping their smartwatches in approximately now 7 million contactless merchant locations globally. From wearables to connected spaces, we're actually piloting a fully digital experience at WeWork. And WeWork, as you know, is the shared workspace community. You can use metered payments there for members to pay for the amount of time they're sitting at their desk and to purchase food with Masterpass, all without taking out a card or even a digital wallet. Masterpass is also powering payments through virtual reality with a shopping app recently launched with Swarovski, as well as an augmented reality shopping experience with Saks Fifth Avenue that uses Identity Check Mobile with iris authentication to make purchases. So all in all, fun and games on the innovation front. With that, let me turn it over to Martina for an update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning everyone. So while Ajay is always covering the cool things, I'm going to review with you the numbers now. So as you can see, the highlights on page 3, we have delivered another record quarter. Foreign exchange had a benefit to as-reported results, primarily due to the strength of the euro. For the remainder of my remarks, I will call out the growth numbers on a currency-neutral basis. Net revenue grew 17% driven by strong underlying performance, and includes approximately a 2.5 ppt benefit from acquisitions. This was in line with our previous expectations. Operating expenses increased by 19%, and that includes an 8 ppt impact due to acquisitions, and that's primarily Vocalink. Operating income was up 14%, while net income was up by a healthy 19%, benefiting from a lower tax rate. EPS was $1.34 per share, up 23% year over year, driven primarily by our strong operating performance, with share repurchases contributing $0.04 per share. And during the quarter, we repurchased $838 million worth of stock and an additional $286 million through October 26. Now let me turn to page 4, where you can see the operating metrics for the third quarter. The worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV, growth was 10% on a local currency basis, and that's up 1 ppt from last quarter. The U.S. GDV grew 6%, up 3 ppt from last quarter, and was made up of credit and debit growth of 9% and 4%, respectively. And outside of the U.S., volume growth was 12%, up 1 ppt from last quarter. We continue to see strength in the Europe and LAC regions. First (sic) [Third] quarter volume grew at a healthy 15% on a local currency basis, with solid double-digit growth across all regions. Europe continued its strong performance, particularly from the UK and Germany. And in LAC, we saw a steady growth in Brazil, while Asia Pacific was led by South Korea and China. And finally, we saw the U.S. return to double-digit growth. Turning to page 5. Here you can see switched transactions continued to show strong growth at 17% globally. And similar to last quarter, we saw double-digit growth in all regions outside of the U.S., led by Brazil, Russia, and India. And globally there are 2.4 billion Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards issued. So now let's turn to page 6 for highlights on a few of the revenue line items, again, described on a currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. As I already mentioned, net revenue grew 17%, which includes approximately a 2.5 ppt benefit from acquisitions, and was driven by robust transaction and volume growth, as well as strength in services. Rebates and incentives grew 19%, reflecting higher volumes and incentives for new and renewed deals. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items. As we have commented during the first half of the year, the difference between fees charged and volumes in the domestic assessment and cross-border categories were mainly due to pricing, which was essentially offset in rebates and incentives, as well as some mix. This continues to be the case. However, the effect is less pronounced in the cross-border line this quarter. So domestic assessments grew 14%, while worldwide GDV grew 10%. Cross-border volume fees grew 15%, the same as cross-border volume growth. And transaction processing fees grew 21%, primarily driven by the 17% growth in switched transactions, as well as revenues from our various service offerings. Finally, other revenues grew 19%. As a reminder, most of the Vocalink revenue shows up in this line. Advisors and Safety & Security revenues were also up. These items more than offset the 4 ppt impact from the changes we made to our loyalty business in Asia that I've called out previously. Moving to page 7. You can see that total operating expenses increased 19% on a currency-neutral basis. This includes an 8 ppt impact from acquisitions, primarily from Vocalink and including of course the related impact of purchase accounting and integration-related costs. The remainder was due to our continued investments in digital, geographic expansion, and Advisors capabilities as well as increased A&M spend related to the Masterpass awareness campaign that we've been discussing since the beginning of the year. I'm going to turn now to slide 8. And let's first discuss what we have seen in October through the 28th of October, where all of our drivers are similar or better, with the exception of cross-border, which was slightly down. Each of these drivers was generally in line with our expectations. So the numbers through October 28 are as follows: Starting with switched volume, we saw global growth of 13%, up 2 ppt from what we saw in the third quarter, with healthy double-digit growth in all regions outside of the U.S. In the U.S., our switched volume grew 9%, up 4 ppt from the third quarter, with higher growth in both credit and debit programs. Switched volume outside the U.S. grew 17%, the same as the third quarter. And globally switched transaction growth was 19%, up 2 ppt from what we saw in the third quarter, with similar or higher growth in every region, including the U.S. And finally, with respect to cross-border, our volumes grew 14% globally, down 1 ppt sequentially, with slower growth in Europe. Now looking to the full year of 2017. Our underlying business fundamentals remain strong as we grow our business through a combination of new and renewed agreements, as well as our expanded set of service offerings. We continue to expect year-over-year revenue growth to be at the high end of the low double-digits range on a currency-neutral basis and excluding acquisitions, as we commented on at the recent Investor Day. As a reminder, the fourth quarter tends to be a period of increased deal activity, and we expect higher rebates and incentives sequentially. Foreign exchange is expected to be a slight benefit to the top and bottom lines for the full year. A few other items of note. On expenses, primarily as a result of increased Masterpass spend, we now expect operating expense growth to be at the top of the high single-digit range for the year on a currency-neutral basis, excluding acquisitions and special items. We continue to forecast recent acquisitions, notably Vocalink, will be about $0.05 to $0.06 dilutive in 2017, driven primarily by purchase accounting and integration-related costs. You should now assume a tax rate closer to 27% for the year, based on our current expectations of regional mix and discrete tax benefits realized year to date, with a tax rate of approximately 28% in Q4. As is our normal practice, we will defer any comments about our 2018 outlook until our year-end call in the New Year. With that, let me turn the call back to Warren to begin the Q&A session. Warren?
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Thank you, Martina. We're now ready to begin the question-and-answer session. In order to get to as many people as possible on the call, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and then queue back for additional questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Cantwell from Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just had a high-level question. There was a lot of talk about blockchain at Money 2020. And of course you guys just had an announcement about opening up your blockchain API for banks and merchants. I was just hoping – can you talk to us at a very high level about how Mastercard's blockchain is going to be combined with banks and businesses? Just want to understand the use cases, the value your blockchain brings to the table. I guess, most importantly, just want to understand how you're thinking about blockchain right now, why it's important to Mastercard? Thanks very much.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: So I think blockchain has a whole ton of potential use cases, and I think the real question that you're asking is how will that connect to our traditional customers. So what I'm trying to give you a sense of is we've been investing in our own platform in blockchain, not just to create our own blockchain, but to really learn how blockchains work. So whether we, in the future, operate only off our own platform or we operate as a facilitator for other people's blockchains, the objective is to be confident and knowledgeable on how they operate. So we've filed a number of patents in the space in our own blockchain and our own platform. We have developed APIs, and we've also done things like making investments in organizations like the Digital Currency Group, which enable us to look at the way other people are innovating using their blockchains. So what you saw at Money 2020 was that blockchain platform and APIs, and there was a hackathon there, and 60 teams of developers tested on them successfully. But the idea is that we will open this up to financial institutional merchants so they can connect into our settlement network. But remember, this is early days. Don't expect this to be a switch that gets turned on tomorrow. It has to be built country by country, connecting into settlement networks and the like. The initial focus is on the B2B space, because we continue to believe that the challenges of speed, of transparency and costs, both in domestic and cross-border payments in B2B, are more interesting than trying to find technology looking for a problem to solve in consumer payments that consumers do not perceive. So to us there's a bigger opportunity in B2B. We're working on three or four ways of making the blockchain solution that we are trying to put out there different from others, and the first one is on privacy. So that we're trying to make sure that transaction details are shared only among the participants of a transaction, while you've got your (24:37) or you've got a permissioned blockchain. The second one is flexibility. So you can use these APIs, combine them with other APIs on Mastercard, and maybe create a range of new apps. Third is scalability. Obviously, if we can connect it into our whole system and to use our leg network rules, then scalability becomes possible, and therefore reach. Because through our system, over time, you could reach into everywhere we operate with our settlement network. That's what we're up to. Now, it's not currently by itself. We've got a bunch of things going on here: virtual cards, Mastercard Send, Vocalink, all of which are aimed at supporting cross-border and domestic B2B payment flows. And so that's what we're up to with the blockchain.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Next question, please.
Jeff Cantwell - Guggenheim Securities LLC: I appreciate that. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller. Please state your company. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, thanks, guys. You know, purchase volume, I mean, even adjusted for Article 8, accelerated a couple of hundred basis points versus last quarter and came in pretty well versus our numbers. Can you just talk about really more what's driving, in your view, the outperformance in these trends, maybe compare underlying macro to secular shifts around digital, some comment on what e-comm growth was, and then maybe what was market share? Just break it down a little more for us; that'd be great.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Yeah, So, Darrin, it's Martina. Let me take that first. In terms of some of the drivers, when you look at the U.S. drivers, while obviously can see them as behaving a little bit better, they are spending a little bit more, most of the quarter-over-quarter performance is really due to the lapping of USAA. When you look at the rest of the world, the rest of the world is actually really doing well. In Asia Pacific, if I just go around the world, in Asia Pacific, China, at this point in time, is not a drag. In fact, when you look at our cross-border volume, China is actually a really nice additive growth component. In Russia, we actually had the expansion of a number of agreements, and therefore we've been doing very well on Russia. In Sweden, so also in Europe, we have had a flip, so that is also very nice additive to the numbers. And then the Latin America is continuing to perform as well as it did actually in the prior quarter – it's right in the mid-teens – but that is mostly led by Brazil, as Ajay has already said. Mexico kind of stabilized with the kind of numbers that we are seeing.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Can you give any more sense in terms of is this market share versus underlying trends in spend in macro or digital or anything else?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: That's what I just called out. In the United States, it's between what the economy's doing and the lap of USAA. Outside of the United States, I just called out for you a number of areas where we are actually gaining market share. When you just look at our European region, for instance, they're in the high teens, growing in the high teens, at this point in time.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. That's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Fandetti from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Donald Fandetti - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. So, Ajay, clearly fundamentals are good here in the quarter. So I just wanted to check in on the regulatory environment, in particular in the U.S. It seems like it's pretty quiet and manageable right now. Would you agree with that? And are there any emerging hotspots globally that we should be paying attention to?
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: On the regulatory environment, honestly, I – whenever he talks to me about what I think about, I think about cybersecurity and regulatory. That's the two things that anybody in this industry – and I mean not just payments, but broader industries – we should be careful about. Because there's an environment where, with more and more connected devices, cybersecurity becomes important, and there's an environment in politics around the world where regulatory becomes really important. I would tell you that, yes, in the U.S. right now, if anything, including in today's newspaper you can see about the administration working really hard to roll back some of the regulatory changes in many industries that were put in place over the previous eight to 10 years. That is correct. But on the other hand, in every other region around the world, we keep a very close eye on this. As I said on one of my previous calls, our country managers are now – in their goals is a very clear objective to remain very close to anything that could impact the franchise locally, whether it be policymakers, opinion leaders, regulatory changes, or litigation, not just clients, but all those things. And so we're on them at all points of time. What's going on is there are a number regions in the world where earlier domestic payment schemes were very active. Some of those regions, those domestic payment schemes for reasons of being unable to keep pace with technological developments, mostly – that is the reason – they end up tending to open up compared to where they used to be. So Europe is an example of that, and there are other examples in Brazil and Colombia and markets in Latin America where that's happening. On the other hand, in markets and parts of Asia and Southeast Asia, you find a renewed surge of thinking around domestic payment schemes. And so whether it be in Indonesia or in China or in India, we're constantly working with those countries, trying to figure out how our technology and our services and our artificial intelligence capabilities can help them deliver value-added services over and beyond what they could try and do if they were trying to do this themselves. And that's how we partner with them. That's the story in Russia as well. So it's a big story.
Donald Fandetti - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Good morning. Martina, just thinking about pricing, I know you talked a little bit about it, how it's changed slightly. Just want make sure I understand what the impact was there. And secondly, just on FX, as we do our models, just an update on impacts, movement in the euro and the real and any other major currencies. Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: On the pricing side, really no change, as I called it out in my prepared remarks. As you know, for pretty much the beginning of the year, we have been reshuffling pricing, where you see some of it coming up in domestic assessment as well as in cross-border, which you continue to see for this quarter. But it was essentially offset in the rebates and incentives line. So really no change in that. And we're going to have one more quarter, the fourth quarter, of this. From a foreign exchange point of view, really what you're going to have to look at for the total year, full year, I think there's continue to be just a slight benefit to the top line as well as to the bottom line. So when you extrapolate rates of today, of course you're going to see a little bit more of a benefit for the Q4 numbers if those rates continue to persist.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Happy Halloween.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Happy Halloween to you, too.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Yeah, exactly.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: And to your kids especially.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, exactly. It's a big day today in the Keane household.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: We know.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Schneider. Caller, please state your company. Your line is open.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Goldman Sachs. Good morning, thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you'd maybe kind of step back a little bit and talk about now that you have had Vocalink for a little while, and there's been a lot of discussion you provided and detail at your Investor Day, when do you think the B2B payments opportunity specifically will begin to be notable in the results? Is this something we can expect in terms of noticeable impact in the next two to three years, or this is more of a kind of a five-year time horizon? Maybe just kind of give us a sense about how that's different between the consumer-facing parts of the ACH business versus B2B.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: So B2B as a whole, you're seeing results already because we're approaching that channel, not just through Vocalink, but through all the other things we're doing, from the B2B hub we talked about or virtual cards. Now, back to our Investor Day, virtual cards address only the cardable portion of that spend. It's a smaller portion, but it's a pretty large portion from where we started. So you're seeing results in commercial based on that. You're seeing results from our corporate T&E business, our fleet business. Those are all already in the system, and there's continuing momentum on those. But what you're asking is with ACH specifically, are we going to make new inroads in that space in the other non-cardable portion within the next two to three years or five years. I actually don't know how to answer that. Because, as I said, the Vocalink strategy depends a great deal on what way we enter different marketplaces. ACH tends to be, over the years, a very country-by-country business. It has only in a few cases, like Vocalink itself, which has demonstrated the ability to install its capability in more than one country, in fact, in five or six countries. That's a rare exception. Most ACHs are very domestic. And therefore, to really get an inroad into the B2B business, you'd first get into the domestic ACH switching opportunity in that country. And that could either happen as an infrastructure play, all of which are in the various stages of RFPs. And if you know how to guess a government-owned RFP process in terms of timing, you can do it better than me because I don't. And we'll see when it comes out. But the other options, which are more to do with apps and scheme rules and the like, those tend to be on a shorter timeframe than the infrastructure. So we're kind of working our way through all of this. It's very early days. I would hate to give you an estimate. I just know that in the next two or three years, you will see enough proof points to know that Vocalink is a really good asset for our company. That you will see. Whether that transforms our B2B revenue or not, I'm just not willing to make that commitment yet.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani. Caller, please take your company. Your line is open.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks. KBW. Maybe on a related note, Ajay, you mentioned The Clearing House will be going live or has gone live with the real-time ACH. Could you just talk about your understanding of the use cases for that network? And then, when we think about the actual revenue benefit to you, is that already in the run rate because it's a software fee, or are there volume-based revenues as well? Thanks.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Sanjay, The Clearing House hasn't gone live yet. What's gone live is the check imaging and clearing system in the UK. That went live yesterday. The Clearing House is in the process of testing the software that's been put into their system with a couple of the banks. And then they'll roll out as the banks become technically enabled to connect to the fast ACH platform that The Clearing House has built with us. Your second part of your question about the revenue stream, it's actually a software license. And therefore, it's not as though off the current use of that software as it increases for The Clearing House, that we will make any new revenue each time that that software is clicked upon. That's not what you should factor in. But what could happen is use cases being built on it, which enable us to play more actively in that space. It could be use cases for P2P. It could be use cases for B2B. And eventually, it could be use cases, if it makes economic and business sense, for B2B across border, if it can be connected to other clearinghouses or other ACH switches in other parts of the world. That's kind of what we're doing with them. The different use cases are all of those, and I think you're going to have to wait and watch how American banks look at the capability of the fast ACH to figure out which one of those satisfies a business case where they're either meeting a need that somebody else is filling right now or they believe that there is a priceable opportunity or a value extension opportunity in that system. And I don't think that those answers are clear yet.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Togut. Please state your company. Your line is open.
David M. Togut - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Evercore ISI. Could you comment on the pipeline for new pan-European deals, especially as recent payment routing regulations in Europe open up the playing field versus some of the national payment schemes?
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Well, the opening up of the playing field versus the national payment scheme has been happening for a while, not just because of PSD2. Actually, PSD2, the new regulations, are more about how other players outside of the domestic payment schemes, could also enter into the value chain and become players in between the banks and the merchant or in between the banks and the consumer. So it's two quite different things that are going on. The aspect of tackling the domestic payment scheme, that work is ongoing. And every quarter, actually, we see more and more transactions in most countries. Now, it's not a – as Javier, our European President, is fond of saying that it's an evolution not a revolution, because everything in Europe moves at that pace. And we're seeing improved number of transaction share in every country as far as domestic payment schemes are concerned. As far as PSD2 is concerned, there's a lot of work doing on – we talked about it at Investor Day a little bit – both in terms of enabling banks and acquirers to be able to meet the challenges that will come about through the new regulations, where essentially they will be responsible to provide both a transparency of the data to other players, but also a safety and security layer that they are going to be beholden to. And we can help them with both of those things. We can also help them with – and help the merchants – with their transaction thinking over the course of the next couple of years. So we've got a team of people in Europe who we're working with, merchants and banks, ready to roll out ideas how we could be helpful with them and fin-tech players over the next couple of years.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: So, David, Europe's GDV grew 16%. That just doesn't happen by itself all because of the economic environment in Europe. Of course, secular trend drives some of it, but the other one is what Ajay has been talking about: Every quarter we're actually winning deals that's helping this number to continue to grow. And with the second portion on PSD2, as Ajay said, we have a really big team there. There's a lot of opportunity, but it's very early stages yet in terms of going after what kind of help the banks are needing.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Just need to remember that the fact that it's a low-interchange environment will introduce its own element of how quickly PSD2 will enable different forms of acquiring and payments to take strength in Europe. Because if you have a low-interchange environment, the other side of this is there's less money available in the pot for people to build out acceptance and build out alternative payment methodologies in Europe. There's just less. And so I would treat PSD2 as something that's going to take a few years to really start showing changes. You'll see changes at a high level, rather than real numbers changing, and reform is going to take some years to come. Meanwhile, we're going to keep trying to win as much as we can from domestic businesses and from some of our other more famous global competitors during this period.
David M. Togut - Evercore ISI: Thank you.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang. Please state your company. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. I'm with JPMorgan. Just want to – I guess a lot of talk about security. So was curious, on the Equifax breach, any fallout from that breach? Could you see a change in deal or maybe reissue activity or more demand for security projects? Any color would be great. Thanks.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Tien-Tsin, not yet, not yet. Remember, first of all, the number of cards that got leaked in that time were very few. It's like – I'm trying to remember. I think it's less than 300,000 cards. And you know that compared to the breaches of card information that happened in the past, we're missing many zeros at the end of that in relative terms. So typically, that's where the first level of the activity tends to be. The issue, as you know, with the Equifax data being out there is really identity fraud over a period of time. And you see some elements of that, but it's difficult to figure out whether that's because of Equifax or that's just part of the way that cyber theft is beginning to become a more noticeable item in our connected Internet of Things world. So I wouldn't jump to any conclusion right now that Equifax breach is leading to new or higher attacks in any way. That's probably not a true statement.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Makes sense. Thanks. Congrats on the revenue growth.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Thank you. Just keep using your card, man.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Will do, will do.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Kupferberg. Please state your company. Your line is open.
Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Thanks for taking the question. So just to start, was curious if we can get a general update on the global e-comm and online business in terms of size and growth. And then, Ajay, any latest thoughts on India? I know they're been moving forward with QR code standards there. Is this going to move the needle for Mastercard, in your opinion, in the next two to three years?
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: I'm going to let Martina have the pleasure of answering the e-comm line. I'll tell you about India. I was there actually a few weeks ago co-chairing the World Economic Forum. It's pretty interesting. Trying to think where I should start from. I continue to see spend on digital forms of payment, card and wallet, increasing. There's no doubt. Although cash withdrawals are right back where they used to be pre-demonetization. So it's kind of a strange place to be in, considering how much effort has gone into this. Now, what has happened as the GSTs begun to roll out, and I think that will have a different form of impetus over a period of the next few months on the incentive to use traceable forms of payment rather than non-traceable cash, just because merchants will no longer have the incentive to help a consumer pay less by not paying taxes, because they, in turn, will pay taxes anyway earlier in the chain. So they need to recover the taxes or absorb a hit in their margin, and it's a reasonable quantum of tax to try and absorb that. So next you see high purchase volume growth. In fact, this quarter, as in other quarters, the number is astronomical. I mean, it's in excess of 70%. It was 100% a few quarters ago. It's in excess of 70%. But there's negative cash volume growth because of withdrawals from ATMs being down, but less so than they used to be. As I said, cash usage is back. So there's an interesting mix of business changing over there. I'm generally optimistic about the fact that over the next two, three years, we will continue to see good, strong spend n digital, cards and wallets, in the country because as I said, of the GST. Along with that, there's very high acceptance growth happening. And acceptance terminals are now up to 2.9 million compared to 1.5 million just in September last year. Now, remember, there's 60 million merchants in India if you take the informal sector as well. So 2.9 million is interesting, but there's heck a lot of merchants to go yet. That's where QR comes, to your first part of your question. The QR code-based acceptance, now that it's been standardized through EMVCo, as you've got what's called Bharat QR, which is rolling out – that, to me, has a real opportunity to change the number of merchants accepting electronic payments because of the cost of the terminal and the cost of maintaining the terminal and the software is gone and been replaced by this relatively cheaper form of starting of accepting. What's missing right now is the clarity for the acquiring banks and acquiring players on what the merchant discount rate would be for transactions in the country. As of January 1 in 2017, there's actually, if you remember three months last year, 0 MDR as a promotion. That kind of came back to be reinstated, but at a lower rate. And those lower rates are still in effect because the regulator had proposed higher rates, and those are going through various stakeholders. And I think sometime next year in the first quarter or second quarter, you're going to get a policy statement. Once that becomes a policy, acquiring banks are going to know what their revenue model is, and therefore what their risk-reward equation should be in building out acquiring using QR. Long answer, but generally, what I'm trying to tell you is I think it's headed in the right direction. I think GST will provide an impetus. I think you will continue to see growth in all kinds of business and digital payments in India. And I think QR, you should begin to see more impetus in it next year. Now, having said that, 15 issuers and 22 acquirers are already are on with QR payments. But I just think there's a significant growth opportunity that is yet to come.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: From an e-commerce perspective, your other part of the question, worldwide, as you know, e-commerce is about 10% of retail payments. And by the way, that was around 8% just three years ago or so. So clearly, what is happening in the gig economy with Uber and et cetera, there's a lot of Airbnb. There's a lot of growth in terms of e-commerce side. In terms of our switched volumes, we have about a quarter of those on the e-commerce side. And then that growth at a very healthy 20%-plus pace. So it's good. It's additive, and we're focusing on it. As you can see, with some of the remarks that Ajay has been doing, what we're doing with Uber in Asia Pacific as well as what we're doing with Netflix in terms of making sure that people can use their cards easier going forward as they're – get upgraded on their cards or they get replacement cards. All of that will continue to benefit the e-commerce growth.
Jason Kupferberg - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for all the commentary.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lisa Ellis with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Lisa Ellis - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning, guys. Follow-up question on Europe. I guess, part one, just looking at Europe, where the purchase volumes are up a couple of points over the last couple of quarters and transaction volumes also up 4, 5 points over the last couple of quarters. First part of the question: Martina, can you just dimensionalize for us how much of that is due to the shift or swap from Maestro cards into Mastercard cards? Because it looks like Maestro cards are down about 5%, so just trying to clarify how much of that is just a reporting thing versus underlying acceleration. And then, I guess, second question, how is debit – it looks like debit is very strong in the region. So how is – can you just – maybe this is an Ajay question – articulate the how you're competing debit in these regions where you're competing aggressively against a pretty well-established bank transfer bank transfer network, what the value proposition of debit is there? Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: So, Lisa, on your first part of the question, first of all, the economic environment, secular trends as well as some of the wins that I have called out in a number of countries like Russia and Sweden. Actually, we had some better performance in Turkey and Italy. That wasn't necessarily related to wins, but that was better performance. That all drives Europe. From a Maestro to a Mastercard slip, those are actually very important. Maestro cards, as you know, are mostly used in the cross-border context and not as much used in the domestic context, because obviously, they are co-batched with a domestic scheme on it. When those cards get flipped to a Mastercard, those cards make actually a lot more money for us from a revenue point of view. So it's not just a technical, you have Maestro cards going away and Mastercards showing up. These are real revenue-generating activities, because a person now can use the card not only out over the cross-border side, but also domestically, and they earn the points or the rewards and get on anything that might be with a card.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: And, Lisa, back to the other question about debit growth in a region like that. So there are two or three things. First of all, there is our debit growth within the volume that's already in debit. And I've been saying this stuff for five, six years. They're growing share in Europe. And the facts are the facts of the numbers. If you look at Nielsen reports, they'll show that to you as well. That's the first one. The second part is a really interesting question, which is how do you compete with these bank-connected networks which exist. Germany, a number of consumers, even like Martina, who are confused Germans, they go around actually -
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Converted Mastercard user.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Yeah. Converted Mastercard user. They actually do give their bank account data to merchants to be able to do a direct transfer, which I find fascinating. Having lived in Brussels for years, I know that I used to even make payments to my gardener and my vendors with some direct bank transfers. But there are three or four things that allow you to grow versus that as well. The first one is technology in itself. Just bank-to-bank transfer system is clunky and old, and it's run by typically associations of banks with limited ability to invest, just as the domestic payment schemes have limited ability to invest with new technology. What do I mean by that? Technology on safety and security. Technology on loyalty, technology on things that enable them to be competitive to what we could do with card and other forms of digital payments. So I think that's the first thing that enables us to fight in a number of these markets. And including in places like the Nordics, which are actually relatively high accepters of new technology. The second part is acceptance. I mean, debit enablement through bank clearing systems, as I said, has tended to be a localized business. The moment you want to go cross-border or even expand within the local domestic acceptance, a network tends to be a more interesting differentiator. So it's really a question about the network rather than it is a question about debit cards versus domestic payment systems. You know what I mean?
Lisa Ellis - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Yes, terrific. Thank you. Thanks, Martina, to you too. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Perlin. Please state your company. Your line is open.
Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks, RBC. So you talked about the global expansion partnership with PayPal. And I'm just curious, at this point in the stage – and you talked about a bunch of different areas of integration – have you seen a discernible difference in terms of volumes that are actually being driven by PayPal onto your network? And if so, are you at a point now where there's threshold payments or incentive fees that would actually get paid back to them? Thanks.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: So remember there are two key elements of our partnership with them. The elements of the co-brands and so on, yes, absolutely, we see volume from the co-brands, but we've had that relationship with them, in some cases, for quite a while. They've been renewed and they're growing. PayPal is doing well in the co-brand space. So those we see, and that's great. We've got some commercial and prepaid deals with them in Europe. Those we see. That's great. There's two new things which you're referring to. One is Masterpass acceptance as Braintree goes out and signs up merchants. We had to first integrate our Masterpass capability into Braintree. In the U.S., that has happened. And as of the last few months, they've begun to go out and sign up merchants, whom they're signing up for Braintree. They're also putting Masterpass into it. We're beginning to see the first few of those merchants come online. Obviously, that work has to be done in a number of the regions. So you should see that over the next six to nine months, maybe sometime during 2018 is when that Braintree-Masterpass integration across the world will happen in a form that will give us some scale on growing acceptance. The part about being an equal player, again, it rolled out in the U.S. about a couple of – two, three months ago. And if you try and enroll on a PayPal in the U.S. today, you will see that there's a very different offering methodology compared to what used to be there a year ago, when PayPal used to prompt and push you towards giving your bank account details. That's no longer happening. We're seeing the natural benefit of some of that in our numbers. None of it is setting the house on fire yet, but it's good.
Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Thank you. Operator, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Craig Maurer from Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Craig J. Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP: Thanks. Thanks for taking the question. Two questions, actually, the first on cross-border. You had discussed China being strong. Is this because you're taking share in the single network reissuance from your competitors? And secondly, regarding Brazil, where are you on regulatory approval of the Itaú processing deal? Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Hey, Craig. On China, I think it's a mix of things. First of all, the single issuance is going well, and they're really expanding the number of cards that they're having out there in the market, and that obviously adds something. But also relatively recently, a number of banks went back to dual grant issuing and continued with that. You might remember that late last year, earlier this year, there was a bit of a hiatus on that, given that there was rough clarity from a regulatory point of view, and that opened up again, but only for a number of issuers. And that certainly is a benefit, given that many of these dual-branded cards are top of wallet.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: And our share in the dual-branded card issuance over the last three or four years was much larger. Every time a new dual brand got approved, we were a much larger of share within that. That's kind of baked in that number. Your question on Brazil, that deal is still in regulatory limbo. It hasn't yet – remember, when we did the Itaú flip and win, one, we won most of their new card issuance as well as flipping the past book. But we also agreed to do with them this domestic payment network to compete with other domestic payment networks. What's happened is the regulator there, (58:08), about a couple of months back, has begun to change the rules for the other networks in such a way that the competitive advantage of launching our own domestic payment network with Itaú is no longer as strong as it would've been if it kept the debenture rules in place. That's why it's in regulatory limbo. Nothing new is happening on that as of now.
Craig J. Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP: Okay, thank you so much.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Okay. Ajay, do you have any final comments?
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: That's Warren reminding me that I've got to read our cards. Okay. Got it. Thanks for all your question, and I'm going to wrap up with a couple of closing thoughts. We continue to deliver strong financial performance while investing in our business for the long term. That investment in our business is a core part of the way Martina and I run our budget cycle and our strategic planning, and that is something we're not willing to sacrifice while continuing to grow revenue the right way. We're off a good start in each of our acquisitions. Integration efforts are well underway. We're very focused on safety and security. You heard me talk a little bit about the early detection system and adding products like that to our expanding set of customer tools to enhance our ability and those of our customers to make sure that this ecosystem is safe, and safe and simple ways to pay exist. Most of this is done through incorporating technology and artificial intelligence into our systems and our data. We're executing well on our strategy, which is continuing to drive sustained levels of strong revenue growth. And we appreciate your continued support of the company, and thank you very much for joining us today.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc. Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc. Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.
Analysts: Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Lisa Dejong Ellis - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC Craig Jared Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP Jason S. Deleeuw - Piper Jaffray & Co. George Mihalos - Cowen and Company, LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tashan, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Mastercard Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. Kneeshaw, you may begin.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Thank you, Tashan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2017 earnings call. With me today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open to accept registrations. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data, and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a currency-neutral basis and exclude special items and the impact of acquisitions unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their GAAP equivalents. As a reminder, we've added a table at the end of both documents which provide additional information about the impact of Article 8 of the EU's payments regulation on our GDV and purchase volume growth rates. Our comments on the call will be on the basis of rates adjusted for these impacts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I would like to remind you that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our earnings release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Ajay Banga. Ajay?
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Thank you, Warren. Good morning, everybody. So we continue to execute well against our strategy. You can see that in our strong second quarter financial and operational performance. We're really pleased. We're delivering net revenue growth of 14% and if you exclude a special item related to a legal provision that we took last year in the same quarter, EPS growth is 16%, both of these numbers on a currency-neutral basis. In terms of the global economic environment, not much has changed since the last quarter. The U.S. economy just continues its steady growth trajectory; low unemployment, low inflation, healthy consumer confidence, and if you look at our SpendingPulse data, retail sales ex auto were up 3.6%, that's kind of similar to last quarter. In Europe, real GDV is expected to grow by about 2% this year, in 2017. Consumer confidence is continuing to improve and that's primarily driven by Germany and Spain. But, of course, unemployment does remain relatively high in some of the EU countries. Now in the UK, interestingly, despite ongoing concerns around Brexit, SpendingPulse showed solid overall retail sales growth of 5% in the quarter and that's partly driven by higher consumer spending due to rising inflation, the lower pound basically. In Asia, we continue to see strong economic growth in India and several of the ASEAN countries. In Latin America, despite all the recent political turmoil and sustained high unemployment, Brazil is showing both consumer and business confidence improving. Economic growth in Mexico has been solid, driven by consumer spending. Venezuela, of course, continues to deteriorate, triple digit inflation, high foreign exchange volatility. With this backdrop, we're kind of pleased with the growth we're seeing across our business. We're seeing double digit volume and transaction growth across most of our markets. We're continuing to win deals by differentiating with services and, of course, by leveraging the work we're doing in digital. In terms of key business updates, as you know, we recently closed the VocaLink acquisition. We're just pleased that we now have the ability to offer both card and bank account-based payment solutions to our customers. If you look at the payment flows in the top 50 countries around the world, a significant portion of the payments are being made via ACH. With Fast ACH, in particular, we have the ability to now enable payments to and from any bank account in real time. And that expands our reach to more end points, including businesses, governments and consumers, who may only have a bank account and not a card. And as you can imagine, for consumers, that's not that infrequent in many markets around the world. Further, VocaLink's Fast ACH is well suited for certain use cases and why is that? That's because of its enhanced data and messaging capabilities. So, for instance, it can connect to ERP systems to facilitate B2B payables and receivable management, but it can also support bill pay through its Request to Pay messaging capability. As of now, over 25 countries are actively pursuing Fast ACH networks, a number of which have already launched. VocaLink currently provides those capabilities to the UK, Sweden, Singapore, Thailand and, of course, in the United States, with the clearinghouse, and it's also engaged in many other such opportunities. Now, VocaLink and Fast ACH complement our Mastercard Send push payment service. What that does is it facilitates the delivery of funds in near real-time, not real-time, to virtually all debit card accounts in the United States. In addition, by leveraging the exclusive capabilities from what we have with our HomeSend JV, we can enable cross-border payments to over 85 markets, now by connecting into cash in and cash-out locations, by connecting into mobile wallets and bank accounts. So what we have now is a unique combination of product offerings that we believe will allow us to better facilitate consumer choice. And through that process, capture an even greater set of new payment flows. What we will have is card rails, which we've had for years. We have Mastercard Send and now, Fast ACH rails. With this, Mastercard can become a one-stop shop for our customers, banks, merchants and governments. We're looking forward to talking to you more about our strategy around Fast ACH and our other network capabilities during our upcoming Investor Day. Now in the safety and security space, we recently announced our agreement to acquire Brighterion, whose artificial intelligence based technology enables more accurate decision-making and fraud scoring at the time of the transaction, obviously to mitigate risk and also reduce false declines. Now adding that capability expands our advanced suite of security products and expertise in fraud migration, in authentication and decision intelligence, while trying to make sure that the consumer has a seamless payment experience. So, with that, I'm going to move on to some of our recent deal activity. And in the U.S., we continue to have success in the co-brand space. This quarter, we're pleased to announce Kroger, the largest grocery chain in the world, will be converting their credit portfolio with U.S. Bank to Mastercard. Still with U.S. Bank, that's our partner in this co-brand. In addition, we won a new co-brand program with Belk, a department store chain with about 300 locations throughout the United States and renewed our credit co-brand agreement with Toys "R" Us. We also renewed Saturn (8:20) there in the U.S. for their credit and debit business, which includes our Decision Intelligence, fraud solutions and gateway processing services. In each of these deals, our innovative solutions and value-added services were key differentiators for us. Building on the agreement we announced in the U.S. last year, we're pleased to extend our partnership with PayPal into Asia-Pacific, which brings similar features and benefits to this region. In fact, we've just announced and signed that in the last 24 hours. We've been working with PayPal around the world for a long time, as most of their co-brand cards globally are Mastercard-branded. And just for an example, in Europe, we have multiple co-brands with them, including a prepaid program in Italy, commercial debit in the UK and, by the way, they've also been a licensed issuer in the region since 2011. Now talking about Europe, we continue to drive strong performance and win new deals there. I'm going to give you a couple of examples. We have renewed and expanded our agreement with Intesa Sanpaolo in Italy, which is one of the largest banks in the country for their credit, debit and prepaid business and that includes advisor services. We're also pleased with some recent progress in the UK debit space. This quarter, we announced a deal with TSB to flip their entire debit portfolio to Mastercard, building on our existing relationship with them in credit. Now, this is a significant win for us because TSB's customers represent over 4% of all debit customers in the United Kingdom. The partnership also includes their commercial business and we'll leverage our expertise in digital, in fraud, data analytics and even our Priceless sponsorship assets to deliver an even better payment experience for TSB's customers. China, as you know, we've been deeply engaged in navigating the potential opening of their domestic payments market. Back in March of this year, we actually submitted a draft application for a domestic bank card clearing institution. That early draft was informed by active considerations and conversations with the People's Bank of China and actually a number of potential partners as well in the market over the last two years. Now, more recent set of regulations got published, as you know, on June 30, so we're now finalizing our next application based on that new set of regulations. We're working through all our options for either a 100% Mastercard application or for a joint venture. We're going to make a decision on this and then file our next application. Obviously, what's really important here is to get it right out of the gate. Because, remember, this is just another step in the process that will likely play out over the next 12 to 18 months as there are several review cycles from the Chinese regulators between now and that point of time. At the same time, we've also been working on developing our technology network solution for China, which considers both national and cyber security standards and we're progressing well in that regard. Now, in the meanwhile, what we are doing is continuing to make progress with single-branded cards and we've nearly quadrupled year-over-year single-brand card issuance, launched a total of 18 new programs in the first half of this year, including the first single-branded EMV Debit card in China with Bank of China, and a World card with ICBC, which is targeted at their affluent customer base. So, finally, we're continuing to see growth in our commercial business, and is driven by a combination of innovation and some new deals. On the product front, we just recently announced the launch of the Mastercard B2B Hub, which is an innovative solution that enables small and medium-size businesses in the United States to automate their invoice and payment processes. As you know, more than 50% of all B2B payments in the U.S. are still made via checks and if we can integrate this with more than our 130 accounting and back-office systems and also into inControl, our virtual card platform, now we believe this solution helps buyers and suppliers reduce the burden and the cost associated with manual payment processes and helps us to accelerate the conversion from check to electronic payment. The idea clearly is to capture new payment flows. And in terms of new commercial payment deals in this space, we are pleased to have renewed and expanded our agreement with Citibank in the UAE for their commercial business. I think that win was basically driven by our virtual card platform as well as our ability to help drive B2B acceptance in the market. We're also expanding our global partnership with Amadeus, which I spoke about last quarter, to the United States, with U.S. Bank as their exclusive issuer, as we continue to pursue the more than $300 billion in annual global payments that travel agencies make to airlines, hotels, and other travel providers, which by the way today are largely made via bank transfers and checks. So turning to digital, we're making good progress with the execution of our Digital by Default strategy with issuers. We now have over 90 million enabled accounts and we're actually pleased to have partnered on the launch last week of Citi Pay in the U.S., which is powered by Masterpass. This wallet enables customers and consumers of Citibank to use their Citibank online login credentials to make seamless payments across all channels; online, in-app, in-store with their card number, which is protected through our MDES organization service. We've also added U.S. Bank and SunTrust in the U.S. We've also added Davivienda in Columbia. That's the progress we are making. We are continuing our momentum on the digital acceptance side. We now have more than 340,000 online merchants across 38 markets in addition to the 6 million contactless locations in 96 countries, where Masterpass can be used. This quarter, we're really pleased to have added Ann Taylor, LOFT, Hulu, Air Canada, Costco Canada. We've integrated Vodafone in Turkey, which is the second largest mobile network operator in that market to enable their more than 22 million subscribers to pay for mobile airtime minutes and other services using Masterpass. And, finally, a good example of our thought leadership in driving the convergence from physical to digital can be seen in our partnership with EMVCo and other industry participants to enable greater choice in retail payments by creating a new global standard to ensure consistency, industry consistency in QR codes. And this builds on our momentum with the rollout of QR technology in Africa and India. In addition to the launch of BharatQR in India, which is now live with four large banks in the country, we've partnered with the Bank of Thailand and the Government of Thailand in support of their goal of creating a cashless society. So, with that, I'm going to turn the call back to Martina for an update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning, everyone. As you can see in the highlights on page 3, we have delivered another strong quarter ahead of our expectations. Unless otherwise stated, the growth numbers I call out will be on a currency neutral basis, excluding a special item related to a legal provision taken last year. The FX impact was less of a headwind than expected at about 1 ppt, primarily due to the strength of the euro. Net revenue growth was 14% due to strong underlying drivers and growth across our services, and includes approximately a 2 ppt benefit from the VocaLink acquisition. Operating expenses increased by 17%, which includes a 6 ppt impact due to acquisitions primarily, VocaLink, and a 4 ppt impact due to FX related charges. Operating income was up 12%. And EPS was $1.10, up 16% year-over-year, driven primarily by our strong operating performance with share repurchases contributing $0.03 per share. During the quarter, we repurchased $931 million worth of stock and an additional $226 million through July 24. So let me turn to page 4, where you can see the operational metrics for the second quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV growth, was 9% on a local currency basis, up 1 ppt from last quarter. U.S. GDV grew 3% and was made up of credit and debit growth of 7% and 1%, respectively. Outside of the U.S., volume growth was 11%, similar to last quarter. Cross-border volume grew 14% on a local currency basis. Areas of real strength continued to be Europe, where we are seeing strong UK inbound and outbound volumes, as well as Russia, Italy and France. Latin America continues its recovery ,with Brazil and Mexico leading the way. And in Asia-Pacific, we see strong growth from South Korea, China and Japan. We have also seen higher cross-border growth rates to and from the United States. Turning to page 5, switched transactions continue to show solid growth at 17% globally again this quarter, with double-digit growth in all regions outside of the U.S. We saw continued strength in Brazil, Russia and India. Globally, there are 2.4 billion Mastercard and Maestro-branded cards issued. Now let me turn to page 6 for highlights on a few of the revenue line items, again, described on a currency neutral basis, unless otherwise noted. Net revenue grew 14%, driven by continued strong volume, transaction and services growth, with VocaLink contributing about 2 ppt to this growth. Rebates and incentives grew 22%, reflecting higher volumes and incentives for new and renewed deals in line with expectations. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items. So you may recall that last quarter I said the difference between fees charged and volumes and the domestic assessments and cross-border categories were mainly due to pricing, which was essentially offset in rebates and incentives as well as some mix. This continues to be the case this quarter. Domestic assessments grew 14%, while worldwide GDV grew 9%. Cross-border volume fees grew 16%, while cross-border volume grew 14%. Transaction processing fees grew 18%, in line with the 17% growth in switched transactions. And finally, other revenues grew 18%, most of the VocaLink revenues show up in this line. This more than offset the 5 ppt effect of the changes we made to our loyalty business in Asia that I have discussed with you last quarter. Moving on to page 7, so here you can see that total operating expenses increased 17% on a currency neutral basis, excluding a special item taken last year. So this includes 6 ppt impact from acquisitions, that's primarily from VocaLink, including the impact of purchase accounting and integration related costs. And then there is a 4 ppt impact from higher FX charges related to hedging losses due to the weakening U.S. dollar and balance sheet re-measurement effects as a result of the devaluation of the Venezuelan bolivar. And excluding these items, operating expenses grew 7%, as we continued to invest in digital, geographic expansion and advisors capability. This also includes a 2 ppt impact from accelerated A&M spend related to the Masterpass awareness campaign. Turning to slide 8, let's discuss what we have seen in July through the 21, where most of our drivers are similar or slightly lower than in Q2. The numbers through July 21 are as follows. So let me start with switched volume. We saw global growth of 10%, the same as what we saw in the second quarter, with double-digit growth in all regions outside of the U.S. And in the U.S., our switched volume grew 2%, down a bit from the second quarter, with higher growth in credit, but lower switched volume in debit as we are lapping a number of 2016 PIN wins. And gas had really no impact on our July numbers. Switched volume outside the U.S. grew 18%, up a bit from the second quarter. Globally switched transactions growth was 15%, down 2 ppt from what we saw in the second quarter, with similar growth outside the U.S. And the U.S. slowed 4 ppt, due to lower PIN growth that I was just mentioning under switched volume. With respect to cross-border, our volumes remained strong, up 14% globally. That's very similar to what we saw in the second quarter. So let me look ahead and our underlying business fundamentals remained strong. We continue to grow our business through a combination of new and renewed agreements as well as our expanded set of service offerings. We had a strong first half and we are particularly pleased with the progress we are making in Europe and in Latin America. As we look forward to the second half of the year, we are forecasting this momentum to continue. Based on current foreign exchange rates, we now anticipate FX headwinds will subside, primarily due to the weakening U.S. dollar. For the year, we continue to expect net revenue will grow at a low double-digit year-over-year rate on a currency neutral basis excluding acquisitions. And for Q3, we expect net revenue growth to be similar to what we saw in Q2, again, on a currency neutral basis excluding acquisitions. On expenses, we expect year-over-year total operating expenses to continue to grow in the high single digit range on a currency neutral basis excluding acquisition and special items. Also of note, we're extending our support of the rollout of Masterpass through the acceleration of A&M spend in the third quarter. So in particular, we expect A&M spending to be up by about $35 million versus the year ago quarter. And we continue to forecast recent acquisitions, most notably, VocaLink, will be about $0.05 to $0.06 dilutive in 2017, driven primarily by purchase accounting and integration related costs. Separately, you should assume a tax rate of about 28% based on our current expectations of regional mix. So, with that, let me turn the call back to Warren to begin the Q&A session. Warren?
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Thank you, Martina. We're now ready to begin the question-and-answer session. In order to get to as many people as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and then queue back for additional questions. Operator, we're ready for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Congrats on the solid quarter. Ajay, just want to ask, on the whole Push Payments opportunity, seems like it's a big market for a lot of folks. And thinking about one of your competitors was recently talking about that they didn't need to purchase an ACH network or anything with ACH capability; they had it already with their capability with Visa Direct. Just wanted to get your analysis on that on why the VocaLink acquisition was necessary?
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: So, I think that Mastercard Send is similar in a way to other offerings in the marketplace. We could have taken that, combined it with our HomeSend JV, extended its reach to mobile wallets and cash-in and cash-out points around the world. That's one way to have built it. There would be some challenges still left with that to really enable that to compete the way Fast ACH is growing around the world. Those challenges are actually quite interesting and require a real solution to solve for. I'm not saying you can't solve for it organically and try and build it. I just think that's more expensive and a longer solution with less credibility of working than if you pick up a unit like VocaLink with its enormous reputation in the UK where it operates the payments infrastructure, but also its ability in multiple countries around the world. ACH has been a country-by-country business. VocaLink is one of the only players in the world that has demonstrated the ability to take its software and apply it in markets as diverse as Sweden and the UK and the United States and Singapore and Thailand and so on. That's the first point. I think the second point is the nature of the data flows; now this is a little bit more in the commercial B2B payment space, the nature of the data flows that come back-and-forth over VocaLink's B2B payment enabled system is such that you get their ISO 20022 dealer standard. So what they get is far more information that allows them to integrate seamlessly with B2B ERP systems, with e-commerce systems and cross-border payments are also built in there, as standard. They have directories which combines the VocaLink IPS system with these directories, simplifies the flow of payments, simplifies payment requests. So, the aspects in the B2B space that I think with the richer data set and the better connectivity of VocaLink Fast ACH that I think are actually quite important to be able to play a good role in that space. So the combination of these two is kind of what prompted us sometime back doing a scan across the world of the opportunity to enter Fast ACH. We kind of took the decision that if this property were not available, we probably would have tried to build something organically with its opportunities and risks and costs and timeframe. But as it so turned out, the opportunity with VocaLink came along and we were trying our best to leap on it and take it and move forward. That's broadly what we're trying to do.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Very helpful. Thanks for the details.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore. Your line is open.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Could you update us on your progress in signing pan-European deals? In particular, I'm thinking about the new merchant routing regulations that went into effect in June of 2016 and how you're doing versus some of these local and national payment schemes.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Well, I'll tell you this much, that what we are looking at is the fact that all the new regulations that went in, the one part of them were the routing regulations; another part was the actual, as you know, a level of interchange. There were other parts of our co-branding and co-badging and separational switch and scheme. There were a series of these that went in. I will tell you this. The expansion of acceptance that is going on for brands like us across Europe is actually for the first time encouraging. As you can see, even in Germany, where Martina hails from, even in Germany, and I'm not holding it against her, but that's where she hails from...
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Even the Germans are using cards.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Even the Germans are beginning to use these payment systems in these stores which earlier they did not. They basically paid through the giro through their bank accounts. You can see a change coming from the merchant community as well as the consumers, which I think is a function not just of one aspect of the regulation, but of the totality, which I think is what the EC (30:06) wanted to do. They wanted to create fresh momentum and fresh competition in the market, both for us and against what we do, and I think that's fine. That's a competitive marketplace.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Yeah. We are seeing real progress on the acceptance side. But we are also really seeing progress on our winning European deals, predominantly off-course, because we have a fantastic digital suite of products and we have great consulting services. And we're seeing that a lot of the banks that have been grabbling with a lot of these issues, especially as PSD2 is coming down the road, how we could be servicing in them. And that is – we called out some wins last time. We have a couple of wins that Ajay called out this time. That is really adding to the progress in terms of our European payments volume, which as you can see, even this quarter again is at 15%.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you very much.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Next question, please?
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. Your line is open.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. I guess on a related European note, obviously, a little bit more time has passed with Visa's acquisition of Europe. Ajay, I was wondering if you've noticed any discernible trends, PINs (31:08) maybe impacting Mastercard? Thanks.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Sanjay, not yet directly. Although, as I said, they are winning some deals and that's because the market is a little more open to now having these conversations as compared to prior to the acquisition when everybody was waiting for that to happen with all their obvious benefits that were tied up in that. But I would say – you remember even that Visa is still sorting through it, as they themselves said, all their agreements with their customers. So, you've got to let this play out for a little while. But, we are seeing progress, we are winning deals, and I'm just giving you a couple of examples, I'm trying not to give you a list. But, we are winning deals along the way. This will become, as I said over time, you should get past this couple of years and then think about this as settling into a regular competitive marketplace, where one of two or three things will happen. Either the yields of that market, which tend to be lower than global yields, will begin to come up a little bit, maybe, maybe not; we'll see. Or, the opportunity to win more deals and volume will present itself. One of those two will fall into place. Right now, it feels more of the latter than the former. But, it's early days.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: In addition to really driving secular trend in Europe. As you know, it's really only the UK that is very much enabled from an electronic payments point of view. And it just presents an enormous opportunity in many of the other countries to take advantage of the secular trends from cash and check to electronic forms of payments.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: That's why to that earlier question I'm so delighted about the expansion and acceptance, even in Germany.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Lisa Dejong Ellis - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys. Ajay, you mentioned working with EMVCo on this global standard around QR codes and driving that. Can you elaborate a bit exactly what that solution looks and feels like for the merchant and the consumer? And what's required to enable that globally? Like what's the solution on the acquiring side and is the acquiring environment activating around that? And then also on the consumer side, is this Masterpass or is this bank wallets and how do you see that playing out?
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: First of all, the last part, to me Masterpass and bank wallets are one and the same thing. I'm not into building Masterpass as I've said as a B2C solution. it's really a B2B2C solution. Banks can take a wallet container from us or build their own and then ride our rails, which is what a number of them are doing. Someone like CitiPay uses Masterpass more extensively than others. I'm fine with that. That to me is our model. It's a open, engagement model with banks and others who are authorized to have financial accounts so that we can enable the path through digitization as compared to trying to build our own wallet. That's not what I'm trying to do. The standards topic is a really interesting one. To me, if you're going to make progress in expanding acceptance and QR code is a little bit of our expanding acceptance into markets where infrastructure and the cost of having terminals as well as the running costs of managing those terminals, are challenging. So you take in Africa, you take parts of India or you take Pakistan or other such markets, or even parts of China, at the end of the day, QR codes represent a real opportunity to enable electronic payments in smaller and more remote shops. What essentially you are doing, you can pull or you can push the payment, meaning you can have a QR code that is unique to the merchant, in which case a consumer who walks in using a phone with a camera can actually focus on that QR code and enable the money to be transferred to that merchant for the potatoes and onions and bicycle tires they bought. Or, it could be the other way around, where the consumer carries around a QR code, which is unique to them, and it can connect into the merchants system to enable the money to be sent from the consumers account to the merchants account. Both are possible, both are feasible, both have been tried in different markets in the world. The idea of standardizing them across EMVCo is to ensure that banks and merchants don't end up with complicated multiple standards between us and the other participants in EMVCo, which include Visa and AMEX and the others. So that's the purpose of what we're trying to get done. We've actually done that and issued standardized guidelines so that the acquirers and the merchants and the banks can find a simpler way to connect to what I think could be a transformative way of growing acceptance in a number of these markets.
Lisa Dejong Ellis - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of James Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks. And good morning, and thanks for taking my question. I was wondering, maybe you could talk philosophically about your approach to margins from here on out? Is the philosophy still to kind of make sure that you maximize revenue growth and get EPS tracking with that? Or post the acquisition of VocaLink, is there a desire to potentially get a little bit more operating leverage over the next few quarters until you lap that acquisition? Thank you.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: James, it's Martina. So, no, we have not changed our view in terms of how we are looking at operating margin. First and foremost, as you said, we are growing the company for topline performance, and net revenue growth and bottom-line performance, both on the net income line as well as on the EPS line. We continue to believe that our operating margin should be, including buying VocaLink at a 50% plus margin, we are not driving the company in such a way that we are expanding it, so it might expand from time to time as we are today, actually 56% when you exclude VocaLink, 54% when you include VocaLink, but we are already above that 50% threshold. But what we're really doing with the company is, we're taking certain amounts of money that we are earning on the top line and we are investing it in those critical areas in order to get top-line and bottom-line performance to continue to work. Just remember, VocaLink, when you actually look at them from a standalone point of view, you can look at their 2016 financials, and if you exclude one particular investment that they have made in push payments, which is their ZAPP product, their paid-by-bank product in the UK, VocaLink has a 32% EBITDA margin. So, obviously, they have a much lower margin than what Mastercard as a whole is, and despite that we are capable and able of taking in and we are still holding firm with our operating margin level of a minimum of 50% plus.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of James Friedman with Susquehanna. Your line is open.
James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hi. I just wanted to ask you about that Kroger win that you announced in your prepared remarks. So, Ajay, if you don't want to speak about the merchant specifically, maybe more comments in general about grocer. Kroger is a massive company. How should we be timing that in terms of modeling it in? And was that a flip? Some color on the grocer would be helpful. Thank you.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Sure. I'm glad you called them prepared remarks. There are days when Warren and Martina are worried about what I might say compared to the prepared remarks. But I will note that for my future. So, Kroger. Kroger was a co-brand that many years ago actually used to be with Mastercard. I think it flipped out of Mastercard either the year before I joined, or two years; I actually don't remember correctly. But, I know about 8, 9,10 years ago it moved away, and it was with our competitor, largest competitor, with Visa. U.S. Bank is their issuer and their primary banking relationship. Kroger went through a relatively detailed process of figuring out how to renew and what to renew. And we all went through and made our usual pitches for it and it ended up with U.S. Bank and us as being the partners for their co-brand platform going forward. We haven't yet finalized the dates of the migration of the portfolio. That work is happening as we scope out the different aspects of this. Over the next few months, I'm pretty certain we will be able to give you a better date and a better guideline. And Martina will be able to help you with that.
James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Dan Perlin with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good morning. The question I have is on operating expenses. You had 7% growth in OpEx once you take out the acquisitions and FX. You called out another 2 points of impact related from Masterpass spending. So, I guess, net it's 5%. So the question I have is two-fold. One is, and I heard your comments a second ago, Martina. But is the run rate of core business OpEx growth around 5%? And then secondly, you're calling out another $35 million of A&M spending for Masterpass in the third quarter. I'm wondering if you could just help us balance the investments you've been making there for the past three quarters that have accelerated to some of the early-stage benefit as to how that's driving your top-line? Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: So, Dan, first of all, for the whole year, we gave a guidance that we would be at the high single digits on a currency neutral basis for operating expense growth, right, and that continues to be true. And that is excluding acquisitions, okay. So, steady-state company with the investments that we are making has high single digit for the whole year. That includes any of the FX charges. That includes any of the Masterpass cost on the A&M side, which quite frankly, quite a bit of the cost is being accelerated from the fourth quarter into the first three quarters of the year. So we have absolutely no change for that. In terms of driving growth, when you look at that high single-digit investment that we are making on the OpEx line, that is, when you look in the detail of it, is a number of things. One, it's obviously digital. We continue to invest in digital. Number two, so this is both on the technology side, that is on helping our customers to getting up and running; that is where the A&M is going up. So that is digital. Secondly, we're doing quite a bit of geographic expansion. You can look at what Ajay said about China. Of course, we're building the technology backbone there, so that is expense. In India, given the demonetization, we are investing quite a bit there. In Africa, there are a number of those things going on. So geographic expansion is another big bucket. The third bucket that drives growth, which we have been calling out in a number of quarters, is of course what we're doing in safety and security, right? So a number of the things we're actually doing and until very recently, from an organic investment point of view. Look at the Safety Net feature that we had shown to you a number of times; that was actually an organic investment that this company has been making. Recently, we've been adding a few inorganic acquisitions to it, but that is a very key investment area for us. And then last but not least, as we called out this quarter, we are continuing to invest in our advisors capability, which is really two things: One, what we are doing on the consulting side with our customers, which does pay back in spades because of better portfolio performance, additional things that our customers might be doing that really benefit our volume and transaction. But also it's what we're doing on the data analytics side that goes way beyond financial institutions. That is where we're helping a lot, the merchants, to be very successful with what they need to do to sell to consumers.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's great color. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bob Napoli with William Blair. Your line is open.
Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you and good morning. A question just on U.S. credit. One area that has been a bit of a challenge for Mastercard over the past couple years has been market share and growth in U.S. credit. It does seem that you have some momentum and have lapped some losses, lapping some losses. Can you maybe give a little color on your thoughts on the market position in U.S. credit, market share trends and growth outlook?
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: First of all, you're correct. We are lapping some of those losses and there is an improvement in both our consumer and commercial credit in the U.S. performance. You've got to remember, we've got a good presence in commercial credit as well. And we look at both as part of our credit business in the United States. In consumer, which is I think where your question was coming from compared to the commercial side, in consumer, within the market, as I said, are looking for opportunities to grow. Those opportunities have, over the last few years, largely been through merchant driven co-brand decisions and we win some and we don't win some. This quarter, we've got a couple we told you about that we won. There are a couple of others that we won that we won't announce for another year or so till the deals become visible in the marketplace. But there are others we didn't win. We didn't win Costco in the United States some quarters ago. So we won Costco in Canada, but we didn't win it in the U.S. We have a relationship with Costco in other markets around the world. And so there are deals we'll win and there are deals we'll not win. We will try and do them in a way that makes economic sense to our bottom line. That's the principle behind those deals. It's the same for winning more credit share with issuers and for looking at them as part of participating in their growth. One of our biggest partners, as you know, is Citibank. And you know that Citibank has begun to reinvest very wisely in their credit business over the last few quarters. And, honestly, their own performance, as a result, is improving. And their performance, which is improving, is driving our improvement, because they're one of our best partners. And that's kind of how this works for us and we try to work our way through this in a sensible way and support our principal customers and work with them on growth, while we try and win as many deals as we can, when and if they come up in the marketplace.
Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you. That's helpful.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Ajay, thanks. Good morning, good quarter here. I guess I'll ask about the TSB win. What drove the switch there? I know I think Sanjay asked about Europe and whatnot in general, but just given its opening up in the UK, was this tied in any way to the Visa Europe transition? Is there a pipeline of new stuff maybe with challenger banks that you're excited about?
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Hi, Tien-Tsin. Yeah, well, the TSB conversation honestly had started before the Visa European transition. I remember talking to them some time ago. It so happened that the Visa Europe transition happened in between. But is there pipeline in the marketplace from large, medium and small sized banks that we are pursuing? Absolutely. But I'm not going to say much more about it.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. We'll leave it as a case study then. Thank you.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Yes. It's a good case study.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Craig Maurer with Autonomous. Your line is open.
Craig Jared Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP: Yeah. Hi, thanks. We've now had pay-by-bank in the market in the UK for, I believe, a full quarter even though I know that availability to consumers is still very small versus where it'll be by year-end. I was hoping you could talk about early returns in terms of things like fraud and an update. Thanks.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Craig, it's very tiny yet and you're correct that it's early days. Its availability is limited. It's a couple of banks and I'm actually looking at Martina to try to figure out whether it's two or three banks.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: No. It's two banks, but it's three stores and if you want to buy pizza in the UK, then you can use it.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Yeah. So, right now, it's very early. But I'll tell you a different picture about it which I think you'll be more interested in. My view is that a consumer must get choice at the front end of their decision of how to pay and that choice should be connected back to where their bank relationship comes from. And if that choice is to pay by direct debit to their bank account or by the inward receipt of a remittance through a friend, a relative or a government disbursement or with a debit card or a prepaid card or a credit card, that concept of choice is what we're trying to put together when I was describing the opportunity with Fast ACH as well as what we have, which is Mastercard Send and HomeSend and our card rails. Whether you – pay by bank has only one way of choosing right now, which is from your bank account. I visualize that as being important and an interesting application not just in the UK but in other markets as well. It can lead to some good volume growth, but what I also visualize over time is the choice coming across to a consumer at the point-of-sale on their phone or from the terminal, whichever way, a choice to make payments from these alternative funding sources. That's what I think is where all this is going.
Craig Jared Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jason Deleeuw with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Jason S. Deleeuw - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thanks and good morning. Just a question on B2B payments and how you think about the opportunity there for VocaLink versus Mastercard Send. Can you size it up? Is one bigger opportunity for the other? Just kind of help us think about that. Thank you.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: I continue to believe that the opportunity in B2B for ACH and therefore VocaLink type of Fast ACH payments is enormous. It's way beyond what a Mastercard Send or card rails can address. Why is that? Card rails requires you to have card acceptance with all these merchants on both side or the businesses on both sides of a B2B transaction. And while you can attempt to build that acceptance and we have built it over the years, we're actually building in a number of markets around the world. But I would say while that addresses a portion of the opportunity, there is a much bigger opportunity that lies outside of that portion. That outside of that portion opportunity you can address a part of it through the tools of a Mastercard Send combined with a HomeSend because you've got multiple distribution points you could reach. But even now you don't have the right data and connectivity to the ERP systems of these B2B businesses that you can get with an ISO 20022 certified data standard system like VocaLink. That's the real difference. So think of this as layering a cake. There is what you can do with the card. I love it. We're going to do it. There is what you can do by adding HomeSend. I love it. We're going to do it. There's a little more I can do than most other people there by adding on the HomeSend capability. I love it. We're going to do it. But, boy, what I really love is the capability with Fast ACH. So I'll give you a number for the United Kingdom. In the UK alone, VocaLink's domestic real-time platform carries over last year about 1.4 billion transactions per annum and the combined value of that is $1.5 trillion. Whatever you can look at addressing through card rails and through the equivalent of Mastercard Send rails would be a fraction of that number.
Jason S. Deleeuw - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thank you for that.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Now, to be clear, the revenue dynamics and the challenges of building that's out, I'm not discounting any of those. Please don't assume that by next quarter I'm going to have the worlds answer to B2B payments. I'm going to build it, but what I've got now is the right set of tools between card rails, Send, HomeSend and Fast ACH and as we get together and roll these out sensibly, in sensible profitable ways across the world, you should see us bringing choice and data capability through this to the front end of a B2B business.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Yeah. And, Jason, that is exactly also what we're doing with the Mastercard B2B payment hub, right. Our investment (52:56) exchange where we're basically enabling small and medium size businesses to automate their invoice and payment processes, and one way to do it is as Ajay said, to give a card offer which we are doing obviously through our virtual card offering, which will get linked into that system. But in addition to that, those businesses want to also have ACH capabilities and what's called ACH plus capabilities which is an ACH transfer with more data and what is wonderful with this B2B hub is that we will be connected into over 130 ERP systems which allows those businesses, both buyers and sellers, to be easily putting the data into their backend systems so that they can reconcile those kind of payments with the goods delivered or a Send.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Just keep this in mind, it's about choice, both commercial enterprises as well as for consumers and all I'm trying to do is to have the repertoire that allows us to do that in a sensible, practical way.
Jason S. Deleeuw - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Next question, please?
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of George Mihalos with Cowen. Your line is open.
George Mihalos - Cowen and Company, LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the results, guys. Ajay, I guess I'll ask on obligatory India question. I know it's early days, but when you look at the market structure there, heavy on debit, obviously, you can do the local processing. Is there any reason why structurally the revenue yield in India shouldn't be superior to Europe? And can you envision needing to take a more direct role from an acquiring perspective a la what Mastercard and Visa did in Brazil years ago?
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: So, Martina, didn't send you an email on the side asking you to ask me an India question because of my poking her on Germany, right? I'm just guessing. But the India opportunity, so there are close to 850 million debit cards in that market. A large number of them, by the way, are still used essentially for taking cash out from an ATM. It's only a smaller number of them that are used at the point-of-sale and credit cards are way smaller than the debit cards, we're talking about a fraction of those. Those, of course, used at point-of-sale. There's little cash take out on those, although there is some. And when you put that together, you get a market that has lots of cards, more than they ever had, but still with a huge opportunity in the front of it. The second side of it is the acceptance methodology. Whether it's card payment or pay by a QR code or pay by a phone or a fingerprint and all those options are being developed by different players in India, including us. I think what you'll find is that this is only as good as how the acceptance market in India evolves. Now, the acceptance market is growing rapidly in the sense that over the course of this last eight, nine months, you've had a 70%, 80% growth in merchants. But it comes to 2.5 million, 2.6 million merchants, depending on who you're counting. If you look at the total number of merchants in India, the Confederation of All India Traders with whom we have a very deep partnership, estimates there are 60 million merchants. Now, a large number of those are going to be fruit sellers and casual merchants who I don't yet know how we will get to create electronification, although we probably could over time. But there's still a large number there that should get into acceptance expansion. Now, the acquiring community in India is actually pretty good at growing the acceptance. Their challenge has been in the past the risk underwriting capability compared to their business model because all the acquirers in India are actually issuing banks as well and their business model is not clear until the revenue dynamics of their business model is clarified by the Reserve Bank of India. For the last few months now, since the demonetization, there has been a dispute going on about the level of MDR that the banks will make out of the system. If you don't clarify that, you're going to find a lack of appetite on the part of the players there to grow acceptance. It's got nothing to do with Visa and Mastercard going into the market acquiring or not. We ourselves won't know what our revenue model will be or what our profitability model will be till we get clarity on the pricing model in the marketplace. That pricing model was supposed to have been clarified a couple of months back. I think there have been recommendations made by the Reserve Bank of India to the Indian government. We're still waiting for them to finalize that. I am hopeful they will finalize that. I raised that recently in a public meeting with the Prime Minister as well. I know they're working through a number of puts and takes to figure it out. They will. Once they do, I think back to the earlier question Lisa asked me about QR codes, I think you will see between traditional terminals, mobile as a point-of-sale and QR codes with dongles, I mean, mobile is a point-of-sale in dongles, and QR codes, I think you will see a reasonably strong expansion of acceptance in India. And people like us and our competitors, we can focus on enabling banks and merchants to make sense out of this opportunity. Remember, there's one big impetus coming, which is the implementation of a Goods and Services Tax called GST in India. That GST has levels and slabs, but most commodities are at 28%. People will be paying that 28% when they receive goods in a merchant shop. A merchant is no longer incented to help a consumer not pay taxes because they are most likely to have paid a relatively high tax rate on receiving those goods from their supplier. And therefore subsidizing that to a consumer by helping to avoid taxes is probably something that we should see reducing over the next few years. And that, to me, is the real change in the (59:02) in this place. So if we can get our stuff together in the MDR, get the acceptance expansion going, build the right digital tools and QR tools, and roll those out, while also not losing focus on cards, I think there is a really interesting opportunity over the next five to seven years in India.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: I see that we've got to the end of our allotted time. Ajay, do you have any final comments to make?
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: All right. So thank you for all your questions. And I'm going to leave you with a couple of closing thoughts. We've had a strong first half of the year. We're just really pleased to have delivered record revenue and earnings per share in this quarter. I believe we are executing well against our strategy. We've added a number of new capabilities, which we were talking about during the Q&A, which I think differentiate us from competition and they add real value to our merchant and bank customers. With Fast ACH, we now have the ability to offer even greater choice for our customers with both cards and bank account based payment solutions. With the Mastercard B2B Hub, we think we're continuing to deliver innovative solutions to help companies manage their businesses more efficiently. And with Brighterion, another company we acquired this quarter, we're extending our capabilities in artificial intelligence to create an even better and safer payment experience for consumers. So I'm looking forward to having a number of you join us at our upcoming Investor Day in New York. You'll have an opportunity to hear about our strategic areas of focus, and you can get a chance to touch and feel and experience the various ways that we are working to capture new payment flows and help to shape the future of where payments are going. Thank you for your support, and thank you for joining us today.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Warren Kneeshaw - MasterCard, Inc. Ajay Banga - MasterCard, Inc. Martina Hund-Mejean - MasterCard, Inc.
Analysts: James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc. James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Lisa Dejong Ellis - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Paulo E. Ribeiro - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning. My name is Shelby, and I will be your conference operator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mastercard first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Warren Kneeshaw - MasterCard, Inc.: Thank you, Shelby, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2017 earnings call. With me today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the question-and-answer session. It is only then that the queue will open to accept registrations. You can access our earnings release, supplemental performance data, and the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was furnished with the SEC earlier this morning. We hope you find the enhancements we have introduced to some of these materials helpful. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a currency-neutral basis and exclude special items and the impact of acquisitions unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their GAAP equivalents. As a reminder, we've added a table at the end of both documents which provide additional information about the impact of Article 8 of the EU's payments regulation [PSD2] on our GDV and purchase volume growth rates. Our comments on the call will be on the basis of the rates adjusted for these impacts. Finally, as set forth in more detail in our earnings release, I would like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I will now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Ajay Banga. Ajay?
Ajay Banga - MasterCard, Inc.: Thank you, Warren, and good morning, everybody. We're off to a very good start this year. Net revenues are up 12%, EPS up 17% versus a year ago. We're also very pleased to announce that we have completed two acquisitions over the past month or so at VocaLink and NuData Security, which both complement our efforts to participate in new payment flows and enhance our safety and security offerings. We believe that the future of payments is going to be defined by, first of all, choice, convenience, and security. And if you build a strong business based on innovation and scale in card-based retail payments, that we know, VocaLink adds key platforms to that foundation, including the technology behind the BACS ACH payments system, the real-time account-to-account Faster Payments service, and the LINK ATM network in the UK. This combination will enable us to take a more holistic approach to retail, P2P, and B2B payments. In particular, the potential of Fast ACH is growing in the U.S., in Europe, and actually in other markets around the world. VocaLink has been successful in deploying Fast ACH in both developed and emerging markets. Leveraging our broad footprint and our expertise, what we are planning to do is to scale VocaLink's capabilities and enhance the value of each transaction with the robust set of services that we provide. And as we execute, our customers will be able to turn to one partner to address their payment needs across the whole spectrum, from cards to ACH, and thereby further enabling the shift from cash and check to electronic forms of payments. We also acquired NuData Security, whose technology helps businesses detect and prevent online and mobile fraud based on understanding how end users interact with devices. I'll give you an example. The technology can determine how fast a password is typed or the way a user holds a smartphone to help distinguish authentic users from potential fraudsters. The technology assesses scores and learns from each transaction to help merchants and issuers make near real-time authorization decisions. And as the Internet of Things continues to grow with whose ever estimate you believe, it could be up to 50 billion connected devices by 2020, the point here is integrating NuData's technology into our layered security strategy will help consumers pay safely and conveniently however and whenever they choose to do so. So I'd like to welcome each of our new colleagues from these two companies to our family. We are looking forward to working together as we pursue the many opportunities that lie ahead. Now turning to the economy, broadly speaking, not much has changed since the last quarter. We've seen modest pickup in global growth, in part due to market-specific fiscal stimulus, although uncertainty about the direction of trade policies continues to be a concern. In the U.S., consumer and business confidence remained strong. Employment is rising. Wages are beginning to increase. And based on our own SpendingPulse report, which as you all know, includes not just Mastercard spend data but a broader spectrum of retail spend across all payment types, Q1 retail sales in SpendingPulse excluding auto were up 3.9% versus a year ago. Gas is about 1 percentage point of that increase. Like you, we're still waiting for tax, trade, and infrastructure policy initiatives to come to fruition. In Latin America, Brazil is showing signs of emerging from its two-year recession, and we continue to see modest growth in Europe with the unemployment rate nearing a 9-year low. Germany remains solid. There's slower growth in the UK, Italy, and France, driven by rising inflation and some uncertainty around the impact of Brexit negotiations. Regarding travel, we are seeing increased inbound traffic into the UK due to the weaker pound. However, outbound consumer spend has declined in the case of the UK. In Asia, despite some ongoing uncertainty in China, economic indicators show high consumer and business confidence with moderate economic growth, and India's growth continues to be strong. We're working collaboratively with the government there to support electronic acceptance as part of its demonetization efforts. That's a good step towards achieving the long-term opportunity in India. Much work remains to be done there over the next few years. Meanwhile, we just continue to drive double-digit volume and transaction growth across most of our markets. They're performing well against our plan, and our strong business fundamentals position us well for continuing long-term growth. And this quarter, we gained momentum in core credit, debit, prepaid, and commercial businesses by winning new programs. We extended some existing relationships, and we optimized the value of some of our current portfolios. So let me start with credit and debit and give you a few examples. We renewed a number of exclusive agreements with key partners in the U.S., including Capital One, for their signature debit card business and Bank of the West for their consumer credit, debit, and small business portfolios. We also renewed our consumer and commercial credit relationship with Citizens Bank. We're actually highly engaged with them in delivering value-added services, smart data, inControl fraud tools, consulting, Rewards being examples. We've expanded some strong partnerships like those with Itaú in Brazil. We're actually launching a new co-branded credit card program with Itaú and Multiplus, which is a loyalty points provider and partner of LATAM Airlines. That secures Mastercard's leading position in that market with airline co-brands. Across Europe, our momentum continues. The larger banks, as you all know, are for the most part dual-issuance banks in their home countries, and what we're doing there is gaining share within their businesses. In addition, a number of the smaller and medium-sized banks have signed some interesting deals with us. A couple of examples include AvantCard, which is a consumer credit flip that increases Mastercard's market share in Ireland, and Bank Van Breda, which is a consumer and commercial win in Belgium. China, we await clarity there still on the requirements for domestic switching. Our local team continues to win a number of single-branded card programs in China. Again, one example from this quarter is ICBC, where we are building on that existing relationship to launch an exclusive co-branded card program with China's second largest online travel agency. So prepaid, there we're the leader globally in prepaid, and we continue to make strides with new product launches. We closed deals in every region in this quarter. What we're doing there is also to pursue some key verticals like travel, leveraging our cross-border prepaid program management capabilities that some of you will remember we acquired from Travelex a few years ago. You heard me call out some of our initiatives there before, but let me add a couple of recent examples. Cash Passport is a multicurrency prepaid card program. We have launched it in 13 countries around the world. With Cash Passport cards, what travelers can do is they can load up to seven currencies at a time and then use the card at ATMs and POS merchant locations. This quarter, we announced an expansion of the program, the Cash Passport program, with Canada Post as a new distribution partner through its thousands of locations. And then to give our issuers the ability to offer exclusive benefits and features to their customers traveling abroad, we have developed a Mastercard Platinum prepaid travel card, which stores balances in multiple currencies, locks in the exchange rate before you travel, and provides Platinum extras like free Wi-Fi and merchant offers and transaction alerts. We went live with Travelex in the UK this quarter with this product. The product was already available to prepaid issuers in Brazil and several countries in the Middle East over the last year or two. Now moving on to the digital space, we have continued momentum with Masterpass through our Digital by Default strategy. We've added more banks this quarter, BMO Harris in the U.S., LaCaixa in Spain, to reach over 85 million enabled accounts. On the merchant acceptance front, we're continuing to add new partners like Expedia as well as Sage, which in turn brings us 10,000 small and medium-sized merchants. The idea is to create a variety of options for consumers to shop efficiently and safely online. And building on our recent announcement from Masterpass QR with Ecobank in Nigeria, we're now rolling it out to multiple markets in the Middle East, Africa, and parts of Asia. In India, we worked with the government and payment industry to develop and launch Bharat QR, which is an interoperable QR code acceptance solution, basically simplifying the ability for small and micro merchants across the country to get into the electronic payments system in a cost-effective way. Masterpass QR is just one of the many APIs available to our partners within the Mastercard Developers Platform. The idea is to make it easy for them to integrate with Mastercard technology and services. Facebook Messenger bots also leverage Mastercard's APIs. They're now live with Fresh Direct, Subway and the Cheesecake Factory in the U.S. And as we discussed when we introduced our plans for the Facebook bots, they use artificial intelligence to enable consumers to interact with these merchants to build their orders and then, of course, securely check out via Masterpass, but the interesting thing is all this without leaving the Messenger platform. We're also connecting our customers for digital payments through our processing services. I'll give you a very good example. Recently, we signed a new multiyear deal with General Motors for Mastercard Payment Gateway Services to enable safe and secure online transactions across GM's network of 4,400 dealers and a number of service providers and various GM business units in North America. We're doing all this and continuing to innovate in safety and security. And this quarter, Mastercard and Samsung announced the world's first authentication technology using iris scanning to verify online purchases on a mobile phone. Mastercard Identity Check or, as everybody else calls it, selfie-pay, will use this iris scanning technology as well alongside the photo biometric when it's implemented on the Galaxy S8 later this year. We also recently announced the first biometric card, which combines chip technology with fingerprint scans directly on the card. And that technology can be compared to do what many of us do today when you unlock your smartphone. It's now being used to verify a cardholder's identity for in-store purchases at any EMV terminal. We have just finished successful trials in South Africa with a leading supermarket retailer and a bank. We expect trials in Europe and Asia in the coming months. So whether it's the use of tokens and digital wallets or it's innovating in biometrics and artificial intelligence, our technology is helping to drive a seamless, convenient, and secure customer experience as part of our goal to make every transaction safer, simpler, and smarter than ever before. And with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Martina for an update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean - MasterCard, Inc.: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin, I would also like to extend a warm welcome to both the VocaLink and NuData teams. Turning to our financial metrics, starting on page 3, you will see we have delivered another strong quarter. Unless otherwise stated, the growth numbers I call out will be on a currency-neutral basis excluding a special item related to the Canadian merchant litigation provision. And as you can see, there was almost no impact from FX on our numbers. Net revenue growth was 12% year over year and came ahead of our expectations due to healthy volume and transaction growth and a slightly better than expected FX environment. Operating expenses increased by 11% and operating income grew 13%. EPS was $1.01, up 17% year over year, driven primarily by our strong operating performance, with share repurchases contributing $0.03 per share. During the quarter, we repurchased $1 billion worth of stock and an additional $272 million through April 27. In addition, the effective tax rate was lower this quarter when compared to the same period last year, primarily due to more favorable geographic mix of taxable earnings. So let me turn to page 4, where you can see the solid operating metrics for the first quarter. When normalized for last year's leap day, all of our metrics would have been up by roughly another 1 ppt (sic) [Percentage Point]. Worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV growth was 8% on a local currency basis, the same as last quarter. U.S. GDV grew 2% and was made up of credit growth of 5%, while debit was essentially flat when normalized for the leap day effect. Outside of the U.S., volume grew 11%, led by higher growth in Canada and Latin America, with Brazil in particular. Cross-border volume grew at a very healthy 13% on a local currency basis, the same growth rate as last quarter. We continue to see strength in Europe and Latin America, which was partially offset by weakness from oil-producing countries in the Middle East. Turning to page 5, we continue to see very good growth in switched transactions of 17% globally to 14.7 billion, with strong double-digit growth in all regions except the U.S. In particular, we saw strength in Brazil, Russia, and India. And globally, there are 2.4 billion Mastercard-branded cards issued. Now let me turn to page 6 for highlights on a few of the revenue line items. Net revenue grew 12%, driven by continued strong transaction and volume growth as well as our services offerings. Looking at the individual revenue line items, the difference between fees charged and volumes in the domestic assessment and cross-border categories is mainly due to pricing, which is essentially offset in rebates and incentives as well as some mix. Domestic assessments grew 15% while worldwide GDV grew 8%. Cross-border volume fees grew 17% while cross-border volume grew 13%. Transaction processing revenue grew 16%, in line with the 17% growth we saw in switched transactions. And finally, other revenue grew 12%, driven primarily by Advisors and our safety and security services. This growth rate was lower than our recent trend and would have been 18% had it not been for two factors related to our loyalty business in Asia. First, we are in the process of restructuring certain customer contracts to reflect a change in our business practices. As a result, we are now netting some costs against related revenues. And second, we determined that certain revenues are better classified as domestic assessments. Note, each of these factors has a roughly 3 ppt impact to the growth rate of other revenues. However, both of these changes have no impact on our overall net revenue growth or to the bottom line. Moving on to page 7, you can see that excluding the special item, total operating expenses increased 11% on a currency-neutral basis. On a year-over-year basis, roughly 3 ppt of this increase was due to the accelerated A&M spend in support of the rollout of Masterpass that I told you about last quarter. The remainder was primarily due to higher personnel costs as we continue to invest in our digital and new payment capabilities, geographic expansion, Advisors consulting services, and data analytics. So let me turn to slide 8, and here let's discuss what we have seen in April through the 28th, where most of our drivers are similar or slightly better than in Q1. Please remember that the year-over-year comparisons in April are aided by the timing of when Easter fell this year. The numbers through April 28 are as follows. Starting with switched volume, we saw global growth of 10%, up slightly from 9% in the first quarter, with double-digit growth in all regions outside of the U.S. In the U.S., our switched volume grew 3%, up a bit from the first quarter, with higher growth in both credit and debit programs. And gas had about 0.5 ppt positive impact to our April growth. Switched volume outside the U.S. grew 17%, the same as in the first quarter. And globally, switched transaction growth was 17%, the same as what we saw in Q1, with similar growth rates in the U.S. as well as outside of the U.S. And with respect to cross-border, our volumes grew 17% globally, up 4 ppt from Q1, primarily driven by the timing of Easter. So looking ahead, our expectations for 2017 are broadly consistent with our prior estimates. We continue to grow our core business with a mix of new deals, renewed agreements, and the expansion of our differentiated service offerings, and there has been no major change in the macroeconomic environment. We continue to expect net revenue will grow at a low double-digit rate on a currency-neutral basis excluding acquisitions and consistent with our 3-year performance objectives. When you model this on an as-reported basis adjusted for the FX impact of all currencies, we estimate there would be a headwind of between 1 to 2 ppt to net revenue growth and a little more than 2 ppt to the bottom line given the current FX environment relative to last year. Although our first quarter as-reported net revenue had a minimal year-over-year FX impact, we expect bigger impacts in the coming quarters due to the year-ago comps, particularly in Q2. We expect near-term net revenue growth will be lower than later in the year due to higher incentives in new and renewed agreements and the roll-off of one agreement. On expenses, we continue to expect year-over-year total operating expenses to grow in the high single-digit rate excluding acquisitions on a currency-neutral basis, and that FX will have about a 1 ppt benefit to as-reported operating expenses for the year. Also of note, the acceleration of A&M spend to support the rollout of Masterpass will continue into the second quarter. In particular, second quarter A&M spend will be up by about $40 million versus the year-ago quarter. And as a reminder, we exclude the impact of acquisitions from our performance objectives for comparability's sake, but provide some detail to assist you with your modeling for the rest of the year. So in particular, with regards to the acquisition of VocaLink, which just closed, we expect it to improve the quarterly net revenue growth rate by about 2.5 ppt, increase total operating expenses at a run rate of roughly $100 million per quarter, and be about $0.05 to $0.06 dilutive in 2017, driven primarily by purchase accounting and integration-related costs. Finally, you should assume a tax rate closer to the bottom end of the 28% to 29% range based on our current expectations of regional mix. With that, let me turn the call back to Warren to begin the Q&A session. Warren?
Warren Kneeshaw - MasterCard, Inc.: Thank you, Martina. We're now ready to begin the question-and-answer session. In order to get to as many people as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and then queue back for additional questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from James Schneider from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could maybe give us a broad update on the regulatory environment you're seeing right now. The Choice Act has been introduced into Congress and obviously includes a repeal of the Durbin Amendment in that, so any impact you would see if that would indeed pass, and then also in Europe, relative to PSD2 whether you're seeing any shift in the landscape at this point in time.
Ajay Banga - MasterCard, Inc.: So it's Ajay. My view of the U.S. regulatory environment is that, as I said, I still don't see the results of all the various policy initiatives come through. I consider the Choice Act and Durbin Amendment kind of thing in the same category. I am unsure in the political environment that we're seeing right now is that a lot of these will pass through in the form that original statements make them out to appear to be. And so I'm unwilling to factor too much hope from specifics of that type. I continue to believe that in overall terms, the regulatory environment will continue to improve in this administration because that's their focus. But I don't think you can pick one item out of it and say that one will certainly pass. I don't think that's the way it's going to work. So that's not the way we're looking at it. On Europe, on the other hand, there's a lot going on in Europe, but PSD2 is at very early stages. As you know, what PSD2 does is that it basically opens up, even if fully implemented, the market to many new players who could come in and play in the payments ecosystem. It also introduces a number of things that aren't as simple for merchants or consumers to handle, for example, two-factor authentication. So my general view on PSD2 is that we've got a bunch of people in our company working very hard to make sure we take the tailwinds that it will produce for a company like ours, and I assure you there are plenty of tailwinds, while also taking into account headwinds that it produces and work with banks and merchants and these new players to make sure that we can play a role that's practical and sensible to facilitate the payments ecosystem. You've got to remember that the two-factor authentication and things like already low interchange in Europe can create some headwind for great progress from new players to come into the system. And so this isn't as simple to figure out as it may appear to be when you first read PSD2. I think over the next two, three, four, five years, you will begin to see this have a roadmap, and we are well preparing for that, both from a tailwind and a headwind point of view.
Warren Kneeshaw - MasterCard, Inc.: Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Don Fandetti with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Ajay, if you look at the network results this quarter, it seems like the international markets are starting to perk up a little bit. I was just curious on your thoughts on the sustainability of that. And then if you could, maybe comment about the U.S., what your view is there, and how travel into the U.S. has been trending.
Ajay Banga - MasterCard, Inc.: So, Don, you're absolutely correct that the international markets have in the last, I would say not just this quarter, over the last six to nine months, things have been moving up in the international markets. Remember, Brazil was one of those big markets for us that was holding it back. Brazil turning the corner. I wouldn't yet call it a V-shape movement, by the way. I'm looking at a kind of flat U. It's stopped declining. It's improved a bit. This is a good thing. There's a lot going on in Brazil on the political and economic environment that still has to pan out for this to be a continued improvement, but it's way better than it was a year ago at this time. So that's the first one. The second one is remember a few things in cross-border. You look at places like France that had got seriously impacted a year ago by unsafe environment. France has actually begun to come back up, not where we would like it to be, but again improved over where it was. There are other countries that are still suffering from travel and tourism issues to do with safety. Your specific question on the United States, inbound into the U.S., anecdotal information, not yet quite visible, but anecdotal on travel bookings in the future, on hotel bookings in the future would indicate that there is some slowdown in that. I think part of it could be just the strong dollar versus other currencies. Part of it could be concerns around the political and stability of the social environment. It's tough to say. And, I wouldn't read too much into it yet. I think if it continues for another quarter, that will be a matter of some concern for inbound into the U.S. But international on the whole, you're absolutely correct. Things are looking decent there. Outbound U.S. travel is fine.
Martina Hund-Mejean - MasterCard, Inc.: And even in Europe, as Ajay already mentioned, France, but it's really across Europe where we are seeing very strong, continued strong growth from a cross-border point of view. Ajay mentioned in his prepared remarks that the inbound travel into the UK is extremely strong, but it's pretty much offset by much lower outbound travel from the UK. But all of the other countries on the continent, and in fact, we've been seeing Russia starting to come up, people traveling a lot outside of Russia, so very strong factors there.
Ajay Banga - MasterCard, Inc.: China is interesting. There is lower growth in China, but Korea and Hong Kong remain very strong, so it moves around. But if I were to focus on cross-border, it would be Europe and North America that are showing results, with Brazil as well. And then the others come a little after that.
Ajay Banga - MasterCard, Inc.: But even in China, we have positive cross-border growth trends.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, thanks, that's helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning, guys. Martina, maybe you can just explain the dynamic between how pricing is impacting domestic and cross-border fees and then how that gets netted out against rebates and incentives, just what that impact is, how that looks like. And then what is that going to look like going forward, and how should we model that?
Martina Hund-Mejean - MasterCard, Inc.: We have made a number of changes over the last quarter or so, basically adjusting the pricing of our various products and services offerings, and that allowed us to obviously move some of the numbers around. But net-net, I have to tell you from a pricing point of view, that was not really a big contributor for this quarter. So what you saw that the domestic assessment fees didn't quite grow in line with GDV, you saw that the cross-border volume fees didn't quite grow in line with the cross-border volume. And that was – I'm sorry, it grew more than the GDV fee and the cross-border volume, and that was pretty much offset in the rebates and incentive line. This factor will be pretty much with us for the next three quarters.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thanks so much.
Warren Kneeshaw - MasterCard, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning, good growth year. I just want to quickly clarify that I think, Martina, you mentioned the roll-off of an agreement. Did you size that and is that new information? And then just on VocaLink, I'm curious. How has that asset performed year to date and maybe any metrics you can share? And how should we gauge the short-term performance here beyond just the revenue and expense?
Martina Hund-Mejean - MasterCard, Inc.: So first of all, on the roll-off, the agreement we had mentioned that this is just something that had been with us for the last four quarters. You are going to see it...
Ajay Banga - MasterCard, Inc.: Tien-Tsin, it's the USAA roll-off. It's nothing new.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, I just wanted to make sure. I just wanted to make sure.
Martina Hund-Mejean - MasterCard, Inc.: There's nothing new. That's what it is.
Ajay Banga - MasterCard, Inc.: I wouldn't leave you in suspense.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, I just want to make sure. I'm nutty like that, and then just VocaLink?
Martina Hund-Mejean - MasterCard, Inc.: And secondly on VocaLink, just some texture beyond just the numbers that I called out this morning. They are performing really well. So we are actually very happy as we closed the agreement. They really did a wonderful job in the market in all of their various product lines, including obviously developing the app, which is a push-debit product in the UK and starting to roll that out with a number of bank partners. So we are very pleased to see that. I think that kind of trajectory will continue. Of course, this is going to be a more complicated integration, so we have everybody welcomed now for three days. We are very hard at doing the integration over the last three days, but there's another year to come. And so you will be hearing from us more as the quarters unfold.
Ajay Banga - MasterCard, Inc.: Tien-Tsin, basically to me, VocaLink, at the end of the day, aside from the actual how you integrate them, I just think the opportunity to be able to go to any customer in the world and both a bank and a merchant and even a consumer eventually, and show them the ability through a Masterpass or some such event, show them from a Mastercard card to using Mastercard Send for P2P to using an ACH capability. As we get the capability from VocaLink embedded across our system and as we can do it at different levels of complexity in different countries. In the UK, VocaLink is a full operator as well. In other countries, it's got different models there. But you'll find us over the next year or two at least at the front end trying to put as much as we can of our skills and capabilities across full payment ranges. Add to it what we can do with ESS fraud safety, artificial intelligence, decision analytics, and put all of that and bundle it together. That's our real work in the integration. That's actually probably 80% of the work that's going to happen over the next year or two.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it.
Warren Kneeshaw - MasterCard, Inc.: Next question please.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. Your line is open.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thank you, good morning. Ajay, in previous calls, you talked about the timing on China and how it's unfolding there. Obviously, Visa talked about perhaps that extending out a little bit. Maybe you could just talk about your updated thoughts on that. And then, Martina, just one quick question on the incentives; as we look out to next year, should we expect similar growth rates to this year? Thanks.
Ajay Banga - MasterCard, Inc.: Do you want to do the incentive one?
Martina Hund-Mejean - MasterCard, Inc.: Sanjay, we are not yet ready to talk about next year. So we have been talking about the incentive line for this year, and I think I mentioned on the last quarter call that we expect about roughly a 20% increase on rebates and incentives. I think that is still roughly the number, but you're going to have to wait a little later in the year that we will be talking then about 2018. But as you have seen, rebates and incentives line has not really changed much over the last year or so, two years, and I don't expect much of a change.
Ajay Banga - MasterCard, Inc.: And, Sanjay, on your question on China, what we are trying to do there is probably not dissimilar to what you heard from Al [Kelly] on his call. We are working closely with the government there to finalize our application for a domestic license. We haven't got all the details you need relating to not just the application, but even more importantly, the review process. And so this is an ongoing effort with them. And I've been saying this now in some earnings calls, as you have heard, that I wouldn't hold my breath on when this comes through. It's just work, keep at it. And as they get more comfortable with opening up their domestic payments market in a way that makes sense for their market and their economy, that's when more and more clarity will keep emerging. We're working our way through it. I've been there a couple of times in the last three, four months. I've met everybody, so has everybody else who has been there. We probably meet similar people or one person here, one person there. But at the end of the day, I don't have much more to add to you on that. I remain focused on doing a few things. One is ensuring that we get more and more single-brand agreements signed up, and we have signed 40 – 45 or so of them last year. We signed more in the first quarter. And the good news is because of that, our card numbers in China are continuing to increase, even as the dual-brand card issuance or renewal rather is slacking off as some banks are moving away from dual-brand. Now you've got to remember, not every bank is in a big tearing hurry to move away from dual-brand because they also recognize the impact on their revenue stream of moving away from it. So this is a moving target. It's a little difficult to put a numerical value to it. But the good news is our total number of cards continues to increase despite this dynamic. And so, as Martina mentioned when I was giving the answer on cross-border, China cross-border continues to grow as well. So there's a nice little dynamic going on there. Now it's going to get a little more complicated as the year goes by on dual-brand cards, and hopefully the single-brand volume we are building will continue to give us a tailwind against the headwind of dual-brand, all this inside the ecosystem conversation of how do we get to a license in China, which to me is still some distance away. Now there are a lot of conversations going on, as you know, between the U.S. and China. With 100 days conversation to happen, I don't yet know if that will influence things materially, so we'll see.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Darrin Peller with Barclays. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks, just a quick follow-up around guidance. I think it was adjusted mostly around FX and maybe VocaLink being included to some extent here as well. But I guess when we look at the timing of some of the variables like USAA lapping, and we've heard a lot more about possible pricing tailwinds in Europe and others, I'm just wondering if we shouldn't expect a better growth rate in the second half than the 12% constant currency that we just saw. It was obviously 12% constant currency came in pretty strong versus our estimate. And then just a quick question, Ajay, on India, similar to the China question, and I guess thoughts on timing and opportunities there, if you can, just quickly update us. Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean - MasterCard, Inc.: So, Darrin, first of all, just to explain again the first quarter, it did come in better than expectations. We called out strong drivers, in particular in Latin America, Asia-Pacific as well as European cross-border, and some of the transaction growth that we saw outside of the United States. And FX was more favorable than we otherwise had assumed. One quarter does not make a year. We have also guided in my remarks that in the first half of the year, you will probably see – so that means the second quarter and the third quarter, you probably will see some lower growth rates and then pulling back up in the fourth quarter. So at this point in time, I don't see a basis for actually making a change for what we said about the whole year.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And just...
Ajay Banga - MasterCard, Inc.: We are obviously working away. We're working away against our plans. Remember that's what I'm working on. Now India, how much time do you want to spend?
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: As much as you want.
Ajay Banga - MasterCard, Inc.: So India, what's going on there is that in this first quarter, the growth rate of card spend at point of sale is still very substantial but much lower than it was in the fourth quarter. I think that's partly because currency notes have come back into circulation, and so cash withdrawal at ATMs has gone up compared to where it was in the fourth quarter. Overall, GDV is still impacted. I think if you spoke to consumer product companies that are large in India, a Unilever kind of company, they would tell you they still see an impact on total consumer volumes and downsizing of inventory in the retail system because of some non-availability of adequate cash for transaction capability. So there's an interesting mix going on. You're seeing more electronic. You're seeing a little more cash, still not back to where it was, but it's headed in the right direction, but more importantly, headed in the right direction with some tailwind on the need to fix towards electronic versus more cash. That's what's going on underlying all this. Now let me give you a couple of numbers that will tell you the magnitude of what has to be done there. So there are about 840 million debit cards in India, and those have grown by 20% – 25% over the last six months. This is a huge number. But of those, 770 million of them only take out cash from ATMs. Only 70 million of them have been used more than once at a point of sale. And therefore, the total volume of the number going through these two, the ones that I use for cash at an ATM, it's $450 billion a year, the ones that are used for point-of-sale transactions $30 billion. So we're talking a very cash-heavy marketplace with a great deal of reliance on cash as the instrument of driving the economy. That's what they're trying to work their way through. To give a similar example for credit cards, there are less than 30 million credit cards in India. Just compared to 840 billion in debit, of which 70 billion have been used at a point of sale, there are only 30 million credit cards. In the last six months, while the debit cards grew by 25%, credit cards grew by less than 10%. So it's an interesting dynamic. And while merchant acceptance can grow, we're north of (44:32) about 2.5 million from where it used to be, which is 1.5 million, there are 60 million over there that you could get to. I doubt you'd get to a number of them because that includes a fruit seller on the roadside who probably will be among the last few to convert to electronic. But between 2.5 million and 60 million, there's a wide number. And even if you got to 5 million, 6 million, 7 million, that would be a substantial change over the coming year. The government is very focused on driving acceptance. That's why the QR launch. That's why they're driving new point-of-sale terminals being put into the country. What they need to do is to provide some clarity on the MDR [Merchant Discount Rate]. In January they reinstated MDR, but at lower rates. Remember, there was an MDR holiday for a couple of months in the last quarter as a way of providing the right incentive and so on. They need to get clearer. By the end of June, they promised a final rate, and there's a lot of conversation going on between the Development Bank of India, the Finance Ministry, and the banks and all of us on what that number should be. If you don't get clarity on that, how does the bank figure out what its revenue stream will be? If they can't figure out their revenue stream, whether they're an issuer or an acquirer, how do you expect them to invest in expanding acceptance and issuance? I think the government needs to make a decision on that front to enable this momentum to continue into the second part of this year.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right, that's helpful, guys. Thank you.
Ajay Banga - MasterCard, Inc.: You can call me anytime you want. We could spend 17 hours on this one.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks.
Warren Kneeshaw - MasterCard, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Friedman with Susquehanna. Your line is open.
James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hi. Martina, with regard to the reclass for the other revenue, we get asked about that a fair amount. I know you had called us out that this was going to happen. I was just wondering if you had any more detail as to what it was that was requested. In other words, was it the security or was it selfie-pay or Advisor? Any more color on where the reclass took place would be helpful. Thank you.
Martina Hund-Mejean - MasterCard, Inc.: I'm going to give you a very specific answer to this. It was in our loyalty business in Asia. First of all, we had a number of premium cards there with assessment fees. And they went into other revenues that really should be up in the domestic assessment. So it was basically just going from other revenues up to domestic assessment, and that was a 3-ppt impact. And the other impact, which was also a 3-ppt impact, was where we actually provided in a customer engagement a particular service. And this time it was actually gift cards, where we procured the gift cards, there were costs to the gift cards, and we provided a holistic service, including program management, to that particular customer. We restructured the contract in such a way that we are not procuring the gift cards. The gift cards are procured by the customer. So that means they don't run – they run in such a way to our P&L that we can actually now net from a gross revenue point of view the cost of those gift cards. And so that is another change. We are not running it gross. We are running it through from a net point of view.
James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you, I appreciate the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. I wanted to ask a follow-up question on the VocaLink acquisition and integration. And you talked a lot about how you look at integration capabilities and how you would judge that. How should we think about – and I think that makes sense from the context of your overall business lines today. How should we think about new opportunities for VocaLink once this is fully integrated? I guess one of the things that we look at is the B2B segment is quite large. Does it make sense for Mastercard to start to explore more aggressively some of those opportunities? I'm really just looking for an expansion on the thought process on the VocaLink roadmap. Thanks.
Ajay Banga - MasterCard, Inc.: Sure, look. You're definitely going to see us expanding this capability into, first of all obviously Fast ACH and what that does with, for example, the Pay by Bank app in London and the UK that's rolling out. That basically is like a product that is a debit similar product but doesn't use a debit card to be able to make a payment from an individual to a merchant. We clearly see that as an opportunity for our company to grow our business in a number of markets around the world. So that doesn't require us necessarily to be operating the entire payments infrastructure of a country. It's a product and an app that you can put at the front end, so long as the country has better ACH systems. So you'll see us using that in a number of countries around the world and improving it as we go along over the next couple of years. You should think about it as a two, three-year effort. The second part clearly is that we could take their effort and attach our capability of fraud detection, early warning systems, SafetyNet, Decision Intelligence, all these products that we've been launching in the fraud and safety space, we could begin to attach those to ACH systems where VocaLink has a role to play. By the way, we're already talking about attaching these tools to ACH systems that VocaLink does not have a role to play as well because this is not determined only by what the front end is. It's determined by our ability to provide that service to ACH type of systems. But clearly, if it's VocaLink there, we've got a better opportunity to introduce these products with some value exchange built into it. So you should see therefore those two kinds of efforts being business development in some ways. A third one would obviously be the extension of this use into both P2P as well as B2B usage. And we've already made a fair amount of effort in the B2B space as a company. We have been in the last, I'd say two years, I think the last Investor Day, if I remember correctly, we had a pretty deep dive on our B2B and commercial efforts. But even recently, we've launched Straight Through Processing. We've done a deal with Amadeus, which is a leading travel technology company. We've done the launch of Easy Savings cross-border. Our company is making a fair amount of effort in the commercial space. And the availability of VocaLink's capabilities where they are operating just makes it easier for us to make progress there. Remember, all of this is contingent upon VocaLink either being in the marketplace as an operator or our ability to apply the front end of its capabilities, like Pay by Bank in certain markets, in which case the market must have a Fast ACH system or different aspects of our safety and security and loyalty services that we could provide whether VocaLink is there or not. And that's the range of things we're doing. One of the good things that's happening is that we're getting some excellent talent from VocaLink. They understand the ACH, Fast ACH, back-switching, LINK ATM systems. That's a great add to our company's capabilities. David Yates, who was the CEO of VocaLink, is joining our management committee and will be focused on helping us think about how to do exactly what you asked in different markets. So I'm pretty excited about this. And if you would see me right now, you would find I have a degree of real intensity around this topic over the next two to three years.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Jeffrey from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks, good morning. I appreciate you taking the question. In terms of switched transactions, you had some pretty robust growth. I wondered if you can talk a little bit about market share by region and continued momentum, and if indeed that is one of the key drivers behind that line item.
Martina Hund-Mejean - MasterCard, Inc.: Andrew, I'm going to take that. And you're absolutely right. This is now three quarters or so in a row that we had 17% switched transaction growth, which is absolutely terrific. The growth is really coming from Asia-Pacific and Middle East-Africa, in particular in Australia, India, South Africa, even in Nigeria, even though we all know that, that country and economic environment has a little bit of a tough time at this point in time. In the EU – in Europe, our European region, there are very good growth metrics from a switched transaction point of view. The areas that I can be calling out to you is the UK, but even France, where we weren't able to be able to switch as much before, and we have been winning a number of agreements where we can now switch. In Russia, we continue to switch. And in Latin America, Ajay was already mentioning Brazil where we're seeing some growth. The last really bright item that I can call out for you is PIN switching in the United States. That has been really well into the double-digit space over the last three quarters, and that was a combination of the kind of work that we have been doing with issuers in order to get on the back of the card as well as with merchants on the routing opportunities.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Lisa Dejong Ellis - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning, guys. Ajay, I have another question about India. Paytm in India was – or is I guess now classified as a so-called payments bank. And I'm wondering – which I guess appears to be somewhat of a hybrid between a traditional bank and a money transfer agent. I'm wondering. One, are you seeing these constructs crop up elsewhere around the world? And then also, how do you think about your value proposition as Mastercard to that kind of entity?
Ajay Banga - MasterCard, Inc.: Lisa, the way the payments bank topic in India developed was that there was a report put out by the central bank or the Reserve Bank as it's called in India. They commissioned a report, and they put out an idea, how do you grow acceptance and electronic payments in the country. And one of the items in there was to add on the idea of payments banks, where they wouldn't have the same infrastructure and the same need as a traditional bank, but they could help to reach these underpenetrated lower volume, lower density of population areas to expand the distribution of electronic payment products. There are other countries that have done similar things. They call them differently. In Mexico, for example, the correspondent banking network does something similar where you could put the ability to have a terminal in a retail store in a small town in Mexico, and that could be used for both simple deposits and simple withdrawals. So different countries have gone to different extents on this, and it's been going on for quite a few years. The specifics of Paytm are the following. Paytm mostly till now has been operating as a closed-loop prepaid wallet. So they've got to build their own acceptance, which is challenging. Now the input into the wallet was credit, debit, and bank accounts, a bit like PayPal of old. That's a staged wallet. As you know, we don't think staged wallets provide transparency for either the merchant or the consumer or the bank, but that's a different challenge. But what they were basically doing was a prepaid closed-loop wallet. When the government announced the demonetization, clearly whichever outlet you were accepted in and if you spent a lot of effort to grow your acceptance, which is one of the things they're going to do with whatever money they are now getting injected into themselves over the next few months, depending on what deal finally gets struck by new investors, they're going to try and expand their acceptance. Meanwhile, the payment bank side of them is currently a different legal entity. I don't exactly know how that will work out over time and how it will get connected into Paytm or not. But they're going to have to use – at that point in time they're going to have to think about an open-loop system. That's part of the payment bank system. So this is going to be an interesting movement, and we're clearly talking to them. We think they're interesting partners, as I'm sure other networks are. And that's where they are right now. So I don't know if that's a clear enough answer, but it's a moving dynamic on the ground there in India. My general view of all such players is that you've got work with them as partners because they're a channel for a consumer to reach either another consumer or a merchant, and that puts us in the middle of those payment flows. And with ACH capabilities if you could go into countries and start offering them, it puts us even better in the middle of those the same flows while at the same time developing our own alternatives in the form of Masterpass with a full suite of capabilities over time for a consumer and bank to use, whether it be card rails or ACH rails or Mastercard Send. And that's the way can I think about this, a fully competitive, open-loop system driven on the quality of service and driven on the quality of other services that you can attach to them, whether it be fraud management or processing or loyalty or data analytics. And that's why you see our strategy the way we're working on it.
Warren Kneeshaw - MasterCard, Inc.: Operator, I believe we have time for one more question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paulo Ribeiro from BMO. Your line is open.
Paulo E. Ribeiro - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, a couple of quick questions here, one on the processing side. Can you tell us a little about the opportunity that you see in Europe? You've mentioned in the past that the separation of scheme and processing could offer an opportunity. And second, in the U.S., we saw last year some problems with the Green Dot rollout. Can you give us an update where you are and again where you see opportunities here? And if we can squeeze just a quick one on VocaLink, you guided in the past to $0.10 dilution for the 24 months after. Is that still the case because you mentioned the impact on 2017 obviously? Thank you.
Martina Hund-Mejean - MasterCard, Inc.: On VocaLink, Paulo, its $0.05 to $0.06 dilution for the year.
Paulo E. Ribeiro - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, so it's just – so 2018, you're not talking about 2018 yet.
Martina Hund-Mejean - MasterCard, Inc.: No, we are not talking about 2018 at this point in time. But typically, something like this takes about two years to integrate. So I wouldn't be surprised if it's probably another $0.05 in 2018. But 2017 is $0.05 to $0.06. I said $0.05 before, and you might wonder because we now have only eight months of integration versus 12 months that we had under the underlying $0.05. Why is it roughly still the same number? Our team is actually trying to get in eight months the same work on integration done that we had otherwise thought that we would need to take 12 months. So it's going to be very similar costs that we're going to put into those eight months versus what we had in the 12 months.
Ajay Banga - MasterCard, Inc.: On the processing and switching side, honestly I'm assuming you're referring mostly to Europe. But in Europe, we're pretty confident and comfortable with the way in which we are managing the clarity that the European Commission has provided on the rules on what's meant to be handled in that space. And as you know, they insisted on a certain kind of separation. We think we've done a pretty good job of managing those. I don't feel that there is a lot of headwind against us on that topic. Our teams are aligned on the ground correctly, meaning they're not supposed to do certain things together. They're supposed to report separately. All that is set up and moving at full speed. We have not got any hesitation on that front. For the rest of processing, we're continuing to do some really interesting things there. I read out in my prepared remarks the example with General Motors and Mastercard Payment Gateway Services. There are examples like that in the prepaid space. That's the Green Dot part that you're referring to. We are actually rolling along well with those conversions, and there are examples of that type in the Travelex prepaid program management that we bought. I read that out in my opening remarks as well to give you an example of how they're using it for prepaid travel. So in general, life is progressing well in the processing and switching space.
Paulo E. Ribeiro - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you.
Warren Kneeshaw - MasterCard, Inc.: Thank you. Ajay, do you have any final comments?
Ajay Banga - MasterCard, Inc.: Sure. First of all, just thank you all for your questions, and a couple of closing thoughts. The first one, I hope you got the sense we're off to a good start to the year. We understand what we've got to get done for the rest of the year. And as Martina has made some effort to point out to you, we understand how the dynamics of revenue for the year will move. We are spending money on Masterpass again in the second quarter. Don't forget that. That's a good thing. It's helping us build our awareness and our capabilities on Masterpass, all with good underlying fundamentals. What I'm really excited about is the capabilities that our recent acquisitions are bringing, and we're looking forward to developing new revenue streams and driving growth. We recognize that VocaLink has a very vital role to play in the UK payments ecosystem. You should know, we have committed to maintaining the appropriate stewardship of that very important asset, hence my comment and Martina's comment about focusing on integrating it the right way. But at the same time, we are going to be looking for opportunities to leverage their capabilities elsewhere in the world, and we're just very excited about having completed that acquisition in a relatively quick timeframe. We really appreciate your continued support of the company. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc. Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc. Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.
Analysts: Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Jason Alan Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Lisa D. Ellis - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carol, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Mastercard Fourth Quarter Full Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. I would now like to turn the call over to Warren Kneeshaw, Head of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Thank you, Carol. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2016 earnings call. With me today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. It is only then that the queue will open to accept registrations. You can access on the earnings release in the slide deck that accompany this call in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was filed with the SEC earlier this morning. Our comments today regarding our financial results will be on a currency-neutral basis and excludes special items unless otherwise noted. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their GAAP equivalents. As a reminder, as we initiated last quarter, we've also added the table the end of both documents which provide additional information about the impact of Article 8 of the EU's recent payment regulation on our GDV and purchase volume growth rates. Our comments on the call will be on the basis of rates adjusted for these impacts. In addition, we are introducing a new name for what we previously referred to as processed transactions. Going forward, we will now refer to these as switched transactions. Our methodology for calculating this metric has not changed. We are simply changing the name to more explicitly align with the information provided, that is transaction counts that Mastercard has authorized, cleared or settled or in other words switched. This is distinct from transaction where we provided value-added processing services, such as issuer or acquiring solutions which extend our capabilities beyond switching. There is no change to our nomenclature for transaction processing fees as these include switching fees, connectivity fees as well as other processing fees. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, I'd like to remind everyone that today's call will include forward-looking statements regarding Mastercard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at end of our press release and in our recent SEC filings. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 30 days. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Ajay Banga. Ajay?
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Thank you, Warren, and good morning everybody. And this is Warren's first call and as you noticed in his first call he's made the first change of changing nomenclature from processed to switch. So welcome to the place. Our business continues to perform well. We're very pleased to have delivered a strong result for the year driven by solid execution of our strategy. For the quarter, our net revenue growth was 10%, EPS growth 7% or 31% EPS when you normalize for taxes. And what those numbers mean for the full year of 2016 is we saw net revenue growth of 13% and EPS growth of 11%, or 19% when normalized for taxes. We continue to see bright spots as well as some areas of concern in the global economy in the US. Post-election optimism remains relatively high. Consumer confidence, unemployment, wages all seem to be holding steady. It's still too early to tell what impact any new policy proposals might have on the US or other economies. But like all of you, we're expecting to see initiatives around taxation, regulation, infrastructure spending and trade. And in fact on regulation, you've all seen the recent executive order talking about taking out two regulations for every one proposed. Turning to Europe, the economic recovery is persistent in many markets throughout the prior year, throughout 2016, led by Germany. And the prospects for this coming year of 2017 seem encouraging as economic sentiment and unemployment continue to improve. The UK appears to be stable. We're seeing continued growth in travel to the country as a result of the weaker pound, and it's going to take a few years obviously to work through the specifics of how Brexit is implemented. So, we remain watchful of the implications of that on the UK and broadly on the EU. In Asia, we remain cautious, largely as a result of the prolonged slowdown in China. In India, the government has recently implemented a plan to address its parallel economy and to help drive the shift from cash to electronic forms of payment. Given the heavy reliance on cash in that economy, this is expected to soften consumer spending in the short term, but could well fuel economic growth and modernize the payment system in the long term. In Australia, both consumer and business confidence remain weak. While Brazil's economy appears to be emerging slowly from a deep recession. The road to recovery for Brazil is expected to be long, as there is still political uncertainty. So with that as the backdrop, what are we doing is to continue to focus on executing our strategy and growing our business. We're seeing double digit volume and transaction growth across most of our markets. We're continuing to win deals by leveraging our service offerings. On the legal front, we received positive news yesterday regarding the judgment on our case for ten retailers in the United Kingdom representing approximately 40% of our existing damages exposure. We're delighted that the UK court found that Mastercard's interchange fees do not restrict competition, and actually are necessary for the functioning of the payment system. So finally, on the legal side, still let me provide you with a brief update about our planned acquisition of VocaLink. We've been working with the UK competition regulator to secure approval of the transaction, and we're really pleased as they have accepted in principle our proposed solution to address their one concern regarding the LINK ATM scheme. And we're now looking forward to working with the regulator for final approval of that solution. We expect to close the transaction sometime in the spring of 2017. So now, let's move on to a few highlights from 2016 and some of our recent business activity. Overall, 2016 was a year that had its economic and regulatory challenges, but I think we've navigated those successfully while putting significant points on the board as a result of our investments in digital, in safety and security, in data analytics, loyalty and processing. This last quarter, we continued our momentum in the US, pleased to have renewed a number of deals including SunTrust Bank for their credit, debit and commercial business, which, by the way, includes Labs as a service to help drive their innovation agenda, as well as the First National Bank of Omaha, one of the largest private banks in the US, for their credit and commercial portfolios. In addition, we've given you several examples in the past as to how we've been extending our capabilities beyond switching into processing, back to Warren's clarification, enabling us to drive more deals and touch more transactions. This quarter, we've renewed agreements with USAA for debit card processing services and with Jack Henry & Associates to provide processing solutions for credit, debit and commercial to their more than 10,000 clients. Outside of the US, we're continuing to make significant progress as well. In Europe – I'm just giving you a few examples by the way – in Europe, we signed Amazon for their credit co-brand business in the UK, renewed our debit agreement with ABN AMRO, one of the largest banks in the Netherlands. In Latin America, we signed a new deal with Caixa in Brazil for credit and debit, which also includes Advisor services. Additionally, we renewed agreements with Bancolombia for credit and debit with a focus on affluent, as well as with Santander in Mexico for credit, debit and commercial, and a flip of their commercial business in Brazil, while in Asia we renewed our agreement with the Commonwealth Bank of Australia, the largest bank in that country. Finally, while discussing these, let me touch on the domestic opportunity for China. We continue to speak with the regulators there to better understand the entry requirements, and to clarify our options and how best to approach that market. In the meanwhile, what we're doing is focusing on driving single branded card issuance. We're pleased to add Bank of China this quarter, bringing the total number of programs for single branded card issuance launched in 2016 to 44, with more than 10 banks. All of these are aimed at driving cross-border spend with the country's growing affluent segment. So let me move on to digital. As we've often said, that this is a marathon not a sprint. But I believe we are executing well against our strategy, and have made some good progress in 2016, and starting at Masterpass, where we continue to focus on driving both user adoption and acceptance. We've talked to you about our Digital by Default strategy, which basically enables issuers to auto-enroll cardholders through their online banking app, and helps to drive scale, but at the same time keeps the issuer at the center of their consumer relationship. We're pleased to have achieved our stated goal of enabling 80 million accounts by the end of 2016. The services have been rolled out globally with several banks, including Bank of America, Capital One, Citi, Nordea, and the Commonwealth Bank of Australia. With a healthy pipeline to build on this momentum in 2017, we've also added five new Masterpass markets in 2016, bringing the total to 34. Last year, Masterpass became the first digital payment service to work across all devices and channels, which helped drive acceptance and enabled consumers to shop online, in-store, or in app using a bank-branded offering from the issuer of their choice. So from an acceptance standpoint, we've added roughly 80,000 new merchants, bringing the total to about 340,000 for online and in-app purchases, as well as more than 6 million locations in about 80 countries that allow contactless payments. This quarter, we're pleased to announce partnerships with Dunkin' Donuts, Walgreens, Gulf Oil, Wyndham Hotels, and so on. Last quarter, we highlighted our agreement with the Ecobank Group to roll out Masterpass QR. That's a mobile person-to-merchant service across 33 African countries. This quarter, we're building on that momentum. We've partnered with SnapScan, a mobile QR-based payment solution backed by Standard Bank in South Africa, as well as the Government of India and RBL Bank to add a combined 40,000 merchants who will now be able to accept secure digital payments quickly and without the expense of a traditional POS terminal. So let me move on to Mastercard Send. This past year, we highlighted our partnership with Green Dot and Uber, Stripe and Lyft as well as Allstate, and how they are using the platform to make convenient and secure payments to drivers, delivery people, and claimants, among others. This quarter we added Wells Fargo Bank, who will leverage Mastercard Send for their treasury and merchant services customers. So let's keep going a little bit with the partnerships in digital. This past year, we helped Apple Pay, Android Pay, Samsung Pay and Microsoft Wallet to expand to several new countries. We've added Spain, Ireland, Poland, Russia, and Hong Kong, bringing the total to 17 markets around the globe where consumers can use one or more of these services. We also enabled several of them to allow their consumers to shop online, in-app, and check out using their same MDES tokenized login credentials at the hundreds of thousands of merchants around the world where Masterpass is accepted. And by doing that, obviously this also benefited our merchant partners, as they did not have to do any additional development work to support these services. Finally, as part of the innovation agenda, we've been looking at ways to combine digital payments with artificial intelligence to create better and more personalized experiences for consumers. And to give you an example, this past year we launched an AI bot platform, which is similar to human interaction and enables consumers to buy products via messaging platforms like Facebook Messenger and check out using Masterpass. So building on that theme of AI, we've also launched Decision Intelligence, one of our safety and security products which uses machine learning to score transactions based on an individualized risk profile in order to reduce false declines, while at the same time mitigating potential fraud. That brings me to services. And remember, our focus on services is in delivering capabilities that connect right back to our core business, providing great value and competitive differentiation to our clients while giving us an incremental revenue stream. I think we've made significant progress in this area in the prior year. Still, let me quickly run through a few examples, starting with safety and security, which has been a key area of focus for us this past year. We continued the rollout of our leading biometric authentication product, Identity Check, fondly known as selfie pay, to 16 markets around the world, in addition to the launch of Decision Intelligence, which I just mentioned. On the data analytics front, since the acquisition of APT, we've integrated the sales and product organizations at APT with Advisors to drive significant benefits. We've added more than 60 organizations who have subscribed to the APT platform in recurring subscription-based contracts. So in addition to McDonald's, which we mentioned in the past, we got JCPenney and Duracell in the US, Asahi Breweries in Japan, Thomas Cook in the UK. In fact, there were 28 deals in total that were additive to APT's business as usual efforts. So with assets like these, we not only deliver great insight, we're actually building even stronger relationships with our merchant partners as well. So with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Martina for an update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning everyone. Starting on page 3, you will see we have delivered another strong quarter. Overall, the results were in line with our expectations. However, as reported net revenues were impacted by the stronger US dollar versus our assumptions when we talked last to you in November. The figures on this chart exclude the impact of a special item. So, here are a few highlights. Unless otherwise stated, the growth numbers I call out will be on a currency neutral basis. Net revenue growth was 10% and operating expenses declined by 1%. This resulted in strong operating income growth of 23%. EPS was $0.86, up 7% year-over-year, driven primarily by our strong operating performance. Share repurchases contributed $0.03 per share. As a reminder, the tax rate was much lower in the year-ago quarter, primarily due to discrete tax benefits in 2015. And when you normalize for that in both periods, Ajay already told you that the EPS growth was 31% for the quarter. Lastly, cash flow from operations was $1 billion. So, let me turn to page 4, where you can see the operational metrics for the fourth quarter. Worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV growth, was 9% on a local currency basis, down 2 PPT from last quarter, primarily driven by the rolloff of one agreement in the US and lower cash volume in India. As a result of the government's initiative in India that Ajay already mentioned, ATM cash withdrawals in the short term have declined more than the growth that we saw in purchase volumes. However, purchase volumes in India was up significantly, 75% year over year, and over time, these volumes are expected to continue to ramp as acceptance grows. US GDV grew 3%, made up of credit and debit growth of 4% and 1%, respectively. And outside of the US, volume growth was 11%. Cross-border volume grew 13% on a local currency basis, up 1 PPT from the 12% we saw in the third quarter. Turning to page 5. Switched transactions grew 17% globally to $15.2 billion with double digit growth in all regions other than the US. Globally, there are 2.3 billion MasterCard and Maestro branded cards issued. Let me turn to page 6 for highlights on a few of the revenue line items, again described on a currency-neutral basis unless otherwise noted. Net revenue growth was 10%, driven by an increase in switched transactions, domestic and cross-border volume, as well as utilization of our services offerings. Rebates and incentives grew 21%, reflecting higher volumes and increased incentives for new and renewed deals. Looking quickly at the individual line items for revenue. Domestic assessments grew 7%, while worldwide GDV grew 9%, the difference being primarily due to unfavorable mix. Cross-border volume fees grew 10% while cross-border volume grew 13%. The 3 PPT gap is mostly due to higher intra-Europe growth. Transaction processing fees grew 17%, in line with the 17% growth we saw in switched transactions. And finally, other revenue grew 20%, driven primarily by Advisors and our safety and securities services. On page 7, you can see that expenses remained generally steady in each subcategory. Excluding the special item, total operating expenses declined 1% on a currency-neutral basis with ongoing cost management activities offsetting our continued investments in strategic initiatives. So I'm going to turn now to slide 8 and let's discuss what we have seen in January through January 28, where most of our drivers are slightly better when compared to Q4. The numbers through January 28 are as follows. Starting with switched volume, we saw global growth of 10%. That's similar to the 10% growth we saw in the fourth quarter, with double digit growth in each region outside the US. In the US, switched volume grew 3%, down less than 1 PPT from the fourth quarter, with higher growth in credit programs, but lower growth in debit programs. Gas had slightly less than a 1 PPT positive impact to our January growth. Switched volume outside the US grew 18%, up 1 PPT from the fourth quarter, with higher growth in each region. Globally, switched transactions growth was 19 %, up 2 PPT from what we saw in the fourth quarter, primarily due to growth in India, Brazil, Venezuela and Russia. Switched transaction growth outside the US was up 3 PPT, while the US growth was similar to Q4. With respect to cross-border, volumes grew 14% globally, slightly higher than the fourth quarter. Turning to our performance objectives for 2016 to 2018, we continue to expect to grow net revenue CAGR at a low double digit rate, deliver an operating margin of at least 50% in each year, and drive an EPS CAGR in the mid teens. As a reminder, these objectives are on a currency-neutral basis, exclude special items and M&A, and are normalized for tax. We are off to a solid start in 2016 as we delivered net revenue growth of 13%, exceeded our minimum operating margin target and grew EPS by 19% using normalized tax rates for 2015 and 2016. As is our historical practice, we will update you on our longer-term expectations at our Annual Investor Community Meeting. Now turning to 2017, we expect the global economic outlook to be similar to what we saw last year, and we expect foreign exchange to remain a headwind to our business. However, our underlying business fundamentals remain strong with a number of factors driving revenue, including growth in our core business driven by a mix of new deals, renewed agreements and the expansion of our differentiated service offerings. We expect net revenue to grow at a low double digit rate on a currency-neutral basis, consistent with our three year performance objective. And when you model on an as-reported basis adjusting for the FX impact of all currencies, we estimate there would be a headwind of a little more than 2 PPT to net revenue growth and 3 PPT to the bottom line given the current strength in the dollar relative to the euro and the British pound, in particular. Our plans assume continued strengthening of the US dollar to about $1.05 to the euro. From a sensitivity standpoint, a $0.01 change in the value of the US dollar relative to the euro is expected to have just a $30 million annual impact to revenue, considering both transactional and translational foreign exchange effects. We expect net revenue growth in the first half of the year to be lower than the second half of the year, due to higher incentives for new and renewed agreements and the rolloff of one agreement. So for 2017, let me call out several things that you should also consider. For rebates and incentives on an as-reported basis, we currently expect to see about the same 20% growth that we saw in 2016, reflecting the impact of volume growth and deal activity. And on expenses, let me just give you a couple of comments there. In 2017, we're continuing to invest in key long-term growth areas, such as digital, including Masterpass and MDES, safety and security and investing in geographic expansion. Through our ongoing cost management efforts, we expect year over year operating expenses to grow in the high single digit range on a currency-neutral basis, and we expect foreign exchange will have about a 1 PPT benefit to as-reported operating expenses for the year. Also of note, we're accelerating our advertising and marketing spend into the first half of the year to support the rollout of Masterpass. In particular, first quarter A&M spend will be up by about $40 million versus the year ago, quarter. In the other income and expense line, interest expense related to the additional debt we issued in November adds approximately $15 million to our normal underlying run rate of roughly $25 million per quarter. Finally, you should assume a tax rate of 28% to 29%. Now let me turn to Warren to begin the Q&A session.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Thanks, Martina. We're now ready to begin the question-and-answer session. In order to get to as many people as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question. Operator?
Operator: And our first question this morning comes from Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, it's Bryan Keane. Just wanted to talk about rebates and incentives. It looks like it's going to be up 20% again for the second year in a row, so it seems like we have a more consistent pattern. Can you just talk a little bit about that line item versus incentives and renewals at pricing, because we always get a lot of questions about the growth there? Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Sure, Bryan, and good morning. Really, no change from 2016. As you know, back in late 2014 and early 2015, we actually had renewed a couple of agreements that were for a very long term. One was 10 years and one was actually 20 years. And at that point in time, you actually saw the rebates and incentive growth coming up a little bit more because a number of the items that we had in the incentive line had to be amortized in the early part of the agreement – of the term of the agreement, rather than in the later part of the agreement. At that point in time, I said that that will be with us for a number of years, and 2017 happens to be still a year where we're seeing that. In addition, when you put the volume growth that we are actually expecting for the year, when you put all of that together, that will drive the 20% – roughly 20% growth in rebates, incentives versus 2016.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks so much.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Schneider from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could maybe talk a little bit about the impact of any potential pricing actions you've already taken that are going to impact the 2017 revenue guidance and anything that you might be contemplating that's going to roll in and affect the full year?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Jim, actually there's fairly little impact from pricing actions in our 2017 numbers. As you know, we really look at pricing from a long-term perspective. It has to be strategic. We are doing that every year, depending where the market environments are; but for 2017, there's relatively little comprehended.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Don Fandetti from Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yes, good morning. Ajay, your guidance for 2017 still has pretty attractive low double digits net revenue growth. As we look around the world and we see a lot more direct out of bank account type payments from Alipay, and you see what's going in the U.S., are you still as constructive on a secular growth opportunity as you have been?
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Yes, I absolutely am. Remember that in the retail business alone, the consumer to retail payments, 85% of the world's retail payments are still cash and check. So, there's a lot of opportunity there, first; second, there's the whole commercial space that's got a great deal of opportunity that we've been assiduously building on; third, we've got our services revenue; and fourth, we've actually beginning to participate in the direct to bank account payments once the VocaLink acquisition is complete. So, to me, we're building the right portfolio to take on the opportunities that this secular growth represents over the next decade, not just one or two years.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Kupferberg from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jason Alan Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC: Good morning. Thanks, guys. So just thinking about the three-year performance objectives, and we're still talking about the mid teens kind of EPS growth in constant currency. I mean, you did 19% on this as adjusted basis in 2016, so I guess there's some implied deceleration in 2017 and 2018, unless the guidance proves to be a little bit conservative. So, can you just remind us what would potentially drive that. Is it just kind of expense timing or other factors?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Look, Jason, we're only one year into our three-year performance period, so at this point in time we're not yet refreshing our performance objectives. And typically, as you know, we're doing that in September at our Investor Meeting; so, we believe it's too early. You see that we are thinking that we are going to put really good points on the board for 2017, and I don't think you should be reading into anything for 2018.
Jason Alan Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, good morning. Ajay, I want to put you on the spot and ask for your thoughts on how some of Trump's initiatives might impact Mastercard's business, like cross-border activity or thoughts on deregulation and Durbin and whatnot. Thanks.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Who allowed you to ask that question, Tien-Tsin?
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I don't know, figured just for giggles and fun. Everything looked clean, so let's ask you a tough one.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: It's nice to hear from you. So, I think that it's early days to talk in great depth about what all could happen, but I'll tell you my views that are on the positive side of this, and then you can see, obviously, through the news that there are people who are concerned as well about the negative side of it. The positive side of it to me, his regulatory announcement, the fact that he seems genuinely concerned about the manner in which regulations enacted are creating millstones for business, both small and large, to grow in the U.S. I think that's pretty clear, and he is definitely committed to helping make it easier for businesses to open, operate and run profitably in the system. Now, what that means specifically for a company like ours, or for merchants or for banks who are in our ecosystem, I don't yet know, because you'll only get to know that over a period of time. My general belief is that, certainly, it'll help both of the other parties, the merchants and the banks, in the ecosystem in different ways. They'll end up winning on some and losing on some. I just don't know which ones will go where. I do know that in an environment which talks about regulation being something you need to watch carefully so that you enact the right kind of regulation, but you don't stifle innovation and growth, that could lead to definitely a constructive view. That's kind of where I'm coming from. I don't yet know, specifically, how it will impact our company or those in our immediate ecosystem. I do believe that in the space of infrastructure, there will be some form of investment or the other funded in some form or the other into infrastructure, both physical and digital, in our country. I believe that will only increase the velocity of money in the country. That will be helpful for a company like ours, both in retail and commercial payments. So, I look forward actually to that, both as a direct impact on our company, but also, frankly, traveling the way I do and the way most of you do, the infrastructure in our country could do with the benefit of a sustained investment program, both in physical and digital. So, I think that's important. The aspects of taxes, there's all kinds of discussions floating around about what kind of tax rate. I'm talking corporate taxes right now. What kind of corporate tax rates could come to if it comes down from the current level that we're paying, which as Martina told you, 28%, 29%. If it comes down to anything below that, you should expect us as a company to benefit from it directly to the bottom line. There's rumors that it will go to 20% or 25%. You can put your own probability factor on which one. I think there's lots of things to be worked out about how you pay for that reduction in taxes and what impact that has, border taxes, adjustments of import and export circumstances. All of these have implications for us as a company. Mostly we are a net exporter of service rather than a net importer of service as a company, because of the fact that so much of our back office and our technology and our product development has historically been developed in the United States with US IP. We do have a lot overseas. We do have stuff in Asia. We do have stuff in Dublin and Europe, but net, I think you will find us to be a net exporter rather than a net importer. So I guess on all of those aspects on taxes to regulatory to infrastructure, I can find ourselves finding this to be net positive for our company over the next four to five years.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. I appreciate that.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: The aspects of trade, Tien-Tsin, as you know, my normal approach to trade is that I continue to believe that the United States is way too large a marketplace for companies and businesses to feel that they shouldn't be involved with having on-soil presence and on-soil activity and frequent travel in and out by business executives alike. So, I consider the US to be too attractive for that to change dramatically. I do believe like everybody else that in the corporate world, there are a lot of us have built our business on the freer flow of cross-border trade, data and people. If that were to change over time, that would be a problem, but I don't believe that that's what the administration wants to do. They want to grow the economy. The economy is not going to grow without the right inputs in the right places. It may change specifics of the way trade gets enacted, but I continue to be relatively bullish on where this economy could go over the next four to five years.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good. Thank you.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: You're welcome. Don't ask questions again, man.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks, good morning. I guess, Ajay, I want to talk about the European market. I think I heard you say you guys won the Amazon co-brand relationship. But just maybe you could talk broadly about the competitive environment with Visa in that market in a broader way, as well as PSD2 and then lapping the interchange changes, as well. Thanks.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Sure. So, the interchange changes have already gone, and as you know, some time back, and so have all the other rules that went with it, including the co-badging. And that's why there's an Article 8 and Article 7 implications. They're all baked into our earnings calls for the last two, three quarters. First of all, I actually am beginning to see an expansion in acceptance, for sure, across the EU, probably facilitated by the lower interchange rates that merchant who earlier were reluctant to accept electronic payments are now willing to do so. That's for sure. That's a good thing. There is obviously an impact on bank P&Ls caused by the lower interchange rates. Every bank, as you know, is working on other ways to find ways to get to their P&L again. That includes fees. It includes services. It includes alternative products. It includes an emphasis on commercial in some cases. There's a whole series of actions that banks in different countries across Europe have been taking to try and find a way to put some energy back into their P&L. My sense on the other aspects, PSD2, as you know, it's still two or three years away from fully being implemented. 2018 is when it starts hitting the road. But there's a lot of energy and a lot of passion going into preparing for it. I actually believe that VocaLink could play a very instrumental role for banks in the EU to help them actually find a way to navigate through PSD2 and to maintain scheme-like look and feel to the ability to create payments in a way that they can manage through their customer relationships and their chargebacks and their fraud management and the like. So, I believe that to be an essential part of our strategy for Europe. On the Visa, Visa European competitive environment, honestly, it's still very early days. They've just about closed. As you know, they're going through their own adjustments across the world on catering for that acquisition. We're in the marketplace, looking at what anything happens in the market on either pricing, in which case we may have some opportunity, or on volume growth and share growth, which we continue to pursue and we're continuing to win some deals in Europe. So, it's kind of early days. We're in the game. We're looking at everything. We'll see how it goes.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Yeah, so let me just add something. As you know, economic growth in Europe is generally much lower than what we're seeing here in the United States, though when you actually look at our numbers, in terms of we are producing high double digit growth, both in volume and in transactions in Europe, right. I mean close to 20% for each of those numbers. There are really two factors that fuel that growth. One is secular trend. A lot of parts in Europe outside of the UK are still using a lot of cash. And secondly, the market share gains that Ajay was referring to that Javier, our President, and his team have been able to gain over many, many years, we don't really expect to see much changes to that. We think that we continue to grow in that way, going forward for a number of years to come.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thank you.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Jeffrey from SunTrust. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Martina, I think you mentioned that, at least quarter to date in the US, you're seeing faster relative credit growth, volume growth. Can you just speak to whether or not you think that's cyclical or if there's a change in consumer behavior or if it's simply transitory?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Andrew, I think it would be hard in four weeks to be really figuring out what is going on. In there we saw a little bit of a decline in the fourth quarter, now we're seeing a little bit of a snap back. So, I can't really point that to a consumer story or to another story. I think it's just a typical trend at this point in time.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Friedman from Susquehanna. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hi. I wanted to ask again about the now famous commentary and slide from the September 7 Investment Community Meeting, the one about services, Martina. In that one you disclosed services as a percentage of total revenue and the margin trajectory. I know, Ajay, you called out some of the trends that you're seeing on the security side. But what is your forward expectation on services? Do you think the future growth will parallel that that we've seen in the recent past?
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: So, I continue to believe that the entire services space, remember, there's a set of different businesses inside it. So, there's safety and security, there's Advisors in the consulting business. There's the information services and data analytical space. There's the space of loyalty and rewards and there's processing, which actually allows us to get a role to play in many of the other services we want to be participating in. They've all got different growth rates and trajectories. Safety and security happens to be one of the fastest growing, along with information and data analytics. That's because one, they're intertwined, but two, that's a very important topic right now for consumers, merchants and banks. And I believe we have cutting-edge products that are differentiated and are capable of helping institutions across the world plug in and help them manage potential fraud while work on declines, and so help them really maximize their P&L in attractive ways when they're looking for revenue. So, I continue to believe those two will be very attractive growth areas over the next five to ten years. Our processing grows when we win deals, but processing, and when we get into more footprints, processing tends to be a very local business. It has some global transferability, but it tends to be quite local. And therefore, it tends to have also a different margin profile than safety and security and information analytics because local means you've got to build locally and that creates its own expense profile. We also tend to make more money out of the transactions we see rather than in the processing business itself. So, it tends to be a input into deal winning rather than part of the revenue cycle as much as the others. The loyalty business is actually very interesting. We started with a relatively good platform in MasterCard Rewards. We've added to it over the years with merchant funded rewards by buying into Truaxis in California and buying into Pinpoint in Australia. We're actually getting some nice wins in that space and we continue to believe that the loyalty and rewards space will be a good growth area and a good sticky area with our customers. So, do I see this as being a relatively attractive growth area, a faster percentage of growth than our core business? Probably, because it's off a smaller base as well. Do I see this changing dramatically over the next couple of years? No, but beyond that, we'll see. This is a live area. We're investing in it both organically and inorganically, so it's kind of a live growing segment for us.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Jamie, interesting that you're referring to the now famous charts. I think I have not heard that term that way. But just to leverage off Ajay's comments, we have really not changed our story on this. We are very encouraged in what we have seen in the rest part of the year since September. You know it's about 25% of our total revenues. That has not changed in a material manner. You know that exuding acquisitions, the growth was roughly 14% for those kinds of services. We believe that these services can continue to deliver great growth. And as we're scaling those services, we will be able to expand some of the margins on those services. Again, that was on the chart. So, story hasn't changed and we believe that in 2017 some of the thoughts that I've put down for you does include exactly that kind of growth trajectory. By the way, I have to correct one number. I said 14% organic growth. It's 18% organic growth that we actually saw when we talked in September.
James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: (46:26) Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dave Koning from Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey guys, thanks. And, I guess my main question, I guess transaction and other both grew about 20%, those two segments last year. And you kind of answered that other will continue to grow pretty fast, but then assessments and cross-border both grew more like 8% to 11%. Is that sort of mix that those two faster growth segments will continue to be transaction other and then assessments and cross-border continue to be a little on the slower side of your total company growth?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Yeah, I think that is a trend that we have been seeing now a number of times. And there's a number of things happening. First of all, when you look outside of the United States, we have been growing in a number of countries such as India and Brazil and Russia, et cetera, where you're typically seeing lower volume coming per transaction, but more transactions. And then in the United States, as you might remember from last year, which also helped us in the fourth quarter, we saw more PIN transactions because of the number of deals that we have been doing. Again, that adds to the transactions. You don't really see that showing up in as big of a mover, needle mover on the volume side.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: And those PIN transactions go up and down, as we've told you a few times. There's months and quarters when they are growing faster. That tends to be a more, it's almost a weekly and daily issue that we deal with. But, if you're talking about generally long-term trends, you should expect that the two will grow faster than the other two. The fact is that even at 8% or 10%, core payment transaction growth of 8% or 10% is attractive. That reflects the secular change as well as all the day-to-day activities that Martina just referred to.
David J. Koning - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thank you very much. Wanted to ask a question, maybe for Ajay and Martina combined, around the opportunity to support some of the other new payment schemes that are emerging in different countries around the world, including RuPay, et cetera. I know you've talked a little bit in the past about the opportunity to provide services to some of these new payment schemes. Can you just expound on that, as to how you think about that opportunity set and how important those new partnerships could be to continuing to drive services growth? Thank you very much.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Well, there have been for years in the industry these alternative payment schemes to the global networks. In fact, I used to say that our competition is not just the global networks. And of course, it's not just cash that we've been talking about for a while, but it's also these local payment schemes country by country. Europe had a number of them. Mexico has them. Canada had them. Australia has them. Russia now has it post the sanctions in the Crimean circumstances. India has launched RuPay and UID. China's always had one, called China UnionPay, which kind of most people know lots about. And so, in every marketplace there have been these schemes. These schemes are either owned by the local banks or by governments in some cases, so CUP is owned by the Chinese government, whereas a lot of the other schemes are owned by local bank associations. Cartes Bancaires in France, for example, is owned by the French banks. They play different roles. They play roles where they will look at all the debit transactions locally. Others, like CUP, all domestic transactions are mandated to go through them, and so on. So, there's a whole range of these. What we've been trying to do is to go back into marketplaces that we believe that the existence of these schemes is, one, either creating an imbalance in the market or holding back growth, and attempt to either work with the government or the banks to find ways to either partner with those schemes or find ways to change the laws around those schemes so that you can have a more open marketplace, which should benefit merchants and should benefit banks and should benefit consumers. And we've had different degrees of success over the years. The European Union, as you know, through its directives over the years in PSD and – what is it called, the other one? The European Special?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: SEPA.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: SEPA. I get mixed up between SEPA and SIPA (51:07); but, SEPA. Those have created opening up of these schemes for people like us to be able to play. I continue to believe that the model will be a mix of all of those. The one you're specifically getting at is more like the Russian model, where there is a domestic payment scheme generated and created, and we have helped them put their technology together and connect with them and provide services that are value added from safety, security, cross-border approvals, transaction management to information and data, which are provided by our better capable systems than they have of their own. And the fact that we see global transactions and they tend to see localized transactions adds a long-term value differentiator between what we can provide and what a local scheme can provide. It's the same with the RuPays of the world or others. We're always looking for ways to cooperate with them, in some cases successfully, in others not so. I'm sorry it's not a clear answer because this is not a clear space. It's a space that evolves and breathes and lives every day and week depending on the circumstances of a marketplace. And you should just know that our country managers on the ground have this as one of the major objectives in their evaluations, and the decisions in how they get paid.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lisa Ellis from Bernstein. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Lisa D. Ellis - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. good morning. In keeping with the theme of putting Ajay on the hot seat this morning, do you mind commenting on how you see Mastercard's relationship with Alipay and Ant Financial evolving, like friend, foe, frenemy, both in the context of China, India and expanding elsewhere in the world?
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Well, in China right now there's nothing to say because we are still waiting for clarity on how we could be partners domestically in China. Having said that, we have had a relationship with Alipay and Alibaba for the last couple of years on helping them think through how to use our technology to figure out different aspects of their own service, including the detection of fraud products on their website. Some of that relationship has worked well. Some of it, it depends on the energy on both sides of the partnership to implement that. I consider different forms of payment to all be competitive, but also conducive to the bigger challenge of fighting the 85% that is still cash and check in retail payments; and that's always been my stance and I haven't changed. So, I've had the same view of PayPal. I have the same view of Alipay. I have the same view of all of these, that I think there's enough place in this market for all of us to play, and there's enough, let's say, challenges in the marketplace for all of us to put our shoulders to it. We've come at it differently. We'll win some deals; we'll lose some deals. But I kind of believe there's enough secular growth opportunity in this space for a lot of us to flourish.
Lisa D. Ellis - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Mihalos from Cowen. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
George Mihalos - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great, thanks for taking my question, guys. Martina, just had a quick question on the guidance as we look at 2017. Obviously in 2016, from a revenue perspective, you outperformed, 13% constant currency top line growth. As we look at 2017, it seems you're implying 11%-ish. Can you just maybe bucket for us what are some of the headwinds, 2016 going into 2017, outside of, obviously, the USAA de-conversion? Thank you.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Yeah, look. It's a number of things that are impacting 2017 or that are driving growth for 2017, as I did say low double digits. You can come to your own conclusion in terms of the specific number. But the combination of one of the agreements, USAA rolling off, as well as quite a few agreements actually rolling on, as well as the growth in our services offerings are all making up the numbers. Also, what I said in my script, so that you guys are all having the right kind of modeling down is we said that the growth rate will be lower in the first half of the year than the second half of the year, and that is obviously impacted in terms of how agreements roll off and roll on.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Brendler from Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Thanks so much, good morning. Can we just talk a little bit more on the ground level of what's happening in India? Where do you stand from an issuing relationship with the major banks? Are you sort of spurring the adoption of alternative payments through terminalization and helping merchant acquirers get terminals out into the market? And I think you noted in the prepared remarks a very substantial increase in volume. I know it's off a low base. Maybe try to size that market for us a little bit over the next couple years would be great. Thank you.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Sure. So, India has only 1.4 million terminals actually at the point of sale, and it tends to be a very cash dominated market. I'd say 95%-plus of the transactions in retail are cash. When the demonetization happened, the two biggest currency notes were taken out of circulation, the INR 500 and the INR 1,000 notes constituted 86% of the currency notes in circulation. That's the shock that is referred to as what could lower consumer spending for a couple of quarters. We saw that because restrictions in cash withdrawal from banks and from ATMs were instituted as the government tried to catch up with the demand for cash. With the new notes, they were printing, those notes had to be put into the market. The ATMs had to be redesigned. Their hoppers had to be redone. Or you can just imagine the level of work in a country where the largest public sector bank has 18,000 branches, and is spread across a relatively large country. So, that's what caused some of the dislocation. Now, 1.4 million merchant terminals. Their point of sale payments can take this, but behavior habits that used those terminals very infrequently. The 75% increase in purchase volume you're seeing is because people began to use their cards more frequently at those very same point of sales terminals. What's going on now is a concerted move to increase the number of point of sales terminals, double plus over the next I'd say three to six months. That work is being done by the acquirers, the banks, the networks, us, Visa, others, but also by the government actively pushing that logic. Second, there's a great deal of partnership with merchant organizations on the ground. The Confederation of All India Traders estimates that there's as many as 60 million casual and regular merchants in India. Even if you were to go from 1.4 million terminals to 5 million acceptance points in the next two years, we're talking 5 million out 60 million. So, there's a long way to go before we get to a ubiquitous terminal acceptance model. There's a lot of work going on on cheaper terminals. QR codes is an example of almost zero cost for terminals for a merchant. We are actively rolling them out. You heard that in my prepared remarks with the Government of India and with RBL and others of that type. We're working actively with issuers, acquirers and the government in short on this topic, but don't expect this to change in a quarter or a month. It is a long fight, and I think the Prime Minister is to be credited for his willingness to take it on, because in the medium to long term, this could be transformative for the way India's economy operates in the recognizable formal economy, as compared to the informal economy, where it's denied taxation and denied credit and denied insurance. I think he's really trying to do something pretty brave here.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks so much.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Operator, I think we have time for one final question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today comes from Darrin Peller from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, guys. Can you just touch on the, first of all, the cross-border volume trends and just bigger picture, what you're seeing regarding sort of the headwinds and tailwinds globally? I know you started touching on that before and saying that maybe there were some elements that might be a little bit slower on the volume side. But I guess I also just want to understand. The cross-border revenue growth rate during the quarter on a constant-currency basis was I think 10% versus volume of 13%. So, is anything going on on pricing or anything else you could explain around that? We'd appreciate it. Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: So first of all, Darrin, on your last question, the difference, the 3 PPT difference was really the relative higher intra-Europe growth, which you know comes at a lower yield versus the inter-regional growth, which typically comes at a higher yield. That's all that's going on. We've seen that going for quite a few quarters, eight quarters or nine quarters. So, there's really nothing else in there. It's really nothing.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: That's Europeans traveling within Europe. That's basically what's going on.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got you.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Europeans are staying closer to home.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Mastercard, Inc.: Right. From an overall cross-border trend point of view, what we have been seeing lately in the fourth quarter was that actually more Chinese, Hong Kongnese, Japanese have been traveling in Asia-Pacific. As well in Latin America, we are starting to see Brazil coming back a little bit more. However, some of that was offset by what's going on in Middle East, Africa, in particular those economies that are hurting because of the low oil price, right. So, you have a particular impact in Nigeria and Qatar and Kuwait, and Saudi Arabia based on that. But when you take all of this together, we are still seeing a very significant cross-border volume growth. And you saw that in the first four weeks of the year that has been going up a little bit more, mostly predominantly to Latin America, so that is the Brazil phenomena. That country is obviously working itself out of a very deep recession and we're seeing some good signs there.
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: The UK is interesting. Inbound into the UK is up substantially. Outbound from the UK is negative. Not just down, negative, substantially. That's because of what happened to the pound versus other currencies. So, it's kind of a mixed bag across the range.
Warren Kneeshaw - Mastercard, Inc.: Thanks, Ajay. Any final comments?
Ajay Banga - Mastercard, Inc.: Sure. Thank you all for your questions, and Tien-Tsin, special thanks to you, buddy. I'll leave you with a couple of closing thoughts. We had a strong year in 2016. Our financial performance was driven by the growth for our core business and our ability to continue to differentiate ourselves with services. That led to significant business wins this year. As I just said in some of the Q&A, the secular growth opportunity in our business remains very strong. India is just a great recent example of this. The actions taken there has the potential to be transformative. We will continue to invest for that future. We're going to shape the payments landscape through innovation and expand into new payment flows, hence the interest in VocaLink and other such efforts, to ensure that we are well positioned for success for many more years to come. Obviously, in terms of what this means for 2017, we're going to remain focused on growing our business by driving the shift from cash to electronic payment, by building new service offerings, by advancing our digital strategy, and hopefully closing in the spring on our acquisition of VocaLink, all this while Martina ensures that we all very carefully manage our expenses. So, we appreciate the continued support of the company and thank you for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Gasper - Head of IR Ajay Banga - President and CEO Martina Hund-Mejean - CFO
Analysts: Jim Schneider - Goldman Sachs Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies Don Fandetti - Citigroup Darrin Peller - Barclays Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus James Friedman - Susquehanna Tom McCrohan - CLSA Chris Donat - Sandler O'Neill Lisa Ellis - Bernstein
Operator: Good day. My name is Jack, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the MasterCard Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Jack. Good morning everyone and thank you all for joining us for a discussion about our third quarter 2016 financial results. With me on the call today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. I’d also like to welcome Warren Kneeshaw, my successor to his first MasterCard earnings call. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask a question. Even if you think you have already dialled into the queue for Q&A, you will need to register again following our prepared comments. This morning's earnings call and the slide deck that will be referenced on the call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our Web site, mastercard.com. Additionally, the release was attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our Web site for 30 days. Both the release and the slide-deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their GAAP equivalents. We’ve also added a table at the end of both documents, which provides additional information about the impact of Article A of the EU’s recent payments regulation on our GDV and purchase volume growth rate. Since we are no longer charging de minimis fees on co-batched domestic volume that doesn’t use our network in markets such as France, this volume is no longer included in our reported volume statistics. We saw the partial impact of this in the second quarter, and now have a full quarter of impact in Q3. A table adjusts growth rates for the impact by eliminating the related co-batched volume in prior periods, so that you can see the underlying run rate of our business. Our comments on the call today will be on the basis of these adjusted rates. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today's call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our recent SEC filings. Now with that, I will now turn the call over to Ajay.
Ajay Banga: Thank you, Barbara. And Barbara, thank you once again for your outstanding decade of work for us. And Warren, welcome to the Company. Good morning everybody. Our business continues to perform well. We are very pleased with our strong results this quarter. As you’ve seen, we delivered net revenue growth of 14% and an EPS growth of 19%, after excluding last year’s special items, which was related to the termination of our U.S. employee pension plan. Our perspective of the economy remains largely unchanged since last quarter. You’ve all seen the U.S. GDP growth report this morning. We’ve continued to believe like we said in the previous quarters that U.S. is on a steady growth path with consumer confidence, unemployment, and wages holding firm, of course, unless something unforeseen occurs coming out of the upcoming elections, but basically the U.S. had a steady growth path. Many markets across Europe are showing a gradual recovery, led by Germany, as economic sentiment holds steady. Unemployment rates are continuing to decline. Although uncertainty from Brexit and its impact on Europe remain a concern, I think it's going to take a few years to understand the full implications. Again, you saw the British GDP report, which kind of sees it holding steady. Interestingly, underlying UK consumer demand remains stable. And in fact as a result of the weaker pound, inbound travel to the UK is picking up over this last quarter. In Asia, the picture is still mixed. In China, both exports and imports were down sharply. And you all know the concerns over inflated asset values. In Australia, however, business confidence is up, and India continues its relatively strong growth trajectory. In Latin America, Brazil, even though is expected to remain in a recession for the near future seems to be bottoming out, and the political environment seems to be stabilizing, which should hopefully improve economic conditions over the next six to 12 months. In Venezuela, the political and fiscal crisis is deepening. In Mexico, the economy continues to expand, but with increasing dependence on consumer spending growth. So in sum, the outlook from the economic side remains mixed. Even so, we’re continuing to grow. We’re seeing double-digit volume and transaction growth across most of our markets. We’re continuing to win deals as we execute against our long-term strategy. So now let me provide you with a brief update from our planned acquisition of Vocalink. The first step is now complete. The European Commission has referred the transaction back to the UK regulator to perform the anti-trust review. The second step, which would be led by the UK regulator, generally has two phases. We are hopeful to complete the review in the first preliminary phase, but it's always possible that this could go into a more detailed second phase. We continue to believe that we can complete this acquisition by about the middle of 2017. So before going on to our business highlights, let me just touch on a few regulatory and litigation items that you all ask us about from time-to-time. So starting with the United States, as you know, the merchant litigation is back in the Brooklyn Court. In the status conference held last week, the court heard arguments on the appointment of class council for merchants. Now as the court appoints that council, we expect the litigation to proceed and we intend to resume the settlement negotiation. But given its complexity, we think this process will take some years to resolve. In the UK, as many of you know, a proposed class action was filed in September on behalf of UK consumers, seeking damages related to interchange fees. The court will set out the timeline for the case soon. We’ve had good experience addressing similar claims in the United States that we believe strongly, that in fact far from being harmed by interchange, UK consumers have in fact benefited significantly. Finally, following legal submissions and an order hearing this past summer, we continue to be in conversations with the European Commission to find the resolution to the 2015 case around our interchange rates on inter-regional cross-border transactions, and the central acquiring rules. So now moving on to some of our recent business activity, you've heard a great deal of all of this from us at the recent Investor Day. You had an opportunity to see first-hand a number of the product and service innovations we are rolling out. So I'm going to stick to very few items this time. We continue to make solid progress in our U.S. consumer business, building on our recent momentum in debit. We’re actually excited to highlight through new deals that deepen and strengthen our existing relationships with both U.S. banks and Regions bank, which have now been expanded to include preferred MasterCard routing for their PIN debit business. Outside of the U.S., we’re actually pleased to have flipped a number of portfolios by continuing to leverage services as a key strategic differentiator. I'm going to give you a couple of examples in Europe. While we're building on the long-term debit-deal we announced last year in Italy with Poste Italian, we are now expanding our partnership by converting a significant portion of their prepaid portfolio. This deal also includes a number of our services such as advisors to help drive their financial inclusion and innovation agendas. Another example with DenizBank which is one of the market leaders in Turkey, to flip their credit business which also leverages advisors. Now the domestic opportunity in China. We're awaiting a more detailed interpretation of the final PBOC regulations, particularly around the newly introduced security provisions and how these would impact our implementation of USAA switching, while protecting our systems and our data. We hope these will be available for the next couple of months. We're continuing to speak with regulators to clarify our options on how best to enter the market. In the meanwhile, we continue to make progress in China by winning a number of new deals with banks, including HSBC, China Construction Bank, ICBC, and Postal Savings Bank. As part of these deals, they will be issuing new single-branded cards, targeted at the country’s growing affluent customer segment and to drive cross-border spend. We have highlighted several key renewals in our commercial business, including Fleet Card and WEX, both of whom are driving B2B and cross-border spends in unique and innovative ways by leveraging virtual cards. We just added two new deals in Europe; one with Credit Suisse, which is focused on the small and medium enterprise segment where MasterCard is the exclusive card provider; the other with UBS, where we're looking forward to deepening our relationship within their corporate banking business. So now onto digital strategy, and over the last several quarters, including at the recent Investor Day, we've given you a number of updates on the significant progress we are making with MasterPass. And just to recall, we're taking two parallel paths. The first is our digital-by-default strategy, which enables issuers to auto enroll cardholders through their online banking apps and also drive scale for us, while keeping issuers at the center of their consumer relationships. We're quite pleased that more than 80 million accounts will be automatically enabled over the next few months. The second is to deliver a digital payment service that works across all devices, all channels, whether that's in-app, online, or in store, and the idea there is to keep growing acceptance by being ubiquitous. So today, I'll discuss a couple of use cases to give you an idea about some of the unique ways we're using MasterPass with our partners around the world. In South Africa, we're working with MTN and Vodacom, two telecom providers who by the way put together have a market share of about 70% to allow their customers to securely pay for air-time minutes from their mobile device using MasterPass. Prior to this, subscribers would either have to stand in long lines at a third-party service location or go to an ATM to transfer funds to the telecom provider and then wait for their accounts to be updated. Since it's launch, more than 4.5 million users have registered for the service, and air-time distribution cost for the mobile network operators have been reduced by as much as 15%. Another example in Europe. We’ve partnered with Czech Railways, the largest rail operator in that country, to integrate MasterPass into their booking app to better compete with new entrants in the transits phase and to modernize mobile ticketing. Again, prior to this, users would have had to enter their card details for each purchase. Since its launched in early 2015, usage has grown significantly, and MasterPass now accounts for nearly 8% of all Czech railways transactions. Both of these examples I hope demonstrate to you that through MasterPass, we're not just enabling digital payments. We're actually trying to get a better consumer experience. From an extension standpoint, MasterPass continues to grow. It's now available at more than 300,000 merchants online and in-app, as well as more than 6 million locations in 77 countries that have now contactless payments. We’re continuing to add new merchants. For example, United Airlines in the U.S., Domino's Pizza and Trenitalia in Europe, KFC in Asia. In addition, last week we signed a memorandum of understanding with the Ecobank Group to roll-out MasterPass QR, a mobile person-to-person merchant service -- the mobile person to merchant service across 33 African countries. This solution would be integrated with their mobile banking platform, will enable users to safely pay for purchases directly from their bank account using a QR code. Again, millions of micro, small, and medium enterprises across Africa will now be able to accept secure digital payments quickly and without the expense of a traditional POS server. So our MasterPass partner centric approach, if you heard Garry Lyons talk about at Investor Day, which is aimed at delivering a seamless consumer experience, benefit issuance, digital players, and merchants. So earlier this week we highlighted that issuers, like Capital One who are already leveraging our digital-by-default approach, are further integrating MasterPass into their wallet offering. Users of the Capital One wallet can now shop online and in-app and check-out using their same MDES tokenized log-in credentials at the hundreds of thousands of merchants around the world where MasterPass is accepted. Similarly, at Money2020, we highlighted an important expansion of our digital partnerships, and starting sometime early next year, Samsung Pay, Android Pay, and Microsoft Wallet, will also enable the same online and in-app consumer experience that I just mentioned. And finally, clearly, merchants also benefit from this. Since we’ve already integrated with MasterPass, there's no additional development work required. It gives them access to the millions of consumers who have already used these other wallet services or will in the future. Meanwhile, we continue to support our partners to extend their reach globally as we recently have Android Pay move into Poland, in fact, as Apply Pay expand into Japan and Russia, both currently exclusive with MasterCard. Finally, we highlighted our recent partnership with Green Dot and Uber, as well as Stripe and Lyft at Investor Day and how they're leveraging the MasterCard Send platform to make convenient and secure payments to drivers, delivery people, and others. We just added Allstate who will leverage MasterCard Send to make claims payments to their customers via a debit card, providing nearly instant access to their funds. So with that, let me turn the call over Martina for an update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks Ajay and good morning everyone. Starting with Page 3, you see there are minimal differences this quarter between non-GAAP reported and currency neutral growth rates. The figures exclude the impact of a special item related to the termination of the U.S. defined pension plan taken last year. As you can see from our numbers, we have delivered another strong quarter. Here are a few highlights. Net revenue growth was 14%. Operating expenses grew 12% as we continue to invest in our strategic initiatives. EPS was up $1.08, up 19% year-over-year, driven primarily by our strong operating performance and a slightly lower tax rate. Also, share re-purchases contributed $0.03 per share. As of October 25th, we have $1.8 billion remaining under our current authorization. Lastly, cash flow from operations was $1.4 billion. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents, and other liquid investments of about $7 billion. So, let's turn to Page 4, where you can see the operational metrics for the third quarter. Just a reminder, as Barbara mentioned, the growth rates I am quoting are adjusted for the impact of the new EU regulations. Our worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV growth, was 11% on a local currency basis, down 2 PPTs from the prior quarter. Overall, our U.S. GDV grew 5%, made up of credit and debit growth of 4% and 6% respectively. As expected, this includes the impact of the USAA roll-off. Total U.S. GDV had less than 1 PPT headwind from lower gas prices. And outside of the U.S., volume growth was 14% on a local currency basis. This is down 1 PPT versus last quarter due to slightly lower growth in each region. Cross-border volume grew 12% on a local currency basis, about 2 PPT higher than the 10% we saw in the second quarter, and driven primarily by commercial travel programs in Europe. Let me turn you to Page 5, and here you see process transactions grew 18% globally to $14.5 billion, which is 4 PPT increase from last quarter, driven primarily by increased PIN routing in the U.S. Globally, the number of cards grew 6% with 2.3 billion MasterCard and Maestro branded cards issued. Let's turn to Page 6 for highlights on a few of the revenue line items. Unless otherwise stated, the growth numbers I call out, both here and on the next slide, are on a currency-neutral basis. The net revenue growth was 14%. We saw a strong volume and transaction growth, plus a higher contribution from some of our services businesses. Rebates and incentives grew 21% due to higher volume and new and renewed deals. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items on a currency neutral basis, domestic assessments grew 10%, essentially in line with worldwide GDV growth. Cross-border volume fees grew 15%, while cross-border volume grew 12%. The 3 PPT gap is due to some pricing actions, partially offset by a higher mix of intra-Europe activity. Transaction processing fees grew 19%, in line with process transaction growth. And finally, other revenue grew 23%, predominantly driven by advisors, safety and security, and loyalty. Moving to Page 7, you can see that excluding last year's special items, total operating expenses increased 12% in the quarter, of which more than 2 PPT is due to the impact of foreign exchange activity and balance sheet re-measurement. The remainder of the increase was primarily due to higher personnel costs as we continue to invest in digital services and geographic expansion, as well as higher data processing costs, in line with our transaction growth, and Russian domestic processing cost to NSP card. Turning to Slide 8, let's discuss what we've seen in October through the 21st. Most of our drivers are similar to Q3, except for the U.S. The numbers through October 21st are as follows. Starting with processed volume, we saw global growth of 10%, and that's equivalent to what we saw in the third quarter with double-digit growth in each region outside of the U.S. In the U.S., our processed volume grew 3%, down more than 3 PPT from the third quarter with the same growth in credit programs and lower growth in debit programs, primarily due to the de-conversions I mentioned earlier. Excluding that, our October growth was similar to the third quarter. Gas did not have an impact on our October growth rate. Process volume outside the U.S. grew 16%, and that’s actually up 1 PPT from the third quarter with higher growth in each region. Globally, process transaction growth was 17%, down 1 PPT from what we saw in the third quarter. Process transaction growth outside the U.S. was similar to Q3, while the U.S. growth was down 3 PPT. And with respect to cross-border, our volumes grew 13% globally, up almost 1 PPT from the third quarter with faster growth in Europe, driven by a combination of consumer and commercial usage. Now looking at the full-year 2016, there is really no change in our business outlook from what I have discussed at Investor Day back in September. We continue to expect revenue growth in the low double-digits on a currency neutral basis. When you model on an as reported basis, adjusting for the impact of all currencies, we now estimate that there would be about 1 PPT headwind to net revenue growth and the bottom-line. This is less of a headwind than what we had said in September, given the continued moderation of exchange rates. Let me call out a few other items that you should consider when modelling 2016. On expenses, we now expect total operating expense growth in the low double-digit range for our as-reported results, excluding special items. On a currency neutral basis, we continue to expect low double-digit growth. As discussed at Investor Day, we expect to see positive operating leverage for the year. And you should now feel the 2016 tax rate towards the lower end of the 28% to 29% range that I talked about in September. As is our normal practice, we will defer any comments about our 2017 outlook until our year-end call in January. Now, let me turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session. Barbara?
Barbara Gasper: Thanks Martina. We’re now ready to begin the question-and-answer period. And in order to get to as many people as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and then queue back in for additional questions. Jack?
Operator: [Operation Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jim Schneider: I was wondering if you could maybe give us an update on the B2B payment space, and the opportunity you see there. And specifically can you talk about how Zell [ph] and MasterCard Send fit into the strategy for you?
Ajay Banga: Sure. I think this whole commercial business continues to be an area of pretty good growth, and you just heard me talk a little bit about Fleet Card and WEX and virtual cards. And I gave you the examples of UBS and Credit Suisse. But what we’re basically seeing in addition to the transaction side of this is we’re seeing an adoption of some of our products, smart data, which is our reporting and reconciliation tool, as well as In-control, which is a virtual card system for commercial payments is getting kind of getting well embedded. I’m also starting to see some increasing interest beyond the typical bank card users. Technology providers will embed commercial payment solutions into their software and their platforms and payment aggregators and verticals, such as construction, insurance. You see these guys coming into play as well. So there is series of things we’re doing in the B2B space, in the D&E space, in the SME space, that are all connected to this effort to drive our commercial efforts. The MasterCard Send product that you just heard us talk about again, what this is, is a payment service that facilitates the delivery of funds very quickly and very securely to consumers, both domestically and internationally. If we take a single connection into this platform, you could be a business, you could be a merchant, you could be a government, and non-profit, an issuer, some other sender, and you can send money to consumers, whether they’re banked or un-banked, most importantly, whether there are domestic or overseas as well. And that’s kind of what we are trying to do here. Because in the overseas markets, we combined with a JV that we had launched some time ago, called HomeSend, sent, not to be confused MasterCard Send. That’s just internal MasterCard confusion. I don’t want you to get confused. And HomeSend is a unique asset for cross-border payments. It kind of expands our reach to billions of bank accounts across more than 70 markets, through their phone numbers and systems. And so the combination of this ability to move money to any bank account in the U.S. through MasterCard Send, whether it’s got a Visa debit or a MasterCard debit card at the front end of the account, combined with HomeSend. which can connect to these billions of bank accounts across 70 markets using phone systems. That’s what we’re up to.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Tien-tsin Huang with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Tien-tsin Huang: I was just wondering if you can maybe give us your perspective on why your growth rate reported on constant currency basis has been growing at such a big premium to Visa. Any color there, because actually you’ve been boarding a lot of new clients. So I've been surprised by the magnitude of the premium?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Tien-tsin, you know that we are extremely disciplined when we go the market and when we actually work with clients and the kind of agreements that we are striking. And as we have discussed on Investor Day, we are not just doing a core product deal where we look at the credit product, or debit product, or prepaid product or commercial product, but we are also adding quite a lot of our services on to that agreement. And when you look at the growth rate in the other revenue line item where most of these services are actually residing, that’s where you are seeing the extra juice coming out from these kinds of agreements. So I would say between the discipline that we have, and the services, the differentiated services that we can deliver to our clients, you can actually see that coming though.
Ajay Banga: Maybe you should Tien-tsin, take another side step. Both our companies are winning clients around the world from each other, but also the growth of geographic expansion, new issuers, new types of issuers coming into the system. It's not my impression that a great deal of growth comes for either of us from just winning a client from each other. I would rather focus on the opportunity that exists in this industry to grow versus so much more there is. Do you remember, 85% of the world’s retail transactions are still in cash and check. And that’s -- I think our focus is giving us the benefit of thinking that through, in a way that's allowing us to build assets and capabilities to aim for the bigger buys, and keep at it over a period of quarters. There will be quarters when we do better. I'm sure there will be quarters when somebody else does better. And I'm fine with that. I'm more focused on where we’re executing for the next few years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Jason Kupferberg: Just wanted to build on Tien-tsin’s question. Obviously, you’ve got 14% constant currency growth year-to-date, if I am not mistaken, but still guiding to low double-digit. So assuming the math on Q4 would imply a lot of detail, is there some rebate timing to consider? Or what other factors should we be building into the Q4 model? And does this put you kind of at high-end of low double-digits at the risk of putting too fine a point on it?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Jason, nice try. No, it's still at the low double-digits. But what you have to consider for the fourth quarter, and you're absolutely right. Year-to-date it's 14%. So actually this is the third quarter this year that we are producing a 14% net revenue growth rate. And we are obviously extremely pleased with that. But yes, you will see a slowdown in the fourth quarter. And you have to consider two factors. One, we have the USAA roll-off, and that will be pretty much complete by the end of the year from what we understand. So of course, that’s a bit more of an acceleration than what we have talked before earlier this year. And secondly, on the rebates in incentive side, it is normal for us in the fourth quarter just before year end to sign a whole bunch of new agreements and renewing agreements. It's actually nothing different than what we’ve seen in prior years. But you should expect that there will be more rebates and incentives coming in, in the fourth quarter. Both of these factors will weigh down on net revenues.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Fandetti with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Don Fandetti: Ajay, it looks like cross-border is continuing to tick-up here. Could you talk a little bit about the comment on the commercial improvement in Europe? Is that organic or are you seeing marketshare gains? And then also, what are you seeing in terms of outbound China. I know that some of your competitors have talked about some stabilization or improvement.
Ajay Banga: So the first part, the second part, which is actually a transactional piece of information on outbound China. I think you'll find growth to certain parts of the world, but not to others. It's not coming in through the U.S. and Europe as it used to. It's actually going much more through the Asian markets. So Australia to Japan, to those parts of the world. That's actually similar to what I may have said at Investor Day, but I don't fully recall if that question came up. But that's kind of what we are seeing on the China part of it. The cross-border growth in Europe, remember when we pointed out commercial in Europe because that's the one thing that's different from prior quarters. It's not as though that's the largest reason for our growth. So we're going to take it in context. It's the one thing that's different. And in that, yes, we are seeing the activation of a bunch of programs in commercial in Europe, that we have sanctioned these earlier, they've come on board, there's a series of activation going on. But our cross-border growth is built of really blocking and tackling on a series of portfolios around the world where our account teams engage with the issuers and the merchant community to look at how to work on cross-border opportunity. And this is not a new thing. I think I can recall this for years now. It probably was being done before I even showed-up seven years ago. And I think it's just a series of focus items in MasterCard around cross-border.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Barclays. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: I just wanted a question on the thought process around incentive growth. We've had now I think two years of around 20% incentives of rebates growth, and obviously outpacing gross revenues. Obviously, there's been a lot of deals and now I think Martina you just mentioned Q4 probably has a step-up also. Just can you give us a little thought, a process around what's happening in the industry around, is it competitive dynamics, or -- and then really with SunTrust and others, should we expect another type of year like that going forward? Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So Darrin I don't think – for the last couple of years we are really seeing nothing. We have not seen anything different than what we've seen in the last couple of years. Just to remind everybody, in 2015, we had a step-up in rebates and incentives given that we signed some fairly mega agreements; like one agreement with one customer for 10 years, another agreement with another customer for 20 years. And so we did talk in 2015 that we had to step up the incentives. The accounting was a little bit different. So in the early part of the years, we are actually amortizing more of those incentives. You see that second year, so the 2016 number is going to be with us in 2017, et cetera, if you see the same kind of step up. In addition to that when you look at our results this year, you do see some better revenue rate coming in on the growth side. You will see some more contra being dragged with that. What's happening in the fourth quarter from a renewal and plus from new agreements in terms of what I'm seeing from our business people, we're seeing nothing different in terms of how we're actually signing the agreements. It's just the normal activity and the normal terms and conditions by the way that we're seeing in the fourth quarter.
Ajay Banga: We actually incent issuers to give us a share of their wallet, and that's built into this thinking. So if grow well in numbers, in absolute numbers, and they also grow well in giving us some share, they actually get a higher percentage discount. And so this is actually good for us. And it's good in many ways to help with that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. Your line is open.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Martina, when I look at the revenue yields for domestic assessments and cross-borders, those accelerated some and then transaction processing fees decelerated some. I know you mentioned last call that there was some anniversarying of fee increases. But how should we think about the trajectory of those yields going forward?
Martina Hund-Mejean: On the domestic assessment yields, we typically say that they will be trending down over time, simply because of what we have been saying that when you sign larger agreements and you are assessing customers, to be actually given more volumes to you, that should be happening. So you would have to factor the contrary [ph] and take count. If you just look at the domestic assessments for this quarter and for the prior quarters, you have a little bit of a change in mix coming in. Remember we’ve been talking a number of times that when you go and do work in a number of Asian countries, African countries, Russia, Venezuela, et cetera, that those come typically with lower yields. And it depends which quarter, which part of the GDV is growing in which country in terms of how the mix coming in. And in this quarter we have a little bit better mix coming in. So that's all on domestic yield. What was your second question?
Sanjay Sakhrani: I guess even the cross-border number on an adjusted basis was up little bit. Does that just continue? And then the USAA impact, the numbers you quoted, does that include all of it rolling-off, or is there an additional drag that we should expect?
Martina Hund-Mejean: On the cross-border side, we did have a little bit of pricing action in that. And that we’ll be anniversarying very soon. And on the USAA side, we believe that our comments are comprehensively assuming that USAA is rolling-off by the end of the year. Now just you're going to have to take into account that because this happened all this year, that you're going to have a knock on impact to the growth rates in 2017.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Chris Brendler with Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Chris Brendler: I have question about Europe. Thanks for the disclosure on the co-batch transaction, but does that mean we exclude this transactions that had very well revenue yield set. Your prior commentary on European revenue yield being in the high teens would actually be in the 20s if you exclude these transactions. And then if you can just summarize, for PSD2, and all the changes that are taking place in Europe, you summarized that fundamental impact on your business, it seems to be positive at this point, and if it is, just give us a little color on why? Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So, on the European revenue yield, first of all, just to make sure that everybody understands our European revenue yields -- Chris, can you please put us on mute, please?
Chris Brendler: Yes...
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thank you. 
Ajay Banga: Well, that sounds pretty exciting, wherever you are.
Martina Hund-Mejean: What we have said in the past, our global yield is around 21 basis-points. And we talked about our competitors’ yields because the information was out there, kind of in the 10-9 basis-points, and we are somewhere in between. That [ph] revenue yields will not change, whatsoever, by this particular change in terms of not charging de minimis fees on these co-batched transaction. There will be absolutely no impact to that. So you should not be assuming that our yields on GDV in Europe is changing. It is not.
Ajay Banga: So PSD2, the first thing we did was to -- for the most part we did was to enable access to the consumer bank accounts through a series of what they call PSPs. Payment System Providers. As we have got at least [ph] to a series of some more competition, more innovation, and that's something we should expect to happen over the next few years. One thing is for sure. ACS will become even more relevant in the PSD2 environment. And you know that we have talked about that when we spoke to you about the reason that we were keen on getting into the ACS phase. We are literally into the fast ACS space. There are other elements of PSD2. There is elements to do with strong customer authentication for the 24 online transactions. But depending on how it actually gets rolled-out, its could actually create either a hindrance to the simplicity of an ecommerce checkout or if it's done very smartly, it could actually make it smooth and safer. And obviously, we'd want the latter. But there's many conversations to be have between here and the actual implementation of the stronger consumer authentication philosophy that PSD2 raises.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Andrew Jeffrey: I think its notable Ajay that you are calling out services -- not the first time obviously -- as a differentiating point when you bid for business and win business. Given the success you’ve had over an increasing standard period of time now, do you see competition, whether from traditional competitors or perhaps new entrants. I don’t know off the top of my head, who those might be, but do you see folks trying to replicate the services success we had. And if you could comment a little bit on the competitive barriers you think you’ve erection that can continue to share gains?
Ajay Banga: Actually I do see people coming into the system. But our services are not services generically. They are services that are very tightly connect back to the idea of an authentication clearing and settlement system that gives us the insight into a payment transaction. So on our services, be it loyalty and rewards, be it safety and security, be it the data analytics business or our managed services that we do with advisors, all of these connect back from that idea of being connected to the payment transaction, and the moment of truth when that happens. So I think we do a relatively good job of tying the two things together when we speak in terms of the logic of why a service we provide would be incremental value-add to the carrying authorization and settlement stream. In a number of ways, competitive barriers are only as good as the investment you keep putting into them, they keep staying ahead in terms of both, technology and innovation. I mean, take safety and security. Anybody who will tell you that they figured it out of safety and security is probably somebody you should run a mile from, because there is no such right answer. There is a continuous effort of people trying break in to everyone systems. You read that all the time. So you're only as good in safety and security as the efforts you keep putting into it to keep your clients having products and capabilities that keep them -- keeping their promise to their consumers. So we recently launched a series of products that use our official intelligence and machine learning in the safety and security space. We're going to keep doing that. We’ve been -- I would tell you that we're in the first innings of a baseball game on that kind of space. We’re a little better when it comes to tokenization. We’re well into the middle of a game. We are better when it comes to EMVs, where we're well into the latter part of the game. So different aspects of safety and security have got different levels of maturity, in terms of what they're solving for, and therefore require different levels of investments to keep them growing and competitive. And I think our competitive edge is that we have been allocating capital to these areas, and expenses for the last seven years. And it's one of the reasons why I keep telling you I'd like to make sure that you take the expansion of margin off the table as a permanent effort of this Company, and instead give you a really healthy margin, but use the revenue growth of the Company to invest back in creating competitive and frankly great differentiators for future revenue from where they’re going.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Friedman with Susquehanna. Your line is open.
James Friedman: Martina, at the Investor Community Day in September, you had discussed the same topic of services. And you had said that the services division did a 40% combined margin, if I'm remembering right. But the thing I want to get as you said that it would scale -- the services margins would scale over-time, I was wondering if you could help dimensionalize that. Like what's going on with service margins? Did they just scale because this was a really good quarter? Or how should we be thinking about services margins over time.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So here we are, just a few weeks after ICM, and you think there will be something different than what you’re paying on services. First of all, there is no such thing as a services division. There're many different services that we are actually providing and here I called out three, but they a ton of other ones, right. So I don't want you to just bundle this together. We bundle it together, because it's an easier way of contrasting it to our core business. So in terms of what I said on the margin is that when you add all the services with their many different margin profiles right back to what Ajay has been actually explaining on this, on the safety and security side, together, if you were to add that together, the margin as a whole at this point in time is 40%. And what I also said is that -- and by the way this is not on a fully loaded basis. So things like corporate costs, et cetera, are not in there. But I also said that over-time as we are scaling these services, that we would believe that the margin would increase. And just to remind you, there was this one charge in ICM where it actually showed which services are at a higher margin level versus which services are lower margin level. And the safety and security side was actually really at the higher level. And then we kind of worked our way down, advisors was the next one down, below 80 [ph] was the next one down, and processing was actually on the lowest side. So all of those services, we are working to scale and re-scale, you will be getting some better margin on these businesses.
Ajay Banga: Interestingly, I don't look at these as one unit. That's a really important issue. I don't look at the P&L that way. I don't look at the business that way. It is broken up among a bunch of different people. They come in and they talk to me on our monthly and quarterly business reviews. Each of them has a different conversation about what they are doing with their independent units and their businesses and that's how it is constructed all the way. What the real implication actually, is that our sales force on the front-end is learning how to sell something that’s way beyond our traditional credit-debit, prepaid, and frankly even commercial is not as traditional. But these are completely non-traditional in a selling process. And some things they can do themselves, some of them they need experts to come help them. So we have that kind of sales structure built, and it's constantly changing as well to keep pace with where this space is going. So it's a mix of many things that are going into services. I just feel that so long as we can keep it tightly connected to our off siding [ph], clearing and settlement business, we’re actually building yet another leg of a stool for our Company for the next couple of decades to come.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of David Koning with Baird. Your line is open.
David Koning: And I guess mainly my question is just around the PIN share gains that you mentioned. That’s how the process transaction growth accelerate. I guess, first of all, is that share gain sustaining into Q3? And isn’t that lower yielding, because your transaction yield was actually up 1% sequentially, but I would have thought this was lower yielding?
Martina Hund-Mejean: So you are absolutely right. In the United States, PIN debit is lower yielding, absolutely. There is no question about it. How did they take him in, and we already talked about this at the last earnings call is that we did win a couple of PIN agreements. So we’ve showed up at the back of the card. And then you have to remember in the PIN debit market as the merchants are actually then aligning the routing, they’re choosing the routing over which network to route. So there is a second thing that you have to think about in terms of yes you can buckle in the back of the card but then, do you actually get to see the transaction and we have a very analytical methodology in terms of trying to see how many transactions we want to see and that actually influences the pricing that we put out in the market every day. And so you will see our picture going up and down. So you saw it in the third quarter going up. There is this new agreements coming in. You saw in our three weeks in October, it’s coming a little bit down. That’s why you’re seeing a little bit less process transactions. So you should expect it goes up and down.
Ajay Banga: By the way on the previous earnings call or somewhere, I once explained that we go to some of the larger merchants. The level of sophistication that goes into the decision making of routing of a PIN debit transaction is way beyond the price. The price is interesting and it kind of stable-states but they do an enormously sophisticated thinking on the time taken for approval, on the number of turndowns on all kinds of aspect s. And you can move up and down the routing table, five times a day in some of these merchants, depending on what’s going on. And so it's a little difficult to predict where that goes, but it’s lower yield business. So the overall impact on the revenue stream of the Company tends to be buffered or let’s say shock absorbed. But it’s an interesting learning for all of us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Willi with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Tim Willi: Just wanted to touch on the comments around loyalty, and just in general, when you sort of talk with merchants, with banks about that topic, is there any sort of new dynamic or way that they are thinking about approaching it particularly with the continued evolution of mobile payments, shopping, in store? Just anything you might be able to add there and sort of how you think about the momentum around that business line?
Ajay Banga: There's actually a series of things going on in loyalty and rewards. One of those you've actually picked the correct topic, which was e-commerce, digital mobility, the whole space. If you think about this, it is almost like simple things like cash back become even more attractive. But even voucher management and the management of keeping track of your loyalty rewards card number and how it all accumulates into that, all those become very important, even more so than in the physical world. The loyalty business has got many elements to it. It's got the accumulation of rewards. It’s got the offers every day that go into the system. It's got the aspect of what’s funded by banks and what’s funded by merchants. It's got the aspect of are you a complete program manager in some markets or are you only providing a portion of the service, and only a portion of the value chain. As you know, we bought Pinpoint in Asia and Australia. Pinpoint is a complete program manager. Truaxis on the other end is a merchant reward generating engine, which is not a complete program manager. And it's something we bought a couple of years before Pinpoint. So we’ve got to see the different capabilities now in the Company. And in some ways, we are probably one of the more interesting global players on loyalty and rewards. But you've got to package it very tightly with as I said the clearing, authorizing and settlement business, whether in digital or in the physical space.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom McCrohan with CLSA. Your line is open.
Tom McCrohan: Just trying to get a sense of trajectory of operating expense growth going forward, and just looking at history as averaging high single digits or higher than at this year, and I know you don’t want to give forward guidance at all. But maybe you can just maybe speak to maybe the intensity of investment spending? Has it gotten more intense recently, given all geographic expansion, all the digital changes, everything that’s going on in the space? Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Clearly, Tom over the last couple of years, I would say, over the last three years, the authenticity of the investments has really taken-off. Just imagine what have all happened in the digital space, a significant amount of spend into the digital space. But then in addition for us to do be developing all of the services, so what we did from an advisor point of view, from a data analytics point of view, from a loyalty and from a safety and security investment point of view, some of the investments that Ajay was talking earlier about, was very important for us to do. Some of the numbers are masked in terms of when you look at the foreign exchange hedging activity that came in, in 2016, which actually was a benefit there for us. And in 2016, it was a drag. So when you actually take that out, our operating expense growth is relatively similar. We would continue to expect that we will have to invest. And again, I am not going to go into 2017, but as you can see for 2016, we really have not changed our forecast at all in terms of how we think we are rounding out this year, which is the low double-digit growth number that we gave on a currency neutral basis.
Ajay Banga: I'll add one element to that conversation. This discipline that Martina has in our Company around acquisition is that at the end of two years, the acquisition becomes part of our base. When we talk to you, we’re talking about our base expenses as well. The acquisitions we are doing, because it’s the kind of industry we are in, don’t exactly come fully loaded with revenue and unloaded in expense. They tend to come with capabilities that bring expenses and revenue that we need to build over a period of years by putting them together with what we sell. Typically the lag in that, the driving [ph] lag of that creates a higher growth rate in expenses than on revenues for the first few years of owning that property. That’s part of what we are talking about when we talk about putting investment, capital and expense dollars to work. The acquisitions are all in areas of strategic growth opportunity for us, and a number of them are in the services space that Martina was loosely talking about a little while ago. And that's what we're putting our capital to work at. But a lot of our expenses, aside from the acquisitions tend to go into the digital space, because that’s where a lot of opportunity will get laid out over the next decade. Revenue is not as much as stating our capabilities right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Donat with Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open.
Chris Donat: Ajay, I wanted to go back to something you said in your prepared remarks about inbound cross-border volume into the UK being strong. I'm just trying to understand how sustainable this might be. And I'm wondering if you can comment on anything from historical examples of devaluations or sort of the opposite case where the Swiss franc appreciated in January 2015, and how that affected outbound volumes with Switzerland. Just trying to understand if UK is going to see a lot of inbound volumes for months or years here?
Ajay Banga: So first of all, I'm glad you called them prepared remarks. Barbara's always when I'm speaking because she's tracking all that I've said. I don't always follow the script. But I will use your comment as proof of my being relatively helpful. The second part is the UK. I was thinking of the other question, I'm just cracking up a little. I'm taking it out on Barbara for 10 years of this. So the UK, be careful about assuming that a lower currency will necessarily lead to inbound travel, either tourist related or business related. It works in a place like the UK because it is one of the world's most attractive tourism destinations. If you drop the currency value in Venezuela, it doesn't lead to anything. But it does in the UK because of the nature of the UK being what it is as an attractive location. And in addition, and what we're seeing really in the third quarter, I don't know whether I can tell you right now off the top of my head - I actually don't know whether the break-up is commercial traffic or tourist traffic. So I guess Martina knows that. I don't know it today. But I do know that you can't assume that tourist traffic or even business traffic will necessarily follow the pattern of a currency moving around. Right now, there's no doubt that in the UK tourism is up one. Two, there is a great deal of re-interest in acquiring assets in the United Kingdom. Because if you were sitting outside of the UK, the values of assets in the UK has not only gone down by the change in the currency, they've also gone down by the extreme reaction that the market had to the fears around Brexit. That has also created a lot of interest in people travelling in to look at assets in the UK. Again, I don't know if that will persist because the latest UK GDP report actually shows the Brexit response to be kind of enhancing, which will take time to come. It won't happen this quarter in terms of real GDP change. And so this may change the valuation of market assets in the UK. I haven’t drawn too many conclusions either from the past or even the UK specifically about where this is going.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So just one thing to add, for the main travel destinations, we are seeing some of this over the last 10 years. So when you look for instance where the dollar is trading versus where the pound is trading, versus where the euro is trading, tourists are actually relatively sophisticated, who go to these kind of locations and we have seen that the tourism travel is getting adjusted. If people are coming to the New York or people coming to London or people going to Paris, the people are adjusting their travel plans because of some of the factors of the currency. We’ve seen that over the last 10 years. But as Ajay said, that does not expand to many other countries. It’s really for the top tourist destinations.
Ajay Banga: Kind of shopping destinations. The U.S. right now inward tourist traffic is down with the dollar being strong whereas outdoor travel by Americans is quite strong. And so those are all just natural things that we ought to do as well.
Barbara Gasper: Operator, I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Lisa Ellis with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Lisa Ellis: One quick, Martina question, it did look like underneath the covers, Asia volumes were a little bit unusually low this quarter. I was curious what was driving that? And then for Ajay, it looks with this flurry of announcements around wallet interoperability and convergence that kind of gets little bit complicated in terms of what’s going to be accepted where. How do you just envision how MasterPass will play into the overall wallet landscape and how you see it evolving? Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Lisa, first on the volumes you are absolutely right. On the Asia Pacific the volumes year-over-year are little bit lower. China plays into that. We are now at low single digits from China growth point of view that was higher last year. Australia, India and Indonesia, also had a little bit of lower growth.
Ajay Banga: MasterPass, my view is that on a small mobile screen, it's unlikely that merchants on their checkout page for browsers, I am talking browser right now, which is still the largest portion of digital commerce. That probably will be a very large portion for the next four-five years. It's very unlikely that you are going to find them putting many different wallets up in the checkout page, because the total space available on a mobile phone is relatively restricted. And therefore there is going to be some kind of trend towards creating the right infrastructure wallet acceptance overtime. And I think you will find the kind of things we are trying to do, we are trying to ensure that one of the brands in the checkout page is MasterPass, because if you could put your user digital wallets, as well as user wallets to all using MasterPass as an acceptance brand then that's a good thing. In our view and I've said this many times, MasterPass is not a B2C effort. It is a B2B effort. What I am doing is not just building wallets, because a bank could have their own wallet, a merchant could have their own wallet, or they could take a wallet from us private-label to open APIs, that doesn't matter. It all can come through in a safe secure way using token come through a MasterPass acceptance path. And the idea is to build all our services capabilities onto open APIs, and we have already done that in a substantial way. If you go to mastercard.developer.com, or developer.mastercard.com, I think I'm mixing up what came first and what came later. But I think developer.mastercard.com, you'll find that it's relatively easy if you do strike a deal with us to get the cryptogram to unlock the API to then connect it up to your capabilities, either as a merchant or an issuer. So, I would see MasterPass not as a wallet, that’s just for the long time, I see MasterPass as a digital strategy and as a future brand for our Company. I see the MasterPass system as an acceptance system that enables safe secure payments, that enables open APIs to be connected to that for services. And that’s the offering which is very partner centric and enables issuers to own their consumer experience by making it digital-by-default and connecting it to their online banking applications. It enables digital giants to create a seamless acceptance system, and it enables merchants to not have to repeat their acceptance capability time-after-time, because once they’re on MasterPass, they can accept the others. That is what we are trying to do.
Barbara Gasper: Ajay, some closing comments...
Ajay Banga: Yes, sure. So, couple of closing thoughts. And just to sum up, I think our business continues to perform well. I think you see that reflected in our strong revenue and earnings growth, and that’s despite the usual uneven global economy that everyone talks about. I think we are executing well against our strategy. We have our ups and downs, but we are executing consistently, growing our share, continuing to leverage services as a strategic differentiator to further drive our core business around the world. We’re in a very dynamic industry and I was just talking to Lisa, we are working very hard to deliver secure digital payment experience for our consumer using MasterPass across all devices all channels. And of course I continued to believe in the long runway driven by strong secular growth opportunities that we have and we continue to hopefully position ourselves well for that future. So, thank you for your continued support of the Company. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. All participants may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Craig Jared Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP Thomas McCrohan - CLSA Americas LLC Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc. Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jason Alan Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc. James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good morning. My name is Blair, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the MasterCard Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. I'd now like to turn the call over to Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Thank you, Blair. Good morning and thank you all for joining us this morning. We apologize for the delayed start. It appeared that we had a lot of people dialing in at the very last minute and we didn't want to start the call with a lot of people still not connected, so thanks for your patience. And thanks for joining us this morning for a discussion about our second quarter 2016 financial results. With me on the call today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer, as well as Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask a question. Even if you think you have already dialed into the queue for the Q&A, you will need to register again following our prepared comments. This morning's earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at mastercard.com. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their GAAP equivalents. The release was attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted of posted on our website for 30 days. And finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today's call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our SEC filings. With that, I will now turn the call over to Ajay.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Barbara. Good morning everybody. Our business continues to perform well. We are very pleased with our strong results this quarter. As you could see from the release on a currency neutral basis, and excluding that special items related to litigation, we reported both net revenue and EPS growth of 14%. Martina is going to get into the financial details, so I'm going to talk a little bit about the global economy first, and frankly, other than the Brexit vote, very little has changed since the last quarter. The United States economy is still holding steady. Consumer confidence up slightly, stable job growth, lower inflation, and frankly, prior to the Brexit vote, many parts of Europe were showing steady signs of improvement in both consumer confidence and unemployment. And you know, while it's still too early to predict the full impact of Brexit, we will obviously watch that situation very carefully. The outlook for Asia remain cautious. We've got a prolonged slowdown in China, a weaker than expected recovery in Australia. India continues to be a bright spot. Both consumer and business sentiment there remains strong. In Latin America, Brazil is still in a deep recession but interestingly, a modest increase in business confidence is beginning to show signs that the economy may be reaching a bottom. In Venezuela, economic conditions continue to deteriorate but Mexico is in a steady growth path. It's been driven by solid consumer spending and low unemployment. And so as a result, it's likely we're going to remain in a period of economic and political uncertainly, at least for the near term. And having said all of this, our business continues to grow. Our fundamentals remain strong. We are seeing double digit volume and transaction growth across most of our markets, and we continue to win deals by differentiating ourselves with services. Now I wasn't on the call last week that Martina and team had on VocaLink, so let me just quickly share my views about the planned acquisition of VocaLink. The deal is an important component of our strategy to participate in all forms of electronic payments and to enhance our services for the benefit of our customers and our partners. And VocaLink itself is very interesting to us for a couple of reasons. First, when you look at all payment flows in the world's top 50 countries, and this is not just retail payments, ACH represents about 50% of that total. And the potential of Fast ACH is growing, especially given that it is being promoted by a number of regulatory bodies in Europe, the United States and in other parts of the world. Second, we believe that VocaLink is the best asset in this space, from both a technology standpoint as well as having a very talented group of people who are respected across the industry. Beyond the opportunities available in their primary UK market, they have been successful in operating and licensing their Fast ACH technology in other markets, in Sweden, in Singapore, in Thailand. They're also the primary supplier of Fast ACH technology to the Clearing House in the United States. And finally, the ability to see both card and ACH transactions would enable us to offer an even broader range of data analytics and other services to our partners. Our card network is empowering our growth in both consumer and commercial payments for many years. And with this acquisition, we will now have a new set of capabilities to capture additional opportunities in B2B, in P2P and government payment flows, regardless of what payment rails are used. So that's VocaLink. Let me move on to a brief update on China. In June, the People's Bank of China released the final regulation of foreign card networks to operate domestically in China. We are currently working through the requirements. We need a much better understanding around their national security and cyber security standards before we determine how best to proceed. We got to weigh whether we can apply for a license alone or with a business partner. It's all connected to this deeper understanding. Meanwhile, what we are doing is we're continuing to work on building out our technology on the ground as well as working with our Chinese customers on new issuance and broadening acceptance. So moving on from there, a couple of recent developments on the legal front. In the United States, the Brooklyn District Court's 2013 approval of the US merchant class action settlement as you know was overturned by the Court of Appeals in late June. And obviously, we're disappointed by that decision. Charlie [Scharf] and Visa reviewed it in some detail on their earnings call last week, so I'm not going to rehash the same details. The case will be sent back to the District Court, where we expect the first order of business to be to appoint counsel for the injunctive relief class. MasterCard will then work with all parties to see if we can find ways to reform the settlement in line with the Court of Appeals decision. And as you'd expect, our focus on that work will be on rule changes and the scope of the release, which were the issues in the Court of Appeals decision, not the money damages. On the money damages, note that our financial exposure remains capped at 12% of any settlement or judgment under the agreements we entered into with the bank defendants and with Visa in 2011. Additionally in July, a UK court issued a decision in one of the UK merchant suits seeking interchange damages. That court awarded Sainsbury's a portion of the damages it had been seeking, and that amount, along with anticipated legal fees and costs, was taken as a charge in the second quarter. That's the special item you see in our results. Although we don't believe the retailer suffered any damages, they're gratified by several aspects of the court's decision. Just one example, the court recognized that an appropriate level of domestic interchange is substantially higher than the 20 and 30 basis points imposed by the European interchange fee regulation that went into effect last December. So, now let's move on to some of our recent business activity. And during the quarter, as normal, we signed a number of new deals and renewals supporting the expansion of our business around the world. I'm going to run through a few examples. We continue to make progress in our US consumer business. Recent highlights include the renewal of our partnership with Huntington National Bank across their debit, credit, and commercial businesses, expanded acquisitions of new consumer credit accounts with several of the largest banks in the market. In addition, we had important wins in the cobrand space, including American Airlines, where Citi and Barclaycard will both be the issuers, as well as InterContinental Hotels, Bed, Bath & Beyond and some others. We also renewed, just announced yesterday here actually, our consumer credit cobrand with PayPal, an important component of our overall relationship with them, which as you heard from Dan Schulman on his call, we're all actively seeking to expand. We continue to drive our commercial business forward. One of the most important verticals for us is travel, and now in addition to our relationship with eNett and Travelport that we've talked of in previous calls, we just signed a new global deal with Amadeus, a leading travel technology company. Today, travel agencies make more than $300 billion in annual payments to airlines, hotels and other travel providers, largely via bank transfers and checks. What this agreement does is it combines Amadeus's new B2B Wallet and virtual payment technology with MasterCard's commercial card capabilities. We will provide travel agencies and travel providers with a fast, secure and automated way to pay and get paid. We continue to perform well outside of the US. In Canada, we signed two new issuer deals, renewed four issuer and cobrand deals, including MBNA which is a division now of the Toronto Dominion Bank and President's Choice Financial which is part of Loblaws, which is one of the largest retailers in Canada, which by the way, included exclusive issuance. In Europe, we are pleased to sign an expanded agreement with Yapi Kredi, one of the market leaders in Turkey, for a larger portion of their credit portfolio. Prior to this deal, most of their credit business was with a competitor. In addition to the deals I mentioned previously, we are continuing our momentum in the core brand space globally. We are very excited we renewed our partnership with Wal-Mart in Canada, and also signed a new agreement with them in China. We have partnered with Axis Bank in India, as well as Miles & More, one of the largest global frequent flyer rewards programs to launch India's first multi-currency cobranded prepaid card that supports up to 17 currencies to facilitate both domestic and international card usage. Finally, you've heard us say many times how we've been successful with using services as a key strategic differentiator for winning deals. As one example of this, we're happy to have renewed a long-term debit agreement with Bendigo and Adelaide Bank, one of Australia's largest retail banks, includes commercial cards and a flip of the majority of their consumer credit business. And that deal includes a full complement of our services, consisting of Advisors, Loyalty Solutions, and our suite of safety and security products. We signed a deal with CartaSi, one of the largest card issuers in Italy, to begin issuing debit cards, as well as to use Advisors Consulting Services. You'll hear a lot more from us about how we're differentiating with services at our upcoming Investor Day in September. So moving on to our digital strategy, you know we have long said this is a marathon not a sprint, but we've made some significant progress this past quarter, and there's more to come. So about two weeks ago, we announced an important industry milestone when we became the first network to deliver a digital payment service across all devices, all channels. With MasterPass, consumers can now decide how and where they prefer to shop whether that's in-app, online, or in-store, using a bank-branded offering from the issuer of their choice, knowing that their payment information is protected by our technology. We've also previously talked about our digital-by-default strategy, which enables issuers to auto-enroll card holders onto the MasterPass service through their online banking app without any additional effort by the consumer. We're very pleased that more than 80 million accounts will be automatically enabled by the end of this year, 80 million, as the service has begun to roll out globally, starting with Europe and Asia, and later this year in the United States with Bank of America, with Citibank, and Capital One. Further, issuers can use MasterPass to differentiate their own wallet offering by using our open APIs to integrate other services from us such as purchase alerts or paying with points, or services that they have developed themselves. And lastly, in terms of geography, including the recent expansions to Greece, Switzerland, Colombia and Ukraine, we are now live in 33 markets. From an acceptance standpoint, MasterPass is currently available at hundreds of thousands of merchants, online and in-app. We are pleased to have recently added IKEA. We will soon be adding Saks, Lord & Taylor and the Cheesecake Factory as more examples. With the introduction of NFC capability, consumers will now be able to use MasterPass at the more than 5 million merchant locations in 77 countries that accept contactless payments today. Contactless will first be available to Android device owners in the United States later this month with a global expansion to follow shortly thereafter. And that moves our last topic is tokenization technology. The MasterCard Digital Enablement Service, or MDES, we continue to make solid progress around making transactions more secure for MasterPass, which by the way is already enabled for contactless transactions with online and in-app to follow, but also for our digital partners. Most recently, we helped Android Pay expand to Singapore, as well as Apple Pay's move into Canada, Hong Kong, Switzerland and France. In addition, we're also pleased to be partnering with Microsoft on the launch of their cloud-based mobile wallet solution for Windows 10-compatible devices. All these examples illustrate our continued commitment to deliver secure consumer payment experience to our cardholders using the mobile device of their choice. So with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Martina for an update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning everyone. So let me begin by giving you some highlights on the second quarter, starting with page three, where you see the difference between non-GAAP reported and currency-neutral growth rates for this quarter. So these figures exclude the impact of the special items taken in both this quarter and the previous quarter related to the judgment issued on Sainsbury's and the settlement we made with Tesco, the two largest merchants involved in the UK merchant litigation. I'd like to point out a few items using the currency-neutral growth rates. As Ajay said, net revenue growth was 14% for the quarter, coming in a bit higher than our expectations. Operating expenses grew 13%, primarily due to continued investments to support our strategic initiatives, as well as higher legal costs, of which the majority are not likely to recur. We saw a higher tax rate than in the year-ago quarter due to the non-recurrence of a discrete US foreign tax credit from which we benefited in the second quarter of 2015. And with all of that, EPS was $0.96, up 14% year over year. Share repurchases contributed about $0.03 per share, and as of July 21, we have $2.7 billion remaining under our current authorization. And lastly, cash flow from operations was $1.1 billion, and we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and other liquid investments of about $6.4 billion. So let's turn to page four, where you can see the operational metrics for the second quarter. When comparing these numbers to the last quarter, just remember, the first quarter saw about a 1 PPT benefit from leap day, which explains most of the differences. Our worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV growth, was 11% on a local currency basis, down 2 PPT from last quarter. Overall, our US GDV grew 8%, made up of credit and debit growth of 7% and 8%, respectively. Total US GDV had less than 1 PPT headwind from lower gas prices. Now outside of the US, volume growth was 13% on a local currency basis, and that's about down 2 PPT versus last quarter, with low to mid teens growth in each region. And beginning on June 9, as a result of the new EU regulations, our volume numbers reflect the absence of domestic co-batched volume that we do not process, particularly in France. In the second quarter, we saw an impact of 1 PPT on worldwide volume growth, and a 3 PPT impact to European volume growth. The impact will become more pronounced over the next year, and this has been contemplated in all of our forward guidance. Cross-border volume grew 10% on a local currency basis, slightly lower than the 12% we saw in the first quarter. Let me turn to page five, and here you can see processed transactions grew 14% globally to $13.7 billion. And that's a very similar increase from what we saw in the first quarter. And globally, the number of cards grew 7% to 2.3 billion MasterCard and Maestro branded cards issued. On page six, here you see some highlights on a few of the detailed revenue line items. Unless otherwise stated, the growth numbers I call out, both here and on the next slide, are all on a currency-neutral basis. So as I've said, net revenue growth was 14%, a bit stronger than we expected. We saw continued strong volume and transaction growth plus a higher contribution from some of our services businesses. Rebates and incentives grew 23%, primarily due to higher volumes, as well as some deal renewals. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items, domestic assessments grew 10%, while worldwide GDV grew by 11%, and the difference is primarily due to mix. Cross-border volume fees grew 14%, while cross-border volume grew 10%. The 4 PPT gap is due to a number of pricing actions partially offset by a higher mix of intra-Europe activity. Transaction processing fees grew 21%, primarily driven by the 14% growth in processed transactions, as well as some pricing. And finally, other revenue grew 25%, driven by primarily by services such as Advisors, APT and our safety and security product offerings. Moving now to Page 7. Here you can see that total operating expenses after excluding special items increased 12% in the quarter or 13% on a currency-neutral basis. Our APT acquisition contributed about 1 PPT to these growth rates. In addition, 5 PPT was due to higher legal costs. As I already said, the majority of these aren't likely to recur. So the remaining 7 PPT was primarily due to higher personnel costs related to our continued investments in strategic areas such as digital, data analytics and geographic expansion. Also, our data processing expense growth is normally in line with transaction growth. However, this past quarter, the growth was higher due to the fee we now pay to NSPK for processing domestic Russian transactions. Let me turn to slide eight, and here we can discuss what we have seen in July through the 21st, where most of our drivers are up from the second quarter. The numbers through July 21 are as follows. Starting with processed volume, we saw global growth of 11%, slightly lower than the 12% we saw in the second quarter. In the US, our processed volume grew 8%, down 1 PPT from the second quarter, with slower growth in credit but higher growth in debit. Gas had less than a 1 PPT negative impact on our July growth, and that's very similar to the second quarter. And processed volume outside of the US grew 15%, up a bit from the second quarter, primarily driven by Europe and Latin America. Globally, processed transaction growth was 17%, up 3 PPT from what we saw in the second quarter. Processed transaction growth outside the US was up 1 PPT, with increases in Europe and Latin America, and the US growth was up 6 PPT, driven by new opportunities of PIN routing. With respect to across border, our volumes actually grew 14% globally and that's up 4 PPT from last quarter, with faster growth in Europe. We also saw faster growth in Middle East/Africa, which was likely related to the timing of Ramadan. So now looking to the full year of 2016, there's really no change in our business outlook from what we discussed with you in our earnings back in April. Currently, we don't anticipate any significant impact from Brexit this year. However, foreign exchange headwinds will continue to be with us in 2016 although they continue to moderate from the recent past given current FX rates. Our underlying business fundamentals remain strong and we will continue to run the company for growth, both on the top and bottom line, as well as balancing our investments with astute expense management. As we look at full year 2016 and after factoring in our currency-neutral methodology, we continue to expect to be at the low end of our three year revenue growth range. When you model on an as-reported basis, you will need to adjust for the impact of all currencies, and at current rates, we estimate that that would mean about a 2 PPT headwind to net revenue growth and the bottom line, which is less of a headwind than what we said on our April earnings call. Now let me call out a few other items that you should consider when modeling 2016. For rebates and incentives, we now expect to see growth of about the same as the 20% as-reported growth rate we saw in 2015 after factoring in the impact of the new American Airlines cobrand renewal. On expenses, we continue to expect total operating expense growth in the high single digit range for our as-reported results excluding special items. On a currency-neutral basis, we continue to expect low double digit growth. Be mindful that we're ramping up our efforts on MasterPass which impacts G&A and A&M, particularly in the third quarter. You should now assume a tax rate of slightly less than 29% for 2016. And finally, on the subject of share repurchases, now while year to date we have bought back about $1.8 billion, most of that occurred early in the year, as we were out of the market for most of the second quarter given the pending VocaLink transaction. As I said last week, once our trading window opens in early August, we expect to continue our repurchasing activity. So now let me turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session. Barbara?
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Thank you, Martina. We're now ready to begin the question and answer period. In order to get to as many people as possible, with ask you that limit yourself to a single question and then queue back in for additional questions. Blair?
Operator: [Operation Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Craig Maurer from Autonomous. Your line is open.
Craig Jared Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP: Yeah, hi. Thanks. Two questions. One, if you could provide us your thoughts for the industry regarding the deal Visa signed with PayPal. And secondly, if you can comment if there was any disruption in volume in Europe related to any of the geopolitical problems there, terrorism, so on and so forth. Thanks.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Hi, Craig. So a little bit about both. The second one is a more transactional question and I can tell you that places like Turkey and other such locations, there's no doubt that the impact of some of this activity in terrorism does impact what's going on there. Our cross-border growth to Turkey is down significantly compared to last year. Cardholders from Germany, Russia, Sweden and the US are not traveling there with the same level of frequency as they were clearly. We're also closely watching travel to other markets, France and so on. Interestingly, in the UK, we're actually seeing an increase of inbound cross-border spend. So it's kind of bouncing around but specifically in a couple of countries that got impacted by terrorism, there's no doubt that it causes some angst in cross-border trends. Having said that, remember what Martina said, right now, our cross-border volumes for the first few weeks of this quarter, it's only a few weeks, are up compared to where we were last quarter. And in fact, Europe is one of the contributors to that being up. So the part about Visa and PayPal. I've said this a few times to a number of you when I've met you. Back in June of 2013, we had implemented a new approach to digital wallet operators that applied to all staged wallets, and by the way not just PayPal, so I want you to understand that, with the intent of bringing consistency and transparency to the system. Transactions should flow through with clear data flowing through. The brand of the bank and the network should be visible to the consumer and the merchant. There were many reasons for us to be thoughtful about that digital wallet operator principles. We're still exactly where we were with those principals, and I think what I'm really pleased to see through a constructive dialogue with Dan Schulman and his management team at PayPal, that PayPal is actually working to resolve some of those concerns we all had around the lack of transparency around these staged wallets as well as ACH clearing. And that's what you saw in the announcement that he and Charlie made a few days ago. And if you heard Dan mention on his earnings call, they're in discussions other than the payment space to work with similar concepts or somewhat different but in the same space. We've worked with PayPal for many years. We have a good working relationship with them on a wide range of opportunities. I just told you we just renewed our credit cobrand portfolio with them, in fact yesterday. And so that gives you a sense of the manner in which PayPal is trying to work with the industry. I think this is actually a good thing for PayPal and for the industry, because at the end of the day, providing consumers the ability of having seamless, simple ways of paying is good for all of us. Everything's better than letting them use cash, and that's where we're all headed.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tom McCrohan from CLSA. Your line is open.
Thomas McCrohan - CLSA Americas LLC: Hi. Ajay, when you talk about China and some of the security standards, are you referring to the EMV standard that China adopted and it being different from what's been embraced around the rest of the world?
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, actually that's a tactical problem that actually at the end of the day creates costs and implications for solving for the way chip cards work in China and Chinese chip cards work outside of China. It's solvable. It's not the best thing to do but it's solvable. What I'm referring to is that they recently, in their policy regarding the opening up of the market for people like us to come in, they put in a couple of clauses around complying with their new national security and cyber security policy. The little challenges of the new national security and cyber security policy has not yet actually been passed into a form that is visible to us in a document that we can say, okay, got it, got it, got it, do this, do that, we're okay. It's not in that form. So we're a little bit of in-between territory, between understanding that they want to have a thoughtful national security and cyber security policy, which they're entitled to, but we don't understand the implications for us in terms of operating a network on the ground. So whether we operate with our own license or we operate in a JV with somebody else or we do some other creative thinking around this will all depend on clarity of these kinds of elements that they've put into the policy they've recently announced. That's what we're trying to sort out. Meanwhile, there's a lot of stuff to do for us in China. We are continuing work on issuance, continuing work on building out acceptance, where we've been continuing some work on basic technology development so that when we get clarity on this, and Martina and I are confident we understand what we're signing up for, then we can move forward relatively quickly from that space. So it's kind of one of those in-between spaces.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thanks. I was wondering if you could kind of address the comments you made about US debit accelerating in July. I think Visa had made some comments about seeing the mirror image of that, some deceleration. Are there actions that you're taking that are causing that or is it decisions of individual acquirers or merchants? Anything you can kind of add to that discussion?
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, if you heard us saying we're going up and the other ones are reducing, that's just the differential impact for both of us. So I don't know how to comment on that one. I'm not saying that you're getting a great change in underlying consumer secular spending towards debit. Don't conclude that. In fact, that's not at all what we are talking about. This is all to do with PIN routing and working on PIN transactions. And as I think I've told you a couple of calls ago, maybe a few before that, this stuff will move around a little bit and bounce around as merchants move the different routing in their routing tables depending on what's working for them. And it's not just about pricing. It's also about speed of approval. It's about many different things that they look at. Most of the bigger merchants have a very sophisticated and quite thoughtful way of deciding their routing tables, and we keep working with them. And so some quarters are better, some quarters are a little less good. What you're seeing currently is a better period.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah and having said that, when you look at our three weeks July numbers, where I said that the US transactions are actually up by 6 PPT, actually what is happening is that we have more of an opportunity to actually get routing for merchants because we happen to be now on more cards.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Back of the cards.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: On the back of the cards.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller from Barclays. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks guys. Nice job. Just want to touch on specifically the pricing changes that went into effect to allow the transaction fees to increase, or I think you said it was around 7 points faster than the actual transactions, similar with cross-border outpacing volume growth. Was it yield, all yield improvement on price, or was there also a mix element to it? And then just maybe on pricing trends going forward. Thanks guys.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah so, Darrin, I mean we said in the cross-border line as well as in the processed transaction line and those fee lines that we had some pricing actions. And it really was what I would call moving around the deck chairs in a number of countries, which allowed us net-net to take some price. In terms of actually anniversarying those kind of prices, about 50% of those actions have anniversaried now with the second quarter, and the other 50% of those actions will be anniversarying by next year. And by the way, this is nothing different than what we had called out in the last quarter. So this is just the normal run rate that happens from time to time.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Just as my follow-up, any early sense on impacts from Europe with regard to Visa Europe deal?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Look, it's very, very early, okay. They just about closed the transaction, and having said that, we obviously have prepared our group and our sales teams to make absolutely sure that we are with our clients and that we do all of the actions that we need necessary. But it's extremely early. You see that Europe is actually growing still very nicely in the mid teens from a volume point of view. So I don't think we have anything to add at this point.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Just one extra comment on pricing, and I know your question was about two specific line items in the thing, but overall for us in the second quarter, pricing contributed a little less than 1 percentage point to our net revenue growth. And that's kind of just so you know the whole picture.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Makes sense. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Brendler from Stifel. Your line is open.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Another question on Europe, if I could. I think, Martina, you just said that the volume growth in Europe, excluding the change in France, was mid-teens. Make sure that's right.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: It's including, Chris, including. When you look all of the volume, the GDV volume in Europe, it's still in the mid teens range.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Right. Okay. But you reported 8.8% because of the change to the co-batch transactions in countries like France?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Exactly.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. So that's more than double what Visa Europe has now disclosed, or Visa has now disclosed their European segment is growing. And the question I keep getting from investors that I'm hoping you could try to shed some light on is, there's been some discussions about yields and the difference in yields between MasterCard and Visa and that Visa will be potentially raising some of their yields. And I just want to talk about, if you maybe could just refresh our memories, like how are you driving these market share gains, growing more than double the rate of Visa Europe at this point despite the higher perceived pricing levels? What I've been telling folks is it's actually not that different if you get down to the bank level. You're actually closer to apples-to-apples on a pricing basis. Maybe just give us some of your thoughts on that current dynamic and how it might change with Visa Europe now being part of Visa. And also, does VocaLink play into your strategy of competing against Visa Europe? Thank you.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: So first of all, when you look at our overall pricing in Europe versus Visa Europe, you are absolutely right that our pricing is higher when you look at it all accumulated together. It's not quite at the level where our global pricing is. It's lower because, as you know, in every geography and in the country, it depends in terms of whether we just were to be able to license our brand so that we get the volume assessment and whether or not we actually get to see the transaction from a processing point of view. All of you guys know in Europe we process about 40% of our transactions only. And lastly, in terms of what kind of services we are actually delivering to the client, when you look at the largest client, I have to believe that we have very similar pricing to Visa. It might be different in terms of when you look at the medium and then the smaller clients. Now having said that, what Javier [Perez] and his team have done in a really great way is using the global capability of MasterCard with all the products and services that we have around the globe, to be bringing that in a seamless fashion to our European clients. And that's what they really like to see, right. And this is what did not happen with our competitor, given that there were two different companies and given that we are generally the smaller company. I always have to say that we have to put more points on the board. That means we have to rise higher in order to make sure that the customer gets that differentiated product and service that they're seeking in order to basically address their pain points and have fantastic products for their consumers. That's how our team is winning every day in the market.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And your question on VocaLink, I think you should remember like I said, VocaLink is not about competing with Visa Europe, by the way. VocaLink is about us wanting to be real players in every aspect of electronic payments and the way they're developing. And the reality is that today, across the world, 50% of payments, not just retail, are ACH. But within that, what's really interesting is the opportunity to grow Fast ACH, and VocaLink is one of the few players that has not only an outstanding Fast ACH platform implemented in the UK, but also implemented in other countries and most of ACH tends to be local. VocaLink's demonstrated an ability to take that Fast ACH platform and make it globally adaptable. And you can imagine the possibilities of that over the next decade. So I really want you to think about us doing the VocaLink transaction, if it all works out, once we're through all the regulatory steps, our strategic intent is to play across all aspects of these payment rails for individual consumer-to-merchant payments but also B2B, P2P and government payment flows. And that's how we see our footprint growing over the years.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you so much for the color.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Jason Alan Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC: Hey guys. Just a question about the full year 2016 top line outlook. I know you said that you're reiterating to be at the low end of the three year target, which is low double digit. So I'm going to call it 10% to 11% for argument's sake. You're running at 14% through that first half of the year. So can you just remind us what might lead to the decel? Or are you just being conservative on macro? I guess you've got USAA will be deconverting at a faster rate, and maybe some lapping of acquisitions. Just wanted to have the pieces there.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: So, Jason, excellent question.
Jason Alan Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC: Thank you, Martina.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Well listen, there are kind of three factors that are contributing to the deceleration on the growth rates for the second half, which would land us pretty much in the same place, as I've said at the beginning of the year, which is the low double digit number. The first one is we have anniversaried the acquisition of APT. Right, and we said all along that was about 1 percentage point. So that is going to come out. Secondly yes, we do have on the USAA credit portfolio, it's rolling off very fast, okay. So we will have a more significant impact in the third as well as in the fourth quarter. And then thirdly, you just heard us that we actually renewed American Airlines and starting with the third quarter, we will have more rebates and incentives coming into that line item.
Jason Alan Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC: Okay. That explains it.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW. Your line is open.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Ajay, can you talk about where you are with the future pipeline of M&A? You guys have been decently acquisitive, and I guess going forward, should we expect you guys to digest some of these acquisitions?
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So I don't have any indigestion right now, just to be clear. We've been digesting the other ones in the past, and it's actually helped us build out a lot of capabilities. You know, it's not a coincidence that our other revenue line is growing at the rate it's been growing for quite a few quarters. It's not a coincidence. And remember, after a year when you anniversary an acquisition, it comes into the base. After two years, the entire P&L comes into our base. So we're quite disciplined about tracking ourselves against it. Some of the acquisitions do better than what we thought we could do with them. Some of them don't do as well. That's just the reality of what we're trying to go through. But in the process, we've built out a decent capability in data analytics and information services. We've added to our capability in loyalty and rewards. We've added to our capability in technology and connectivity for e-commerce and gateways, as well as to connect to bank accounts around the world, even before the VocaLink acquisition. So that's kind of what we're trying to do. I honestly, at any point of time in any quarter, I think Martina and her team are working on a number of possible acquisitions. What tends to happen is 2%, 5%, 6% of them show up at any level of second level analysis. By the time we are done, one out of many gets done. So it's tough for me to tell you that I have two next quarter or three in the fifth quarter, I'm not going to do all that. I am just focused on, first of all, getting the ones we're already doing to keep doing well. Second, we've got to work really hard between now and the next few months to get the VocaLink acquisition through all of the processes of regulatory approval and get our company to be an excellent player in the ACH and Fast ACH game, first with a responsibility to the UK, because we are going to be a large player there in terms of this, but also with the ability to see how we take it elsewhere. You know, our priorities remain in the area of loyalty and rewards, in the area of data analytics and information services, in the area of safety and security. At some degree, all of this depends on us being able to see more transactions, to be able to see and handle and touch more transactions. Processing access are very helpful in that space, so we tend to play through these as we go along. And I, you know honestly, I think Martina has done great working with me because she's looking at a few deals all the time. This is probably not a great sartorial comment but that's true.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Next question, please.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Schneider from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit of an update on the European acceptance landscape. I think you talked last quarter about how you've been given an update on what you've seen due to the European interchange cuts in terms of merchant acceptance. Obviously we're seeing some increased volume growth there. So any way you can parse out how much of that might be due to the interchange reg changes, and how much of that is just better economic activity or other factors?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: So, Jim, I do have to say, and I just came back from another trip in Europe, there have been quite a bit of changes on the merchant acceptance landscape because of the lower interchange fees. And as you might remember all during the last couple of years leading up to the changes that came in last December of 2015, we were hoping that that would actually change the view of some of the merchants to be able, or be wanting to accept card payments, because quite frankly, no card payments are a heck of a lot cheaper than what you have to do with cash, right. And so we're seeing fairly large-scale changes coming through with some very large merchants, so that's what we're seeing first. So for instance, a grocery store like ALDI, which is a very a gruffy discount store – they don't even have shelves in their store – you grab actually goods out of the boxes that they just rip open. They finally are actually opening or have opened card payments. And there are a number of those large retailers who are now willing to do it. And we see it pretty much in every European country. What we haven't seen yet as much as movement is on the smaller merchants, and that's obviously where there's a lot of work that we still have to do. And we're hoping that that will continue to allow us to change the secular trend in Europe which, outside of the UK, right, in the UK a lot is already electronic side, but in the rest of the Europe, in the Continent, I always call it that this is still an emerging country for us. That will help us on the secular trend from cash and check to electronic forms of payments and will help our numbers over time.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Toget from Evercore. Your line is open.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Martina, you called out the impact of the separation of scheme from processing in Europe effective June 9. I'm wondering about another major provision that went into effect June 9, particularly the new merchant routing provisions. Could you comment on the opportunity to gain processing share, particularly in large markets like France and Germany as routing opens up outside of these local payment monopolies?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. So I think that all of these changes in the regulation actually do help us over time to be doing more processing in Europe. As I just said to a prior question, is we do about 40% of MasterCard's transactions in Europe being processed by our own network. Now, with the separation of the scheme and the switching unit, our processing unit, that processing unit is actually free to go in a differentiated way to the market and to be hopefully getting even more switching opportunity from all of the local players, be it the banks or be it the merchants, and I think the merchant routing rules just play into that. Just remember, when you go back to SEPA, that was implemented back in January 1, 2008. It opened the kimono a little bit, and we were able to move our processed transactions from I think, Barbara, it was in the mid teens or low, mid, no mid 20s, I think low 20s.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Low 20s.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Something like that, going up to the 40% range. I think this is just the next click from a regulatory point of view, which allows us to work with those kind of companies to move up more from a transaction basis.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And just to add to what I said to Sanjay a little while ago on services, why does this all matter to us. Of course there's a revenue impact in the beginning of new process, more transactions, but the most important thing is all our services are built off our core payments capability. We're not building services that don't connect back to our core payments. Those core payments require us to be able to see transactions, whether it be debit, credit, prepaid or commercial transactions. That's why VocaLink is also important. The more we see transactions, the more we can do with them, and the more we can help build yet another strong revenue stream for this company for the next decade. That's kind of what we're trying to do.
David Mark Togut - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you very much.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Operator, next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache from Nomura. Your line is open.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you, good morning. Ajay I wanted to follow up on your comments about the constructive dialogue taking place with PayPal. First, is it reasonable to expect you that guys will, you've mentioned the staged digital wallet fee and the rationale behind it previously, but is it reasonable to expect that you guys would eliminate that now? And then secondly, does the tone of the discussions that are taking place around you lead you to think that it's not just you guys and Visa but perhaps your issuing bank partners that may get on board with promoting PayPal? And finally along those lines, can you help us think through what the exclusivity element of the Visa agreement with PayPal would mean for MasterCard's issuing banks?
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So the last one first. I can tell you that I'm not clear that I understand enough about what exclusivity Visa signed with PayPal, because we're not encountering any difficulty while talking to PayPal in that space. So I don't know exactly what the nature of that exclusivity is. You got to ask PayPal or Visa, because I'm pretty clear that we've got enough good conversations going on, not just now but for a little while. Obviously there's stress between these conversations, right. I mean, our digital wallet operator rules, when they went into place in 2013 were not replicated by others. Ours were. We made our position clear at that time that we wanted to have a clear, transparent, fair methodology in this digital wallet development. It's been sometimes good, sometimes stressful, but constructive. And my view always has been that it if PayPal wants to, or anybody else like that, a digital wallet operator wants to use to our rails of credit and debit to be able to build their own model, then they can't just use our rails when it suits them, and use another rail to go around us and the banks when it suits them. There's got to be a more constructive partnership. So yes, we have a constructive partnership on cobranded cards that, yes we do. We've had it earlier. We've renewed it again literally yesterday. So that tells you that that partnership has depth beyond one signature or one contract with somebody or the other. But also we've all been discussing the whole aspect of how does digital wallet operator systems work. Now, if PayPal's methodology of operation from what I've learned from their announcements of Visa, if they reflect what our digital wallet operator policies put into place, oh yeah, then any fee they make from them will go away because the fee is not meant to be there if they're doing what's in the policy. But I can tell you that that fee is de minimis. We are not trying to use a fee to get them to change their policy. The fee was used to manage through all the difficulties that their policies were creating in terms of data and transaction management. So let's just be clear about what this is all about. This is not about forcing them to do anything. This is about our perspective of how the marketplace should develop, transparently and openly to merchants, to consumers, to banks, to PayPal and to all of us. That's what we're trying to build. So I think it's a constructive dialogue. I think PayPal is very much a part of that dialogue. And this could all end up in a good way for the industry as a whole, for banks, as well as for networks, as well as for PayPal. But will there be changes in the dynamics of the economics for a bank versus a network versus a PayPal? Everything to do with digital changes those economics. But that doesn't mean they're bad. It's just taking out other transactions and growing in volume as well. So I have a sort of generally positive view about where this is going.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm not saying there aren't – and by the way, I'm not saying there aren't hurdles along the way, there aren't roadblocks along the way. Remember, we've been talking with them for two, three years. We don't yet have an announcement to tell you of the kind of transaction that Visa has. So everybody has their own ways of approaching transactions and has their own competitive dynamic and their own way of thinking about where the strategy is going. That's actually okay in an open, competitive market. It's a good thing.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: That's very helpful, Ajay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. I just wanted to ask a couple of quick follow-up relationship questions. And so I think you've made it pretty clear that you want to work more closely with PayPal, et cetera. But from just a process perspective and as it relates to the staged wallet fee, do you have to reach some sort of agreement with PayPal or others that would be subject to that or can they just start passing through the transaction data and hence avoid the staged wallet fee? And then I guess more importantly, as we look at the case with the merchants and the like, your prepared comments seem to indicate that you wanted to pursue an adjusted settlement, et cetera. I'm just wondering if there would be perhaps any benefit to MasterCard to open up the discussions with those groups more widely so perhaps we could address some of the issues that may be evolving out of EMV, et cetera or if you would prefer to keep those two cases separate, if you will.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So yeah. Let me take the second question first, that way I remember it better. So the second question, honestly, litigation is complicated enough without trying to broaden things. When you already have an agreement between tens of banks, Visa, MasterCard, tons of people at the other end, it doesn't pay to start broadening things. Who knows how this will go? I can't predict because there's other players who all have to come to an agreement. But we'll see. I think we made real progress and we had actually a good deal on the ground, which a previous judge signed off on. But you know what, courts decide what they do. And while we could be disappointed, we've got to abide by it. So we're going to find our way through that working with other folks. I don't think I can tell you which way that'll get resolved. I wouldn't even like to speculate on that. The part about PayPal, I want to make sure you guys don't get focused on some staged wallet fee because that's actually not what this is about. The fee is de minimis. This not a large fee, either for us or for PayPal, by the way. That's not what this is about. It's about a set of rules and policies around what the digital wallet operator rules are. That's what this is. And could PayPal comply with those rules without some master agreement with us? Yeah, they could. But we already have agreements with them on a number of things, and they're not the only digital wallet operator out there who wants to work closer with banks and networks and merchants. My view of this is, if we can collaborate together, if we can make this easier for a consumer in the process and for a merchant in the process, that's a good thing. We should be doing it.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Operator, I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: And that question comes from the line of Glenn Greene of from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks for squeezing me in. Most of the questions have been asked. I'll just ask Martina an easy one. The other revenue growth, the 25% revenue growth, maybe a little bit of granularity. What's sort of driving that? And is there any acquisition benefit in there, or is that at this point, you would consider that all organic?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: What did you say, 25%?
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The other services.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Other revenue.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Other revenue.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Okay. So from an other revenue point of view, you do have the APT acquisition in there. Most of the revenues for the APT acquisition is actually in that particular line item. But I did call out actually not only APT, I called out Advisors. So we actually had a really nice increase in revenue from an Advisors, and this is in our consulting business. And then secondly, I also called out our safety and security products, which are our fraud products and also that had a really nice increase.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): But I guess the question is the expectations going forward. How should we think about this as we normalize and get past the APT?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: First of all, I'm not going to give you individual line items, but I have said over the last few quarters that these services businesses are starting to produce the kind of growth as our core business. And actually, when you look at these line items, they're producing a little bit higher than our core businesses. So you should be seeing that continuing in some fashion.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay, great. Thanks.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, guys. Thank you for all your questions and I'll leave with you just a couple of closing thoughts where I started. Our business continues to perform well. You see that reflected in our strong transaction and revenue growth. We're executing well against that digital strategy. Our services are continuing to help us differentiate and win new deals. We hope that many of you can join us at our upcoming Investor Day in New York. I think we'll be able to show you the opportunity to hear about our strategic focus areas, but also most importantly, give you a chance to experience the various spheres we're working to create a better consumer experience and shift the future of payments, give you a chance to touch and feel what we are up to. Thank you for your continued support of the company. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc. Moshe Katri - CRT Capital Group LLC Jason Alan Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Laurie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the MasterCard First Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. I would now like to turn the call over to Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us for a discussion about our first quarter 2016 financial results. With me on the call this morning are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the question-and-answer session. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask a question. Even if you think you have already dialed into the queue, you need to register again following our prepared comments. This morning's earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at mastercard.com. The documents have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one month. Before we get started, I'd like to point out a change we have made around reporting the impact of currency on our business. As Martina mentioned on our last earnings call, we realize it has become more difficult for many of you to model our business as FX rates continue to move around. Therefore beginning this quarter, instead reporting FX adjusted growth rates, which only reflected the translational impact of two functional currencies, the euro and the Brazilian real, we are now reporting currency neutral growth rates which include both the impact from translating functional currencies into US dollars for reporting purposes as well as the underlying impact of local currencies being converted into their functional currency. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today's call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release as well as contained in our recent SEC filings. And now with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Ajay.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Barbara. Good morning everybody. We were very pleased to deliver solid results this quarter, despite what I think everybody would agree is an ongoing mixed global economic environment. On a currency neutral basis, we reported net revenue growth of 14% and an EPS growth of 1%. But when you remove the impact of the nonrecurring discrete tax credit and the balance sheet remeasurement related to Venezuela in last year's first quarter, our EPS growth is 12%. So now let's take a look at the global economy, and I think it's largely unchanged from what we discussed last quarter with the US economy remaining solid with inflation and wages growing at a similar pace and the unemployment rate kind of holding steady at 5%. We just saw the unemployment rate numbers coming out this morning as well. However, as we know from the Fed comments yesterday, uncertainty remains about when they might take action as well as the potential impact from the global economy. So looking at the rest of the world, the economic outlook continues to be mixed. In Europe, both consumer confidence and economic sentiment declined slightly this quarter. However, recent stimulus measures by the European Central Bank and steady improvement in the unemployment rate I think should continue to drive growth across the region, particularly in the UK and Germany. Asia is still challenged by the continued slowdown in China. Consumer confidence remains cloudy with the exception being India where both consumer and business sentiment remain high. In Latin America, Brazil is still in the worst recession in the country's history, and of course, economic conditions in Venezuela are deteriorating further. But Mexico is stable and it seems to be driven by solid consumer spending and declining inflation. So none of this surprises us, but it does seem that we are likely to remain in a period of economic uncertainty. And so that said, we've continued to work hard to ensure that our business maintains its strong growth trajectory and we are seeing double-digit volume and transaction growth across most of our markets. In addition, we are benefiting from the successful integration of our recent acquisitions and continuing to grow our services business. As I told Barbara yesterday, at this time, steady as she goes is what our focus is. So now let's move on to some of our recent business activity. During the quarter, we signed a number of new deals and renewals supporting the expansion of our business around the world. I want to give you a few examples. In Europe, we extended our contract with Nordea, which is the largest bank in the Nordics for their consumer credit and their commercial card portfolios and we added the rollout of MasterPass and In Control with them. Staying in Europe, we also renewed and extended our contract with DSGV, the largest banking group in Martina's home country of Germany, for their credit business. We also included the rollout of MasterPass. Further, we added a new debit portfolio with UniCredit, a leading European financial group based in Italy. In Asia, we just recently renewed and expanded our contracts with both Mitsubishi UFJ NICOS, which is one of the largest issuers in the region for their consumer and their commercial credit business, and with Maybank, the largest bank in Malaysia, for their credit and debit business. And finally, I'm going to talk a little bit about an example of working with a number of our merchant partners and I'm going to give you a specific example. This one is of McDonald's. We've talked in previous calls of a partnership with them in the Middle East, now in South Africa as well, where McDonald's is leveraging MasterPass to simplify the ordering process as well as utilizing contactless functionality at their restaurants. Of course the idea is to improve the drive-through and the dining experience. But our McDonald's partnership actually has now gone beyond the core business. Now they're also a customer of Applied Predictive Technologies, or APT, the cloud-based data and analytics company that we acquired last May. McDonald's use APT's software to analyze a variety of strategic initiatives, including new food and menu items, determining which items should be on the menu and other business priorities. And that's just one of the many examples of the value we can provide to our merchant partners when you combine products that we have with the data analytics that we are capable of analyzing with them. So next I'd like to give you an update on how we are advancing our strategy in the digital payments space, and I'm going to start with MasterPass. So remember, we're in a marathon here, and we're making great progress with our digital by default strategy. Now that's about enabling issuers to auto-enroll cardholders onto the MasterPass platform without any additional effort having to be made by the consumer. We're looking forward to announcing some bank partners who will be leveraging this ability in the near future. And as we continue to drive new acceptance of MasterPass as well, we are closing in on signing up about 270,000 merchants representing more than $160 billion in addressable volume. Earlier this month, Vodafone Egypt migrated nearly 2 million Vodafone Cash wallets from their closed loop system to our mobile Payment Gateway platform, and that enables us to process all of their transactions. This migration builds on our goal of creating an interoperable network across the Egyptian mobile payment ecosystem that I've spoken to in an earlier call and helps to drive our strategy of financial inclusion and of course accelerate the conversion of cash. And then moving on to MasterCard Digital Enablement Service, or MDES. We continue to make significant progress around making digital transactions more secure via encryption and tokenization. In Asia, we're pleased to now have more than 30 issuers signed up for the MDES service. We also launched the first NFC-based wallet in Latin America with Citi Banamex in Mexico utilizing our cloud-based payments technology. And by the way, this wallet, the Citi Banamex one, was created by developers from our C-SAM acquisition, which actually gave us access to a very talented pool of engineers who are enabling us to build out capabilities for issuers and merchants exactly like the example of Citi Banamex. And finally, we continue to support our digital partners by helping Android Pay launch in the UK, and both Samsung Pay and Apple Pay are expanding to Singapore. We are also pleased to be partnering with Facebook as they leverage MDES to test tokenization by enabling pilot participants to interact with sellers and advertisers directly on the platform to complete their purchases all without ever having to leave the Facebook app. So moving on to safety and security. You know there's a lot of effort from us and others going into this space and as a result of successful biometric trials in the Netherlands and the US that we announced last August, we're actually launching MasterCard Identity Check, fondly referred to as selfie pay, in the US, Canada, and parts of Europe this summer with more countries to be announced soon. Much of the initial interest in Identity Check has come and been attached to the consumer side of these businesses. But interestingly, we're actually currently working with BMO Financial Group, that's the Bank of Montreal in Canada, to roll out the first corporate credit card program using selfie pay in both the US and Canada. In addition, we recently launched IQ Series. That's a suite of products which uses real-time intelligence to impart issuers to make more informed fraud management decisions, as well as most importantly, potentially decrease the growing problem of false declines. Industry studies are showing that one out of every six cardholders have experienced at least one decline because of suspected fraud in the past year. And that by the way adds up to false declines of $118 billion a year, or several times the actual amount of true card fraud. Next, we worked with our issuers to deliver additional benefits to our cardholders and kind of protect them even more from fraud. As of two weeks ago, all MasterCard consumer and small business cardholders are now covered by the industry's first global, all around the world, zero liability promise, ensuring they're not responsible for any unauthorized charges. And while on the topic of safety and security, let's spend a minute on the status of EMV in the US. We now have about 67% of our consumer credit cards and 24% of our consumer debit cards with chips in them. Roughly 1.2 million US merchant locations are now accepting these cards. And while that's good progress we are seeing across the industry, and also in our own numbers, I think everybody recognizes that checkout times at the terminal may appear longer when using a chip card. And to help address that concern, we announced M/Chip Fast, which is to help speed EMV transactions, you'll leverage the capabilities of our existing contactless technology, which as you know, has been deployed in various transit and other applications around the world. Using that, cardholders will experience mag stripe transaction speed but with the added security of EMV and chip. At the same time, we've got to make this happen in collaboration with the industry, including other networks to look at how to bring a consistent approach to the market and best support the EMV checkout experience. And the point of all these examples is that people shop with all sorts of devices and through multiple channels. And they expect technology to simplify that process while keeping the transaction safe and secure. Now I gave you all these examples to demonstrate and reinforce our commitment to protecting every transaction. It doesn't matter whether it took place in the physical world or the digital world. We are committed to doing this. Just for the last several minutes talking to you about how we have grown our business through a series of organic investments, and it's important to recognize we have also been growing our business by integrating the various acquisitions we made over the past few years, trying to expand our presence across the payment value chain. So let me give you a couple of examples across information services and processing. So let's start by information services, that business within Advisors. I mentioned APT earlier when I talked about McDonald's. One of the great things about their subscription-based business model is that it generates a recurring revenue stream with an average contract length of about three years. And since the acquisition, we've integrated the sales and product organizations of APT with Advisors to drive some pretty good benefits. Let me give you an example. Since their acquisition, 30 organizations have subscribed to the APT platform in long-term contracts, and in addition to McDonald's that I talked about, I'll give you a few more: Asahi Breweries in Japan, Sunoco in the US, and in the UK, KFC. We have also signed more than 15 new deals incremental to APT's earlier business as usual efforts. In other words, using MasterCard's client relationships and coverage, including by the way one of the largest airlines in Europe, one of the largest retailers in Brazil, two of the largest financial institutions in Asia and several in the US. What's exciting about all these deals is that they include expanding relationships with long-time APT clients who now also license newly created product modules, leveraging insights derived from MasterCard data. Now finally we launched APT Engage, which is a suite of products which leverages aggregated and anonymized MasterCard payment transaction data combined with APT's proprietary analytics to help issuers and merchants better understand customer spending behavior, so which products have higher loyalty as well as planning for new retail locations. That's about information services. On to processing. The idea there being to extend our capabilities beyond switching, getting beyond authorizing, clearing and settlement. Through our Payment Transaction Services business, we signed a deal with BNP Paribas in Poland to provide issuer processing services, which by the way has also enabled us to become one of the major third-party processors in the country. Here in the US, our year-old partnership with Green Dot to process all of their debit and prepaid cards has resulted in the successful migration of now approximately 50 million account files with another 50 million to occur over the balance of 2016. And lastly in the same business, we enabled several transit operators in Turkey to begin using NFC capabilities by processing contactless cards and thereby allowing us to increase our share of domestic processed transactions. Staying with processing on the Prepaid Management Services side, we've just implemented a card program with British Airways to facilitate compensation payments to BA passengers for delayed or canceled flights or lost luggage. We also launched the first dual purpose travel insurance and multi-currency prepaid travel product with Flight Centre, which is one of the world's largest travel agencies. And lastly as a result of integrating our acquired assets into our Payment Gateway Services business, we are now able to offer products globally, which include integrated fraud and risk management solutions to both merchants and to acquirers. We're already seeing several new wins including four new deals with key acquirers and resellers in Australia, India, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, who can now offer these capabilities to their merchant base and in turn, that kind of helps us expand our footprint in these markets. We've also worked to ensure that our Payment Gateway provides acceptance of the latest digital payment methods. We now support both Apple Pay and Android Pay in addition to MasterPass. Look, we all recognize these acquisitions require a certain amount of time, investment and resources to integrate. We've worked very hard to ensure this happens seamlessly and efficiently. We're now clearly seeing the benefits that come from them, both in our dialogue and in our engagement with our customers. So with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Martina for an update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning everyone. Let me begin by giving you some highlights on the first quarter, starting with page three, where you see the difference between as reported and currency neutral growth rates for this quarter. As Barbara explained at the start of this call, we have now changed how we report the impact of currency. So instead of reporting FX adjusted growth rates, which only reflected the translational impact of the euro and the Brazilian real functional currencies, we are now reporting currency neutral growth rates, which exclude all impacts of foreign exchange rates. This is both the impact from translating functional currencies into US dollar for reporting purposes as well as the underlying impact of local currencies being converted into the functional currency. We hope that this change will make it easier for you to understand the underlying performance of our business. And all of my comments going forward will pertain to our new currency neutral growth rates. Net revenue growth was 14%. While operating expenses grew significantly, this was mostly due to the difference between FX hedging and balance sheet remeasurement gains that we had in the year-ago quarter versus foreign exchange losses on our hedging contracts in this quarter. I will talk more about this when we get into the detail of operating expenses. As expected, net income was also impacted by a higher tax rate than in the year-ago quarter due to the non-recurrence of a discrete US foreign tax credit from which we benefited in the first quarter of 2015. EPS was $0.86, up 1% year-over-year. But as Ajay said, it was impacted by $0.08 due to the discrete tax item that I just mentioned and the Venezuela balance sheet remeasurement gain in the year-ago quarter. When you exclude these two items, EPS grew 12%. Share repurchases contributed $0.03 per share, and as of April 21, we have $2.9 billion remaining under our current authorization. And lastly, cash flow from operations was $1 billion, and we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalent and other liquid investments of about $6.2 billion. So let me turn page four, and here you can see the operational metrics for the first quarter. Included in these numbers is a positive lift of about 1% due to leap day on all of our metrics. Our worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV growth was 13% on a local currency basis. That's about up 1% from last quarter. Overall, our US GDV grew 10%, made up of credit and debit growth of 11% and 8% respectively. Total US GDV had a continued 1% headwind from lower gas prices. Outside of the US, volume growth was 15% on a local currency basis, also up about 1% versus last quarter with mid to high teens growth in each region except Canada, which was impacted by that lapping of our Costco win. Cross-border volume grew 12% on a local currency basis, and that's similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter. Turning the page five, processed transactions grew 14% globally to $12.6 billion, a 2% increase from what we saw in the fourth quarter, with higher growth in all regions except Canada, again due to the lapping of our Costco win. Globally, the number of cards grew 7%, with 2.3 billion MasterCard and Maestro branded cards issued. Let me turn to page six for highlights on a few of the revenue line items. Net revenue growth was 10% as reported or 14% on a currency neutral basis given currency headwinds. We saw strong volume and transaction growth, particularly in the US and Europe, and some of which was due to the impact of leap year. Rebates and incentives were slightly higher than what we expected due to deal renewals. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items on a currency neutral basis. Domestic assessments grew 13%, in line with worldwide GDV growth. Cross-border volume fees grew 14% while cross-border volume grew 12%. The 2% gap is due to a number of pricing actions partially offset by a higher mix of intra-Europe activity. Transaction processing fees grew 18%, primarily driven by the 14% growth in processed transactions as well as some pricing. And finally, other revenues grew 22%, driven primarily by our APT acquisition and our Safety and Security product offerings. Moving on to page seven, here you can see that total operating expenses increased 25% in the quarter or 29% on a currency neutral basis. Most of this increase is due to FX movements recorded in our G&A line. I mentioned on our last earnings call that we recorded a large amount of FX gains in the year-ago quarter, mostly due to one-time gains related to Venezuela. The absence of those gains plus the unrealized losses we recorded this quarter on our FX hedging activity due to the weakening of the US dollar relative to year-end 2015 resulted in an almost $130 million increase to expenses. Excluding this and a 4% impact from acquisitions we did not have in the year-ago quarter, G&A grew 11% as a result of our continuing investment in areas such as digital, data analytics, and safety and security. The increase in depreciation and amortization expense is primarily due to the amortization of intangibles related to our acquisitions. So now I'm going to turn to slide eight. Let's discuss what we have seen in April through the 21st. While many of our business drivers are similar to the first quarter, direct comparisons to the first quarter are a bit difficult since it had the benefit of both leap day and Easter. The numbers through April 21 are as follows. Starting with processed volume, we saw global growth of 13%, the same as in the first quarter. In the US, our processed volume grew 10%, down roughly 1% from the first quarter with slower growth in both credit and debit. Gas had less than 1% negative impact on our April growth, down slightly from the first quarter impact. Processed volume outside the US grew 16%, up 1% from the last quarter with higher growth in most regions and primarily driven by Europe and APMEA. Global processed transaction growth was 14%, the same as we saw in the first quarter. Processed transaction growth outside the US was up a bit with increases in APMEA and LAC while the US growth was down almost 2% due to slower growth in both credit and debit. With respect to cross-border, our volumes grew at 11% globally, down 1% from last quarter with slower growth in Europe, primarily due to the timing of Easter. Let me start out with a quick comment about our long-term performance objectives for 2016 to 2018, which excluded the impact from our two major functional currencies, the euro and the Brazilian real, as well as excluded any new M&A activities. Since we are now making the change to recognize the impact of all foreign exchange on our business, we reviewed these objectives and determined that no change is required from what we issued previously because we had baked in very little local FX impact over the three-year period. Therefore our 2016 to 2018 objectives remain as follows but are now on a currency neutral basis. Net revenue CAGR of low double digits, operating margin of at least 50%, and an EPS CAGR in the mid teens and measured off a 2015 pro forma EPS figure of $3.12. Now moving specifically to this year, there's really no change in our outlook for the business from what we discussed with you on our earnings call back in January. The US and European economies are showing some sign of improvement, but the rest of the world remains challenged. In addition, FX headwinds will continue to be with us into 2016, although likely not as significant as 2015 given current FX rates. And our underlying business fundamentals remain strong. We will continue to run the company for growth both on the top and on the bottom line as well as balancing our investments with astute expense management. As we look at full-year 2016 and after factoring in our new currency neutral methodology, we continue to expect to be at the low end of our three-year revenue growth range. When you model on an as reported basis, you will need to adjust to the impact of all currencies and at the current rates, we estimate that it would mean about a 3% headwind on net revenue growth and about a 4% headwind to the bottom line. And let me call out a few other items that you should consider when modeling 2016. So for rebates and incentives, we continue to expect to see growth in the high teens, slightly lower than the 20% as reported growth rate we saw in 2015. On expenses, we still expect total operating expense growth in the high single digit range on an as reported basis. And finally, you should assume a tax rate of slightly less than 30% for 2016. Now let me turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session. Barbara?
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Thank you, Martina. We're now ready to begin the question-and-answer period, and in order to get to as many people as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and then queue back in for additional questions.
Operator: Your first question is from Glenn Greene of Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Good morning. Nice results. I guess I just wanted to ask the first question on somewhat of a slowdown on US volume growth. Obviously still strong, but the January update you had given was 12%. We sort of have the leap year benefit, the timing of Easter. Anything to sort of call out in terms of the gradual slowdown in the US?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Well look, first of all, I think what you saw in the first quarter was very similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter, so there was really a continuation in terms of how the US consumer feels. The first three weeks of the second quarter, so that is April, first of all as I tell you always, it doesn't really make a quarter. But you have the effect of Easter in there, right, because Easter was in March, not in April, and that typically happens to be a bigger effect in the United States.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And in Europe, probably. Those are the two places where Easter has some impact. You'll see less impact from Easter in the other regions of the world. So right now, we got no further conclusion for you, Glenn.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): And any impact at this point from USAA rolling off? Or is that sort of, the timing of that's sort of?
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Very early days, small impact right now. But I'm sure that will build as we told you over the course of the year and into next year.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache of Nomura. Your line is open.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you. Can you give some color around the trajectory of your investment spending as we progress through the year, and maybe any thoughts on when we can expect positive operating leverage to return? Thank you.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Bill, look, first of all, a couple of thoughts. Our investments does bounce around by quarter or quarter, but we don't give really a quarterly outlook for you, so you're really going to have to think about the high single digit as reported numbers for OpEx in total that I was just telling you about. And that does include all of our operating expenses, including the foreign exchange losses that we booked in the first quarter. So hopefully by knowing the first quarter, you are able to chart out the next three quarters for the year given that we're giving guidance for the high single digit number. In terms of operating leverage, what we have said when we looked at our business, and we do that actually every year, that we feel very comfortable with an operating margin in excess of 50%. Remember, we are really running the business for revenue growth, so for top line growth, which means that we are having to make a number of investments in on the OpEx side in order to generate the bottom line growth. So we are holding that as a metric, and at this point in time, the heavy duty investments that are happening is in the digital arena, is in the data analytics arena as well as in the safety and security arena.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: At the end of the day, if you take out the currencies, our revenue growth was 14% in our G&A growth if you take out these one-timers was 11%. That's kind of how we are running the company on a daily basis. We may have quarters when the gap between the two will be wider. We may have quarters when it's a little narrower, because that's the point that Martina was making. We don't really manage that on a quarterly basis. What we try and do for the year as a whole is to make sure that we have good revenue growth and put money back into the priority areas. That's kind of what you're seeing in our underlying business. FX and balance sheet remeasurement and stuff of that type, it's important. It matters to a shareholder, but if I let that interfere with the way I'm investing in digital and data and safety and security, I don't think that would be the right thing to do. So that's how we're trying to run the place.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, and in fact, the underlying G&A growth of 11%, when you actually extrapolate that to operating expense growth, so same basis, taking out the acquisitions as well as the foreign exchange losses, it was 8%.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: There you go.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: So you would look at the operating expense growth of 8% versus a revenue growth of 14%. So you can actually see that there is positive leverage.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Understood, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani of KBW. Your line's open.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thank you, good morning. I just had a question just on Europe, how things are progressing there as Visa is getting closer to its deal with Visa Europe and then maybe just a little bit about the M&A opportunities out there. Thanks.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, Sanjay, got to wait for Visa to get through with acquisition processes. You heard on their call, they have got some timing change and some construct changes in that. I think the construct changes actually make it simpler for the banks to evaluate what they are getting and what they are not. And so that's actually a good thing for everybody. And the timing change will just have an impact on how these deals progress over time. So we're working our way through it and we're working hard in Europe. And M&A, I presume you're asking about broad ideas on M&A. And broad ideas on M&A aren't any different from what I've told you in the past, which is some deals have come across. We see deals every quarter. We end up probably seeing sometimes as much as 15 to 20 deals. We end up doing one or two, if we're lucky, in the course of a period of time. A couple of years ago, we did more than that. It just depends. It depends on if it's what we need for product or geography or expansion of capabilities. But we are actively looking all the time.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, the areas really haven't changed in terms of what we have told you before, which is in the processing arena, in the information services arena, in the loyalty arena. Technology is really important for us. But those areas really have not changed.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. I guess there have been some press reports about the potential for an acquisition. Could you just talk generally about what types of assets would be kind of interesting at this point, and how you're thinking about the acquisition front?
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Moshe, so there is actually a little bit of that, as Martina was just referring. We're trying to build out capabilities in the areas we've identified over the last three years in our strategic plans and our investor days. Basically, that's in processing, so we get to see more transactions and we get beyond the clearing, authorizing and settlement space of the existing card kind of business. So that's why you saw us doing, and you saw in my opening remarks the commentary on the different processing entities and how they fit into what we are doing. It could be in the DataCash kind of space, which is the Payments Gateway area. It could be with things like Provus and Trevica. Those are all in the regular transaction processing spaces, or it could be in any space that allows us to get to see more transactions. When six, seven years ago, we used to see under 40% of our transactions, we now see close to 50%. That enables us to do a better job with our core products, but even more importantly, with our Information Services and Advisors and Safety and Security products, which is where we're putting some emphasis. So that's the second area beyond processing. Anything that gives us capabilities, strength, geography, product knowledge or skill sets in data analytics, in safety and security, in information services, in loyalty and rewards, hence the acquisitions in Australia that we've done. That's all about those spaces. And we haven't wavered off that. And you know, you read speculation every once in a while, and speculation is speculation until we can announce anything to you. So don't take it to the bank.
Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thank you, and thanks for moving to the FX neutral. It's great.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I told Martina you'd be the most happy boy there.
Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes, my head's always spinning, so a little less spinning is good. I wanted to I guess ask on the US I guess credit overall actually, just credit purchase volume. I saw that US credit volume accelerated a little bit from the metrics sheet. and it outgrew international credit I think for the first time that I can remember. So and the international credit looks like it's slowing a little bit. How much of this is cyclical or are there some other things to consider, some win/loss dynamics maybe that we should be aware of?
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So Tien-tsin, some of it is just that remember for a while, our issuer mix was underperforming soon after and for many years after the crisis. If you look at the reports, you'll find it so happens that our issuer mix is back into growing its volumes and its businesses, and so we're kind of riding that tailwind in our sales in addition to all the other stuff that's going in and out. But the wins and losses you're well aware of. There's almost nothing that you don't know other than smaller institutions, which won't move the numbers the way you think about them. They could move yield but they are unlikely move transaction numbers. And so you'll find our consumer credit and our commercial credit in the first quarter actually both are up over the fourth quarter and both are also kind of doing okay of the course of the year. It's ins and outs, that's in all of them. But most of it would have to do, just exact number for this quarter, would have to do with issuer mix rather than anything dramatic in terms of wins or losses.
Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So nothing to call out with Europe volumes? I can see the data in general, but just from what you can tell with new regulation in place, has there been any impact on volume?
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Not yet, Tien-tsin. As I said, that's why I use that comment of Barbara about steady as she goes. I'm really keen to make this period run through in that form of steady focus.
Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller of Barclays. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, guys. Look, I just want to follow up a bit on the spread between the revenue growth and transactions processed and the volume or the transactions themselves, the growth rate, as well as the cross-border side, the volume there. And I know you mentioned pricing. Typically, we've seen the intra-European volume obviously have a big impact on revenue growth versus volume. I mean it seems like pricing is maybe offsetting that. I guess for me to get an understanding going forward, is there some sort of a shift that's occurred in the level of volume intra-Europe versus other areas? And is pricing big enough and sustainable enough that we should really forecast the revenue growth rate to outperform the volume growth rate cross-border going forward, just given that's a pretty big tailwind.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: So, Darrin, first of all, these were pricing actions that were introduced last April, April 2015, so that means they have anniversaried now with the first quarter. So you're not going see that in any significant way in Q2. And secondly, from an intra/inter European mix, that means the relative growth rates of those cross-border volumes, we really haven't seen much of a difference there. It was a little bit less of a drag than we had in the prior quarters, but it was still a drag.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And by the way, in the cross-border business, in fact, I think that's the other thing you'd like to get a little insight into, the markets that are suffering in terms of our recognizing cross-border business from them are no different from what you would think. Brazil is slower. Nigeria is slower. Canada is a little slower. That's kind of what you would have expected. And China for example, actually is slower into the US but not into other markets. The Chinese cross-border travel seems to be up in a Japan, in an Australia, a little slower into the United States. So all of that is inside the numbers that you see. And that's kind of how you should think about cross-border. We work very hard on cross-border because it's an important part of our business, and the results of our cross-border effort is literally a result of 35,000 different initiatives happening all over the world in different countries on helping to make cross-border be a predictable and good part of our business.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So thanks. So Martina, should we be modeling cross-border revenue to outperform volume in the next few quarters?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: No. I think you should be going back to what we had before.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Moshe Katri of Sterne Agee. Your line is open.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Moshe, are you there? Are you on mute?
Moshe Katri - CRT Capital Group LLC: Yes, can you hear me now?
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Moshe Katri - CRT Capital Group LLC: Hey. So rebate levels remain pretty elevated in terms of growth rates. How should we think about in general the competitive environment? And then on top of that, do we have any large renewals coming up? Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Look, Moshe, first of all, the competitive environment has not changed, right. I mean, we have really said that it's always competitive in terms of winning a business. Price is always one factor, but what really plays is what kind of product suites you can offer and how we sell in to a customer. But the price equation has not changed, and you can actually see that from our rebates level in terms of what we're saying for the whole year. We have not changed our view whatsoever, but you do know that we can never perfectly forecast when we sign a particular deal for renewal. So that happens to be here in the first quarter. We have a few more renewals that we signed that we had charted out for the rest of the year.
Moshe Katri - CRT Capital Group LLC: So we don't have anything significant in terms of large renewals this year? Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: So I think we got pretty much, I mean, every year, we have one or two significant renewals. But at this point, I think we pretty much have gotten our hands around these renewals. Remember, when renewals happen, you typically work at least 12 to 18 months ahead of the renewal of that particular customer, so we got our hands around that pretty well for this year.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: They're all factored into the guidance that she gave you that during the conversation when she was speaking about the fact that our rebates and incentives as a whole, which also include by the way the impact of better volumes. Remember that we are also paying for volume. So there's not just deals, although that's what you're asking about. There's also volume. And volumes are that, just said in reply to Tien-tsin's question, some of our issuer mix is doing better than they used to. So that's all inside that, and she's factored all that in when she said that you should expect rebates and incentives for the year as a whole to be a little lower than what you saw last year, which was around 20%. In the high teens I think are the words that Martina has been using.
Moshe Katri - CRT Capital Group LLC: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Jason Alan Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, guys. Ajay, I wanted to get your reaction to Walmart Pay and the potential for other similar mobile wallet solutions, whether it ends up being a Target Pay or what have you. Because on the surface, this does seem like a different approach from the merchants as opposed to the MCX approach, because it will offer the consumers opportunity to use all tender types including the traditional networks rather than being hyper-focused on reducing acceptance costs and trying to force the use of private label and decoupled debit payment types. What's your perspective? Did you see an actual change in how the merchants are thinking about mobile wallets?
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think this whole mobile space, Jason, is such a fluid and moving space that everybody's trying to figure out what will be the next holy grail. And in truth, I think nobody actually knows. And I think, as I've said many times, it's going to take a few years for this to settle. That's why even companies like ours in mobile, you've seen us place effort, energy, money, bets in everything from whether the transaction data is on the handset or it's in the cloud, whether we are working with mobile network operators or hardware manufacturers or distributors and that stuff. It's all mobile space. It's such an evolving space, and I don't think anybody knows the answers. And I think that's what's going on even with the retailers. I think they're trying to find a way to offer a product and a wallet that their consumer can be connected to for loyalty and not just let a digital player own that space. Also, not just let the banks own that space. The banks, by the way, are doing the same thing. They're trying to make sure they offer products that get the consumer loyal to them and not just let the digital player own that space or the merchant own that space, and of course, the digital player is doing the same thing. So they're all doing a dance right now, and I don't think anybody knows the real answer. But I do believe in two or three underlying factors. The first one is we as a network, we believe that a focus on the person who owns the consumer relationship, in this case the bank or the merchant as it may be, that they are the ones who should be developing the loyalty with that consumer. People like us that are, we're a B2B2C company. We operate through them, and therefore, our role is to facilitate that and do it in a way that drives our business with them and enables our value-added services to be used. So we're very focused on going through them, whether it be through a Walmart or through a Citibank or through a different bank. The second rule that I think applies universally is that more consumer choice in tenders and payments is better than less. And I think that's just to reduce the friction. And there's one large merchant in the United States who doesn't think that way, but otherwise, every other merchant around the world is keen to basically offer more tender choice to their consumer rather than less. And I think that's going to be even more important in the mobile world to reduce friction. I think those kinds of rules apply. And so my view of this is, Jason, don't conclude too much yet, but be prepared to see many efforts going on in different places. I think the days of one model, you know when only one big mobile network or one, or sorry, one big mobile wallet or one big e-commerce wallet existed, those days are going away. There's going to be a lot of competition in that space with multiple tenders, with choice for consumers, and it's going to be interesting to watch where this settles.
Jason Alan Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC: Yeah. All right. It sounds like there won't be just one winner. We'll stay tuned. Thanks.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I don't think there'll be. That's a very good way to end it actually, Jason. I don't think there's one winner in this game. And I don't think you'll even know who the winners are for a few years to come. I mean, a mobile phone is such a small surface area. If everybody had launched all their wallets, you would have no place to sell a product to anyone. You have places to make payments with, which probably is not where the mobile guys are going, and so.
Jason Alan Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC: Thanks for color. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Just wanted to follow up on cross-border. Martina, I think you mentioned that it slowed a little bit on the update due to Europe, so just looking for color on that. And then obviously when you compare your cross-border growth rates versus peers, they seem to be quite a bit higher. Just trying to again reconcile some of the differences there. Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Bryan, look, in terms of the slowing on the cross-border, we obviously see a number of factors. One, certain countries have certain economic issues, so you can put in there Brazil, Venezuela, Russia, Nigeria. So there's a swath of countries who just economically having a really tough time, and you don't see a lot of outbound travel from there. Secondly, there are a number of other countries that just impacted by the stronger dollar, right. So you can see Australia, Canadian dollar. So that number of, those economies that are actually doing okay, but they're not traveling in dollar-indexed countries as much just because the dollar is so strong. And even though we saw a little bit of a weakening of the dollar for the first quarter, it's still at a very, very high level. So I think you will see all of that coming through this year, albeit at a lower level of impact than what we saw in 2015. In terms of reconciling it to competitors, that's a tough one, right. I mean you're going to have to ask them how they do their methodology, but I would presume that outside of Europe, we're seeing relatively similar trends, other than that I hope that we have a little bit of a better growth rate given all of the activities that Ajay has mentioning we are undertaking with various portfolios.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The only other thing I'd add for you is the opposite side of that weakening currencies there has been that we have seen over time some increased US travel into some of the European countries. But all of this kind of washes in and out of the numbers you're seeing. And you do see an impact caused by destabilizing world events. So it so happens that Europe has, back to your European question, Belgium and Turkey are both in our European numbers, and both Belgium and Turkey have had a somewhat difficult time with their security situation over the last few months. And Paris, which got impacted so unfortunately in November last year, has still not recovered to what it used to be prior to November. And so there's a little bit of that inside Europe as well. But at end of the day, it's a little slower than it was in the first quarter, and then of course, there's Easter.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. You have Easter.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And so it's really hard to give you a broken up pattern of all those. All that's washing through the number that we're talking about.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Brendler of Stifel. Your line's open.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, thanks, good morning. Question on Europe real quick. I know you mentioned that you haven't seen any real impact from the EU regulations. But any shift at the margin from credit cards to debit cards as rewards products leave the system? And then an unrelated question quickly, your major competitor in Europe changed the terms of their acquisition on the earnout. Does that have any impact competitively? Thanks.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's too early to see the impact of those EU regulations yet in the kind of numbers that you would want to look at. I think no doubt you will see impact over a period of time. I have every expectation that acceptance will expand because of lower merchant costs.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: And we have seen that.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And we've seen some it already. But the results of their acceptance expanding in terms of impacting our volume in a way that I can give you tangible numbers, you got to just give it a few more months. I have every expectation that the separation of scheme and processing is going to require some work. We're doing that work. It may not impact us enormously in terms of expense in the first quarter, second quarter. But you know what? These are things that all add to work. And I would be loath to tell you that the EU regulations are going to have no impact. I think it's a pretty serious industry move, and it will have an impact for a period of time in the way the consumer behaves, the merchant behaves and the way we construct our business there. The second part about Visa and its Visa Europe stuff, as I said to the first question when I got asked in the beginning, it's still early. It's just been announced by them that they're changing the terms of the manner in which the exact deal's priced as well as the timing. I think over the next two or three months, we'll see what that does in terms of how issuers are thinking. My general sense is it'll make it easier for an issuer to know exactly what they're going to get paid from the exercise of the put, and that'll make it a little easier for them to comprehend what they're getting and what they're leaving behind if they make a decision, which in a sense is a good thing. That's transparency. And the second part of it is it's going to be three months or so later, so it's just going to make it a little longer out on gestation periods. Meanwhile, we're all working away like busy beavers here.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks, Ajay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Perlin of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. So a lot of discussion around kind of gaining local market processing, I think globally and in particular in Europe. I'm wondering, just as a broad rule of thumb, can you give us some sense about implications as you capture more of that for revenue yields?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Well look, when you talk about local processing, I presume you're talking about issuer processing and acquiring processing, the assets that Ajay was talking about in his script. And we have told you before that typically those kind of assets produce a lower yielding transaction than what we see in our switch transaction, so in off-clear and settlement. But the purpose for us is not just to be making money on that processing piece. The primary purposes is that we're doing this in countries where we typically don't switch the transaction. So that means it's a different means for us to be actually seeing the transaction, and then what we do with the transaction is utilizing it for additional services. So as soon as we see a transaction, we can for instance put our safety and security products in it. We can do data analytics in it. So you kind of have to look at this whole picture holistically, not just at the yield that that processed transaction actually produces.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: One thing you know for sure is that, as I've said in previous investor days as well as over time, we are clearly investing in building out our capabilities in these value-added services. We believe those are important for the next decade and two in the business. There's a lot of runway in seeing transactions and processing, because 85% of the world's retail transactions are still cash. So yes, there's a lot of runway, but there's also a lot of runway in building ancillary services that are connected to the transaction. I'm not interested building services that are not connected to our core business. Neither am I interested in building services that have a very high proportion of annual renewal in them. We're trying to build it the right way so that out 10 years and 15 years, it will be an outstanding asset for our company. We told you in, I think the last investor day, Martina, was in September?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think we told you that close to a quarter, a little less than a quarter, of our revenue was now coming from all these services, and we are continuing to focus and grow those.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Now, you had a specific question on revenue yield. Remember how we do revenue yield, right. You're actually looking at switched transactions when you look at the transaction processing fee. That switched transaction does not have included the processed transaction that's coming out of our issuer and acquiring processing. So when you just calculate normal yields, albeit on the domestic assessment side, be it on the cross-border side, be it on the transaction processing side, you're not going to see that impact.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. And then if I could follow up on Ajay, your point you're making on information services that I think at analyst day you said, like you said, around 20%. I think you also had mentioned the margins on that business were around 40%. And I'm just wondering if we think about the update, is there a structural reason why you can't get those to be at or above kind of typical MasterCard margins, or is that just structurally going to be lower longer-term? Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, so let me just take this one moment. First of all, what we said that our services business roundabout are approaching about 25% of our total revenues. And yes, we did say that the margin is around 40% at this point in time. There is a whole mix of different businesses in there. So what I just said about the processing business, typically that is a much lower margin type of business. When you look at some of the information services businesses, it's a higher margin, and when you look at the safety and security business, it's an even higher margin. So Dan, I can't just mix them all together because there's just a number of facets in there. But what we are doing, and this is what we said, is given that we have done a number of acquisitions, folding them together with our assets, we have made, and you remember maybe the restructuring charge that we took 15 months ago or so, we have actually made some really good progress to be increasing the margin of these businesses over time.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And that's kind of what the point that's in the September time or sometime in the fall I think Martina made the point that, yes, the margin is now 40%, but scale does bring a higher margin. Just as, by the way, scaling our core business has been improving our margin over time. So I don't consider these to be inherently lower margin businesses, if that's what you're trying to get certainty on. They're in the mix. There are some that will be inherently lower. There are some that will be inherently higher, just like in our current core business there are different yields and different margins even in our current core business between the different kinds of payments involved and the different kind of things that we do involved there. So it's all about our mix.
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Friedman of Susquehanna. Your line is open.
James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hi. Thanks. It's Jamie at Susquehanna. I was wondering if you could give us any perspective on corporate commercial cards? Are they accelerating, decelerating, and is there an opportunity internationally for those? Thank you.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, so we talked about commercial a little bit as well. But I, honestly I consider the whole commercial business to be a continuing area of growth, and I am sure so do my peers. Because it's not just about us or our peers, it's the marketplace. This commercial business has a nice opportunity for all of us. We signed a deal with Barclays in the UK recently. We've expanded our global agreement at Citibank to include their commercial card portfolios in Asia, in Europe, but also in the United States. We've kind of seen continuing strong adoption of Smart Data, which is our reporting and reconciliation tool. We are seeing continuing adoption of In Control for commercial payments, that's virtual cards. And most interestingly, we're starting to see increasing interest beyond the typical bankcard issuers. You're looking at technology providers, who embed their commercial payment solution into their software and platform. We're working with them. They're working with payment aggregators in insurance and healthcare. It's an interesting space. We're in the early stages of a long run in commercial, but we feel good about where we're going. And we're continuing to see good growth in the, not just in the US, by the way. This is this commentary that you heard me talk about has a number of overseas geographies that are picking up business volume and effort as well.
James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Operator, I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: Your last question today comes from the line of James Faucette of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks very much. I just wanted to follow up on the question around expenses and particularly changes in Europe. I'm just wondering how much and we should expect and when we should expect expenses to start to be incurred around preparation for compliance with EC regulation or potential impact on separation of brand from scheme, et cetera? And I guess just get a gauge from you as how much of an impact we should expect that to have on your P&L. Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: James, so first of all, any impact that we expected from the separation of scheme and processing in Europe was already folded into our performance objectives as well as any commentary that I made about 2016 in terms of operating expenses. So it is all folded in. What we really have to do is we have to separate the switching business into an isolated unit. It's not a legal separation; it's a functional separation. It reports separately from our European President, Javier Perez. It has to have obviously enough of a substance in there so that the unit can go to market as well as that it can do its middle office and back office functions. And so you should expect that while it is a smaller unit, that it will be very well seated with the right kind of people, and it will have some impact on our operating expenses, but as I said, this is already all factored into our commentary.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And I appreciate.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And by the way, just to be clear on that, that's part of what I said in an earlier call. The way Martina manages our expenses is that we're going to do what we've got to do. We've got to do what we do strategically as well as what we are required to do by law in a place. But then, like NSPK for example in Russia, in our G&A line of 11% includes the impact of the Russian processing which is now coming through our expense line, which by the way, is just what it is. We've got to manage it, and it's part of what we're going with. There's no point in my pulling that out separately for you and saying ex-that, I would have been even better. The way we manage this, like we manage acquisitions, once it's ours, it's ours. And we've got to find a way to cut expenses elsewhere while investing in the right things. And you will see us do that on Europe. You've seen us do that on Russia. You will see us do it with all these acquisitions and with the strategic investments. That's kind of what we're trying to do, manage our expenses in all aspects of our lines.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much. That's great.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So thank you all for your questions. I'm going to leave you with a couple of closing thoughts. And the first part is, I think our business is performing well. You see that reflected in our strong volume and transaction growth, and that's despite the somewhat uneven global economy. We are growing revenues from our core businesses but also from our services as we just had a discussion of, both organically and through the ongoing successful integration of our acquisitions for the last few years. We're pleased with our progress across MasterPass, across the MasterCard Digital Enablement system and our partnerships with many of the digital players. But as I said in the answer to Jason, there's a lot of things that will evolve there, and this is a marathon not a sprint. We continue to build on our momentum in safety and security. We are committed to making sure that is what consumers get, no matter which channel or which instrument or device they choose to use to shop on. And we remain very focused on creating a better experience for both cardholders and merchants across all these channels. So thank you for your continuing support of the company, and thank you for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Gasper - Head, IR Ajay Banga - President & CEO Martina Hund-Mejean - CFO
Analysts: Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW Matthew Howlett - UBS Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital David Togut - Evercore ISI Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus Tien-tsin Huang - JPMorgan Don Fandetti - Citigroup Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Jamie Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group Bob Napoli - William Blair Chris Donat - Sandler O'Neill
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sean I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the MasterCard Fourth Quarter Full-Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Head of Investor Relations, Ms. Barbara Gasper, you may begin your conference.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Sean. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us for a discussion about our fourth quarter and full-year 2015 financial results. With me on the call this morning are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the QA makes session. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask a question. Even if you think you have already dialed into the queue, you will need to register again for the QA following our prepared comments. This morning's earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found on the investor relations section of our website, www.mastercard.com. These documents include some reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their GAAP equivalents so I would like to call your attention to the several appendix slides at the end of the slide deck. The documents have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one month. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earning release, I need to remind everyone that today's call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release as well as contained in our recent SEC filings. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Ajay
Ajay Banga: Thank you, Barbara. Good morning, everybody. I'm very pleased to be able to deliver strong results for both our fourth quarter and the full year performance, even with the mixed global economy. For the fourth quarter, after we adjust for the euro and the Brazilian real translations, we report net revenue growth of 9% and EPS growth of 22% driven by solid underlying metrics. And for the full year, we saw net revenue growth of 8% and EPS growth of 18%, excluding special items. And most importantly, when you remove the impact of the functional currency translation, as I just said, for the euro and the Brazilian real, but also for what we call local FX which is the impact from other transactional currency pairs. Our fourth quarter net revenue growth was 12%. And on that basis, for the full year net revenue growth was almost 11%. Moving onto the global economy, we continue to see challenges in many parts of the world. The U.S. economy seems the most resilient and had good growth in both consumer spending and jobs. In Europe, growth is expected to increase at the fastest pace since 2011, although this is at a lower-level, driven by stronger domestic demand and exports. However, several big emerging market economies, China and Brazil being examples, are experiencing either week or slowing growth. And of course oil prices and their impact on oil-sensitive markets around the world, political instability, security concerns in some tourist destinations, these are all concerns that bare careful watching. We're globally connected as a Company and so what you've got to do is to work to successfully navigate through these challenges exactly as we have in the past. So with that backdrop, let's get into our business. Our business continues to grow and our fundamentals remain strong. We saw double-digit volume and transaction growth across all regions except for the U.S. We saw growth in the mid to high single digits. In additionally, our services businesses provide a nice complement to our volume-based core business and continue to show good growth. So moving onto a few highlights of the year and some of our recent business activity. Overall, I'd say 2015 was a year that had its economic challenges and maybe also had a deal of foreign exchange volatility. And as I said earlier, not just in the euro or Brazilian real which are functional currencies, but in the other local transaction currency pairs as well. But despite all that, I think we have navigated these circumstances well and we but significant points on the board as a result of our investments in digital payments in safety and security as well as in a financial inclusion. And this year we've talked about winning some significant customer deals and called on many of those in previous calls, but to cap off the year, let me mention a few that we had in the fourth quarter. So this past quarter we renewed and we expanded our relationships with a number of our larger customers including, in this case, Citigroup's commercial card portfolios in Asia-Pacific, in Europe and the United States. The HSBC premier consumer credit business covering 28 markets around the world. In Italy we signed the long term debit agreement with both Italian to migrate their Maestro cards to debit MasterCard. But we also expanded advisor services to help them drive financial inclusion and digital products for their customers. In Russia, VTB24 which is the second largest bank and the card issuer in that country, is converting their debit card portfolio to MasterCard. And another example, we signed the long term renewal with Qatar National Bank, one of the largest banks in the Arab world, for their debit card portfolio. Turning to China, I don't have anything new to report to you about the opening of the domestic market. That's still a work in process. But we're executing on certain elements that have already been in the draft regulations, such as building out our technology underground. Meanwhile, we're continuing to work with our Chinese customers as they, themselves, prepare for the next wave of payments growth as well as to expand into the digital space. So let me give you two or three examples to give you some color on what are doing. We were closing with Bank of China and ICBC, these are two of China's top five state hold commercial banks, to launch their mobile payment products in China. They're utilizing our organization and cloud-based technologies for that. And while waiting for the new regulations, some banks are beginning to issue single-branded cards with international networks. In 2015 we have launched 32 single-branded programs in China, including one this past quarter with the Bank of Communications for their first single-branded EMV credit card. They also utilize our fraud management products. Now what I mean by single-branded is that we're the only network brand on that card. There is no China union pay on that card. That is what single-branded mean. Finally, we're also seeing more issuance of commercial card products. In the fourth quarter, we won new business to the Bank of Beijing and with the Agriculture Bank of China for their commercial card portfolios. And 2015 was a big year for us in the digital space. We're actually pleased with our progress in our MasterPass. We've launched in 13 new markets this year in the fourth quarter. Japan, Sweden, Ireland, Slovakia were the latest markets to go live and that brings the total number of MasterPass markets to 29. In 2015 we launched the total of 64 new MasterPass enabled wallets with some of the more recent additions being Axis Bank in India, Nedbank in South Africa and the first wallet in Japan with UC Card. We're busy expanding acceptance with premier merchants representing the largest volume opportunities in the marketplace. And you've read about Walmart and Sam's Club, Staples, Sears, JetBlue, Barnes & Noble, College, Crate and Barrel, et cetera, et cetera -- all of whom are launching MasterPass in this coming year of 2016. And in our third quarter earnings call I talked about the launch of the MasterCard Compass for every device program to enable any consumer gadget, any accessory available, whatever, to become a payment device. We also mentioned we were working with fashion designers, with auto makers, with smart band developers. And last quarter we announced our partnership with General Motors to integrate our digital enablement system into their own OnStar platform. And we're actually continuing to build on that momentum because this month, earlier at the consumer electronic, show along with Samsung, we announced Groceries by MasterCard. That's basically a new app that allows consumers to order groceries directly from their new Family Hub refrigerator.  We've also announced the partnership with Coin, that's the consumer electronics and financial software company. They will help us to bring MasterCard payments to a wide array of fitness bands like those from Atlas Wearables or Moov or smart watches from Omate and other available devices. While none of these is expected to be big on their own, it kind of demonstrates the breadth of the opportunity in digital payments and our engagement to that opportunity as every device over the next two years begins to enable commerce. Another area of focus for us in 2015 was safety and security. And there have been some big moves in this space, including significant progress in the U.S. EMV migration -- even though the industry was slightly short of its forecast of 50% of issued credit and debit cards being chip-enabled by the end of the year, they're pretty close. As volume from chip-enabled cards continues to grow, we still expect almost all U.S. cards to be upgraded before the end of 2017. And merchants are continuing to enable new terminals and ATMs are being upgraded as well. So this is kind of a work in progress but in the right direction. Looking beyond the U.S., we deployed a number of security solutions from tokenization to Selfie Pay to something called Safety Net. And Safety Net is our real-time fraud solution. What it does is it detects attacks upon threats globally across all products, all channels -- that's point-of-sale and ATM. And it's a great example of how we're leveraging the unique capability of our global network and analytical capability. It can identify, isolate and stop cyber-attacks often before the bank is even aware of them. And as a result, now more than 80% of our issuers around the world and are using Safety Net as a service from us. That's an example of the kinds of products we're building in our services business which is, as you know, advisors consulting information services with all these safety and security products. And loyalty and rewards are all apart of this services effort that we're putting into place. So last year as part of our financial inclusion efforts we signed about 600 new government programs, including, I think, some very innovative ones. The example of the Egyptian government comes to mind. We were going to extend financial services to more than 54 million Egyptians by linking their national digital ID, something the government is issuing, to a mobile wallet to receive government benefits, employer payroll as well as a P2P capability across all banks and all telcos, by the way. It's a countrywide effort. And finally we've worked through various regulatory challenges, including being the first network to migrate domestic card transactions to the new Russian NSP card switch [ph] as well as implementing the new European payment regulations. So that's 2015. Some business wins, something about what we're doing and digital and MasterPass, what we're up to in services and safety and security and the work in financial inclusion and as a backdrop behind the revenue numbers I gave you. But looking forward 2016, we expect this year to similar to what we saw in 2015. It's a complex environment. I consider that currency will remain a challenge over the course of the year. The dollar is going to keep strengthening. But our plan is to stay focused on executing our strategy to displace cash, to play a defining role in digital and innovate for the future. And that means expanding our services businesses as well. We've got to grow our processing capabilities so we can see more transactions that then enable us to provide greater insights through analytics as well as providing robust safety and security solutions so we can offer better protection for our cardholder, for merchants and for our issuing bank partners. We're going to continue to pursue profitable market share while diversifying our revenues. And at the same time, I think you'll find us continue to work hard to manage our expenses so we can allocate more resources to these growth areas And with that, I'm going to turn it over to Martina for an update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks, Ajay and good morning, everyone. As you just heard, despite strong FX headwinds, we closed out the quarter well. Let me give you some highlights on the fourth quarter starting with page 3 where you can see the difference between asset reported and FX adjusted gross rates. So EPS growth was 14% or 22% after adjusting for currency. Continued revenue momentum, good cost control, executing on our tax strategies and purchasing shares all contributed to that performance. Acquisitions that we made in 2014 and 2015 drove $0.03 of EPS dilution in the quarter. Included in our other income and expense line was $83 million of impairment charges, predominantly related to some of our very early investments in mobile. A number of these investments have performed well, while others have not met our expectations. Next, our tax rate of 13.1% in the quarter was more favorable than we expected due to the benefits that resulted from the impact of settlements with tax authorities related to the tax audits that I have mentioned as a possibility at our investor day last September. Share repurchase contributed $0.02 per share to our fourth quarter results. As of January 22, we have $4.2 billion remaining under our current authorization. Lastly, cash from operations was $1 billion. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and other liquid investments of about $6.7 billion. So let me turn to page 4 where you can see the operational metrics for the fourth quarter. Our worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV, was up 12% on a local currency basis, down 1 PPT from last quarter. Overall, our U.S. GDV grew 8%, made up of credit and debit growth of 9% and 8% respectively. Total U.S. GDV had a continued almost 2 PPT headwind from lower gas prices. Outside of the U.S., volume growth was 14% on a local currency basis, down to PPT versus last quarter with mid-teens growth in each region. And on cross-border volume, we grew 12% on a local currency basis, lower than the 16% we saw in the third quarter, primarily driven by the political instability and economic conditions around the world as well as the lapping of some recent wins in Europe and Canada. Turning to page 5 you can see global process transaction growth was 12%, the same as what we saw in the third quarter. We continued to see double-digit growth in all regions outside of the U.S. And globally, the number of cards grew 7% with $2.3 billion MasterCard and Maestro branded cards issued. Now let's turn to page 6 for some highlights on a few of the revenue line items. Net revenue growth was 4% as reported or 9% FX adjusted, given currency headwinds. Additionally, the impact of local currency exchange rates was higher than we expected, more than 3 PPT, driven by currency such as the Venezuelan bolivar and the Canadian dollar. After eliminating both currency impacts, our underlying net revenue growth was about 12%. Rebates and incentives were slightly higher than we expected due to the timing of some deal in the works and acquisitions contributed about 2 PTT to net revenue growth, up slightly from the 1 PPT we saw last quarter. Looking quickly at the individual line items -- revenue line items on an FX adjusted basis. Domestic assessments grew 10% while worldwide GDV grew 12%. This 2 PPT gap is primarily due to the impact of local currency, somewhat offset by pricing. Cross-border volume fees grew 13% while cross-border volume grew 12%. Of the 1 PPT gap, the majority is due to a higher mix of intra-Europe activity, some local currency impact and lower inbound U.S. cross-border volume -- essentially offset by pricing. Transaction processing fees grew 13%, primarily driven by the 12% growth in process transaction. Finally, other revenue grew 26%, driven primarily by advisors as well as our an APT and TNS acquisition. Moving on to page 7 you can see that total operating expenses increased 1% in the quarter or 4% on an FX adjusted basis. This growth was essentially all driven by M&A activities as we focused on integrating the acquisitions we made in 2014 and 2015. So you can see the underlying expense growth was essentially flat from last year. The non-recurrence of a significant severance charge in the last -- in last year's fourth quarter was offset by several factors including additional personnel expense as a result of our investment and strategic growth areas, higher processing costs due to both more transactions across our network as well as the fees paid to NSP card for processing [indiscernible] Russian transactions and lower foreign currency related gains versus the prior year. Let me turn to slide 8. And here we can discuss what we have seen in January through the 21. Most of our business drivers are a bit higher or similar to what we experienced in the fourth quarter. But here are the numbers through January 21. Starting with processed volume, we saw global growth of 14%, up 2 PPT from the fourth quarter. In the U.S. our processed volume grew 13%, up almost 4 PPT from the fourth quarter, with higher growth in both credit and debit. Gas had a 1 PPT negative impact on our January growth compared to the almost 2 PPT drag in the fourth quarter. Processed volume outside the U.S. grew 16%, the same as the fourth quarter with doubled digit growth in each region. Globally processed transaction growth was 13%, up slightly from the 12% we saw in the fourth quarter. And growth outside the U.S. slowed just a bit, primarily due to the lapping of some business wins as well as a slowdown in Brazil. U.S. growth was up 2 PPT, driven by improvements in both credit and debit. And with respect to cross-border, our volumes grew at 12% globally. That's the same that we saw in the fourth quarter. Now let me start out talking about our long term performance objectives which as you know exclude the translation impact of our euro and Brazilian real functional currencies. On that basis, for the 2013 to 2015 period net revenue growth was 10.5%, close to the low end of the range. Beyond the euro and Brazilian real, we experienced extremely strong foreign exchange headwinds from the other local currency pairs that Ajay has just referenced which resulted in about 2 PPT impact to our compound annual growth rate. Therefore, the underlying net revenue growth for this period was over 12%. We achieved our margin commitments and delivered a 19.2% compound annual growth for EPS over the period excluding the tax benefits we saw in the fourth quarter of 2015. Again, when I exclude the impact from those local currency pairs, the EPS CAGR was over 20%. Now let's move on to our 2016 to 2018 objectives which are net revenue CAGR of low double digits, operating margin of at least 50% and an EPS CAGR in the mid-teens. Remember, these objectives are on the constant currency basis and exclude any new M&A activities. Going forward, you should be using a pro forma 2015 EPS figure of $3.12 as the starting point for the three-year EPS CAGR calculation. The pro forma number is calculated based on a normalized 2015 tax rate of 30.4% which adjusts for several one-time tax benefits. The largest of these is from the significantly favorable outcome of some tax audits that concluded late in 2015. And consistent with the methodology we have used in the past, it also excludes the impact of special items. As you heard from Ajay, we expect 2016 to be a continuation of 2015. For the U.S. and European economies are showing signs of strength but the rest of the world remains challenged. In addition, foreign exchange volatility will continue to be with us into 2016. We have navigated through periods like this before and we will continue to run the Company for growth, both on the top and bottom line as well as balancing our investments with astute expense management. So as we look at full-year 2016, our underlying business fundamentals remain strong. However, we expect to be at the low end of our were three-year performance objectives due to current FX levels relative to where they were back in September when we first developed these objectives. These objectives already included some level of local FX headwinds, though they are now expected to be higher than what we assumed in September. And I know as you model all your numbers on an as-reported basis, you need to adjust for the impact of our euro and Brazilian real functional translation. And at current rates, that results in a 2 PPT headwind on net revenue growth and a 3 PPT headwind to bottom line growth. For 2016 let me call out a few additional items that you should also consider. For rebates and incentives we expect to see slightly lower growth this year than the 20% as-reported growth rate that we saw in 2015 which is much different than what we see in some of your current models. On expenses, just a couple of comments you just heard Ajay talk about putting money into our growth areas. Well for 2015 that was focused on a number of acquisitions. With that integration process well underway, this year we will accelerate our investments in digital, certain geographies such as China as well as in safety and security. Also, in last year's first quarter we had $40 million of FX gains in the G&A line associated with the events in Venezuela that are not expected to recur this year. As a result, you should expect our total operating expense growth to increase in the high single-digit range. Now having said, that as you all know, we always plan our investments with a certain degree of flexibility depending on the market or macroeconomic environment. We're already prepared with contingency plans to adjust expenses, should the need to course correct the necessary. In the other expense line, interest expense associated with the euro denominated debt that we issued last November at roughly $10 million to our normal underlying run rate of roughly $15 million per quarter. So this is $15 million per quarter. You should assume a roughly similar tax rate for 2016 as the 30% normalized rate I just spoke about four 2015. And finally we realize that it's becoming more difficult for many of you to model our business as FX rates continue to move around. We're thinking how to make this entire topic more transparent so stay tuned on this. Now let me turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session. Barbara?
Barbara Gasper: Thanks, Martina. We're now ready to begin the question and answer period. And in order to get to as many people as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and then queue back in for additional question. Sean?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Bill Carcache from Nomura. Your line is open.
Bill Carcache: Martina, I had a question on the 2015 base. There is some confusion since the three-year guidance that you guys gave at the investor day was on a constant-currency basis. But it looks like the 312 that you guys are pointing to an appendix D strips out some significant items but doesn't add back FX headwinds yet. In appendix C you guys include the FX adjustment for the 2012 to 2015 period. Can you just walk us through the thought process behind that please?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes. So first of all when you look at the objective from 2013 to 2015, you have to start with the base of 2012. Right? And the base in 2012 are basically actual numbers adjusted for only one line item, which was the tax line item -- basically our special tax benefits that are not expected to be repeated. So that's the $2.14. When you walk to 2015, what we did there is you have to adjust for foreign exchange for the euro and the BRL because that is -- when we do our performance objective on an FX adjusted basis -- so you put basically back in $0.21 on top of the EPS that we print. Right? So you start with an EPS of $3.35. You add in the special items of $0.08, which is $3.43. You add back the foreign exchange, which is $0.21. You are adding back the acquisitions and you are adding back these one-time tax items, all of which we called out, which gets you to the $3.62. And when you do the differential between the $2.14 to the $3.62 you are getting actually that 19.2% compounded annual growth rate. So that is the history. Now let me focus on 2015 and going forward. So for the 2016 to 2018 financial objectives -- 2015 you are not starting with the $3.62 because that is an FX adjusted number. Of course we're going to have to start with the real number -- with an actual number, right? So you start again with a $3.35. That's exactly our as-reported number in the financials. You adjust for that for the special items, which is the $0.08. So you are going to $3.43. And then you are putting in -- and then you are taking out the tax items $0.31 of that. And that's how you get to $3.12. So you are on actual FX rates for the starting point, you adjusted for the special item and you self-adjusted for the special tax items. That's how you get to the $3.12, which is the basis upon which we calculate our future EPS performance.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW. Your line is open.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Martina, following along your thought process line -- so when we look ahead 2016, what we would do is take that $3.12, grow it by the mid-teens and then account for the 3 percentage point headwind of the local currencies? Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, that is what you're going to have to do--
Sanjay Sakhrani: 15 at the high end -- it will be 12% growth off the $3.12.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So first of all, Sanjay, you start with the $3.12. You grow it for whatever number you want to grow it at for the next three years. My statement for foreign exchange was only an outlook for 2016. Right? I have not given you an outlook for 2016 to 2018. So when you look at your 2016 numbers, whatever numbers you are going to come up on topline to net revenue, to get to the as-reported you are going to have to take 2 PPT out. When you look at the bottom line, both for net income and EPS, you are going to have to take 3 PPT out in order to get to your as-reported. But that's a 2016 statement, not a three-year statement.
Sanjay Sakhrani: I'm sorry to follow up on that. On the low end of the targeted range of -- for low -- or for mid-teens is?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Look, we have low double-digit growth. That is our three-year guidance. And we are at the low end of the low double-digit.
Ajay Banga: So just to be clear, all we are saying -- bake through all this stuff -- all we are seeing is 2016 is turning out to be a crazier year than we thought in September only because between September and December lots of local currencies moved around. And those normally are inside our revenue number. We're just trying to make you understand that. That's all we are doing. Beyond that, the euro and the real are the euro and real. They are functional currency's. You guys are more used to that one. In that there's a 2 PPT headwind on revenue and a 3 PPT on net income and EPS. I'll she's trying to do is clarify that for you for 2016. We'll be at the lower end of our numbers. And when you do actual as-reported as compared to FX, just make sure your account for the euro and the real. That is all we're trying to provide you with guidance on. Other than that, we are conducting our business the way we normally conduct it. We're going after business, volume, revenue, diversification, services and the rest of it.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matthew Howlett from UBS. Your line is open.
Matthew Howlett: Can you just clarify the trends you said? In January you said everything was trending up over 4Q?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes. So in January 21, just to repeat that, processed volume we actually saw growth of 14%. So that's up 2 PPT from the fourth quarter. In the US actually we grew 13%, up almost 4 PPT from the fourth quarter. And then outside of the US it was pretty much the same as the fourth quarter at 16%. Our processed transaction growth also up slightly at 13%. We saw 12% in the fourth quarter. And then cross-border was pretty much the same. The cross-border growth was right at that 12% that we saw in the fourth quarter.
Matthew Howlett: And then just on the China region, with the wins you are having over there, is that going to take all the offset? We just noticed a weakness in that region. Can you just maybe just go a little bit more in detail in terms of what you're seeing overall versus the wins you are gaining?
Ajay Banga: Yes. So look, I don't think it that China's wins per say on these single-banded cards and the like. They all take time to build as numbers. I do think that China spending is what you are concerned about. And what you will find interestingly is not that Chinese tourists are not traveling. They're traveling to different places. Earlier, instead of going to greater China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, a lot of that, today they're going more Japan, as an example. Japan has actually seen a surge of 115% in tourist arrivals from China compared to the prior year. So, current direction and location is changing. Domestic spending is certainly impacted in China. I was in China last week and you could see it there. So I don't know that merely winning a few more deals will change the nature of revenue growth trajectory in China over the course of one year. Over the course of a couple years, absolutely. It can help. But I wouldn't assume that China's revenue growth will be exactly as it used to be just given the amount of economic change that is going on in that country.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller from Barclays. Your line is open.
Darrin Peller: It's nice to see the solid expense management when you need to. And I guess we looked at how this quarter -- your expenses did grow by call it mid-single digit on a constant-currency basis, including acquisitions. But excluding deals, you guys had roughly flat expenses in the quarter. I know you mentioned investments in China and digital and security but I also thought you guys were doing that throughout this year. So I guess just some clarity on why that couldn't be roughly low-single digits again or flattish even with the same reinvestments in China and digital. Especially if your acquisitions are coming down, I think, now, right?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Well our acquisitions are actually starting to be really part of our base business and doing very well, I have to say. But what really we have to dial up, and we talked about that quite a bit in September with you, is two areas. One is China. Ajay was already mentioning that we have started to put our investments on the ground. 2016 will be a fairly heavy-duty year for that. And that will require some investment. And the second area is still digital. As you heard, we already rolled out MasterPass in 29 countries. There's a heck of a lot more that we have to do and we have to gather a lot more banks issuers as well as merchants onto that platform. So those are the very -- the two big areas where we will now focus on.
Ajay Banga: You'll see us honestly investing in that and you'll see us investing in all the services businesses, information services, of consulting, of processing, of safety and security because without processing more transactions -- and I've said this a few times. Look at Europe. We only process 40% of our transactions. Now that is from where we used to be but it's still only 40% because of all the local schemes that exist in every country. And clearly the opportunity for us is to process more transactions so we see more data and we use that data for our services. Our services business depends on that data. It's all about the analytics that get created and the transactions we see. So that's the kind of investments that we think we should be making in 2016. But, Martina, if you talk to our business people in the Company, you will hear from them that Martina is a relatively painful person because she tracks it by quarter. And then she alluded to her astute expense management that's otherwise called a gatekeeper. She gives it to you every quarter based on what she thinks the trends are for how the Company is going. And so she is able to manage her expense management, both for strategic investment and the underlying core, built to suite the cloth that we are dealing with. That's the idea that we're trying to communicate to you.
Darrin Peller: But there should be a step down in the incremental integration expense related to acquisitions this year--
Ajay Banga: Absolutely. From the current acquisitions -- absolutely correct, now look, we do some others, which is a different thing. But all that we've -- and now in our basin, basically as you said, by the second year they go into our basin. We deal with them as part of our core expenses.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Togut from Evercore. Your line is open.
David Togut: With domestic credit and debit interchange caps going into effect in Europe in December 9, can you comment on any impact you have seen on your card issuing banks or any thoughts going forward on whether payment acceptance in Europe could increase as a result?
Ajay Banga: Nothing has changed in six weeks. Europe doesn't work in six weeks cycles. You know a different Europe from what I know. But frankly, I would tell you this. The conversation about the impact on banks, the impact on merchants, the likely on acceptance, that conversation has been going on from the day and the regulations have been complement. There's nothing new to tell you from what we've discussed earlier. Banks are clearly worried about the impact of their revenue stream.  They are clearly looking at ways to make up that, either through fees or through other methods. Clearly merchants with a lower cost of acceptance should be willing more to accept electronic payments than they used to. As you know, Europe is a relatively underpenetrated market on electronic payments compared to its sophistication as a destination. And so there's a lot of opportunity there as well. And then there are all these local schemes that are re-looking at their context, given the digital change and the investment that is required to upgrade themselves to digital. That is how we have been winning more domestic processing over the years. All of that is pretty much a trend, even now.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So in fact, David, as we were running up to the December 9 deadline, a lot of work was done by our people, especially by our advisor people in our consulting business, helping banks as well as merchants to be getting ready for that. And that's the opportunity that actually Ajay was referencing -- is that there are real life engagements that we could be doing -- we did do in order to get them ready and make sure that their portfolios are in a shape that they can take it profitably forward.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chris Brendler from Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Chris Brendler: Just want to focus on your comments around cross-border in Europe. You mentioned a grow-over issue. Can you quantify that at all? Is it relatively small? And any more detail on what those wins were last year? And a separate question, you mentioned the processing share in Europe. It looks like process transactions are growing a little slower than your overall volumes at this point. Is that just a mixed issue? And if it is a mixed issue, what is causing the slower growth in transaction? Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes. So first of all, in Europe we won actually some wins some time ago in the Nordics. And they are now lapping. And that's where you see some of the impact in our volume numbers, including the cross-border numbers, including the transaction numbers, by the way. They were terrific wins but they're lapping at some point in time so they are going to our baseline. Other than that, there is really nothing different going on than what we've seen in prior quarters.
Chris Brendler: And those wins, were they airline programs?
Ajay Banga: No. These are banks. Banks of the Nordics -- SEB Bank, Nordea, Danske, all of these in the Nordics.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tien-tsin Huang from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tien-tsin Huang: Just a couple clarifying questions, if you don't mind. Just first on the fourth quarter operating expense, how did that come in versus plan? Did you pare back spending based on something you saw? Or was it more just FX? And then your high-single digit comment for 2016 in OpEx, is that a reported or local currency growth comment?
Martina Hund-Mejean: So, Tien-tsin, for the fourth quarter, fourth quarter was we managed through fourth quarter the way that we actually have expected to manage through fourth quarter. And as Ajay said, I'm a little bit of a stickler with the budget and what people can do. So of course we did everything that we could do in the operating--
Ajay Banga: I'm going to pay for that comment later, Tien-tsin. I'm getting looks from across the table.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, you're getting looks on that one. So on the operating expense line we made sure that we basically fund those investments that we need to do. Now, all of the numbers that I have called out, both for the fourth quarter as well as for the 2016 numbers, they are all on an FX adjusted basis. Right? Tien-tsin, we always call out the euro and the BRL. And that's why we've been giving you the headwinds numbers in terms of what you should be assuming going forward. So coming back again, when you look at 2016, for the topline it's a 2 PPT headwind because of euro and BRL. For the bottom line it's a 3 PPT headwind for the euro and BRL. So we can basically think that operating expenses has a little bit of an issue from an FX headwind point of view too.
Tien-tsin Huang: Okay. And just on slide 12 the reconciliation for the three-year CAGR, looking back the 10.5% and the 19.2% revenue EPS -- is that comparable to the prior objectives?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes. So Tien-tsin, this is as I was trying to explain to Bill. This is completely done in the basis that we had put out. Right? So four -- when you look at the revenue line -- the net revenue line, we said it will be adjusted for any acquisitions that we had not announced at that point in time and it will be on an FX neutral basis for the euro and BRL. So when you look at page 12 and you see our net revenue growth of 9.5%, you see two adjustments which gets you to the 10.5%. And then for the bottom line, very similar to how we laid out the 2012 base number of a $2.14 EPS. We calculated the 2015 EPS in exactly the same way with exactly the same principles. That gets you to the $3.62 for a growth rate of 19.2%.
Tien-tsin Huang: So the difference between 19.2% then and the at least 20 that you are targeting can be explained by--
Martina Hund-Mejean: All by local effects. So that is actually a very important point. I am glad you are bringing it up. The 19.2% had more local effects in there than we would have ever thought about when we put the performance objectives together back in 2012. Remember, last year's foreign exchange volatility in the market and the way the dollar appreciated has not been seen in over 15 years. It was an extraordinary year. And by the way, I also sat in my prepared remarks, when you look at the revenue line that 10.5% would have been over 12% if we course-corrected for all of those local FX headwinds.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Don Fandetti from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Don Fandetti: Ajay, your cross-border held up very well relative to Visa over the years. And I think more recently you have been feeling pretty good about it. Can you talk about what's changed and are we seeing trough levels here? I know it's one of your higher-margin products. I just want to get your sense on the outlook.
Ajay Banga: Yes, Don, we've navigated through this 12% kind of number on cross-border growth earlier. This is my sixth year into the place here. And I have seen 12%, I have seen 16% and up and down from that. I -- my view of what's going on in cross-border right now is that the fact is that tourism around the world did get impacted in the fourth quarter of last year. There is no doubt that when the Parisian terrorist attacks happened it impacted France for a while. There's no doubt that when the Egyptian plane went down, it impacted tourism into that area. And so that's just reality. A lot of these tend to bounce back over time. Paris did come back. Not exactly to the level that it was growing at. Remember, Paris is the world's number one tourist destination, the world's number one. And some portion of it comes from tourism, some portion of it comes from corporate travel, some portion of it comes from e-commerce. And these different elements have been impacted differently by the way the world is seeing its geopolitical circumstances over the last two or three or four months. That's why I think our numbers are still running even at 12 in the first 21 days of this year. And they are not going higher or lower. It's kind of where we are. We're sitting there. I'm going to watch that very carefully because it does impact my revenues. Sort of every transaction and sort of many other things but cross-border is a particularly interesting part of it. And so we watch it carefully. And that is part of the reason why we believe that in 2016 one of the reasons where we're saying take a look at us being at the lower end of our revenue guidance to you for the three-year period -- is all these factors are inside that thinking of our budget for the year.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Moshe Orenbuch: I was very impressed with the acceleration in January in the US. And it sounded like from the comments that one percentage point of it was in fact from less of a drag on gas prices but another 3 PPT seems to be coming. Is that partners that are doing better? Are there other things we should be aware of, either wins or losses in the US to affect the balance of 2016?
Martina Hund-Mejean: You have a number of factors going in there. Of course gas is -- because of the lapping effect has one impact. But we are also doing better on the pin side. Okay so we have more volume coming through there. Secondly, we have a number of clients who actually picked up their volume. And so we are seeing some of that. And lastly, we also are getting in the more fully lapping period from the loss of Chase.
Ajay Banga: Remember we had loss of Chase. We've had our wins. That complex intermix is coming into play. And then some of our -- it's our mix of clients as well. We have had a couple of years of some of the clients -- we've had the larger ones -- were struggling on their own growth. If you like the scores, you look at the numbers that are publicly released, those folks are doing better over the last few months. That helps us. So it's a mix of all of that. So that's a good thing.
Moshe Orenbuch: Correct. Absolutely. And how does USAA factor in?
Ajay Banga: Not yet because they are still on our books. But the migration will happen over time. Credit will migrate and then debit will migrate over the last 12 to 18 months at a certain pace and process. And that will certainly go away from some of our numbers. But you know what? You get wins and losses. I would not rotate on any one win or one loss otherwise you will drive yourself crazy.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Eric Wasserstrom from Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Jeff Kay [ph] on for Eric. [Indiscernible] technology is increasingly on the reader in the payment space, particularly with cross-border. I think we are at the stage of the hype cycle where the reality no longer matches some of the more aggressive assumptions as far as what the technology is really capable of. So I was wondering if you could just help frame the public conversation, specifically with respect to what you're seeing in terms of internal opportunities and also if you could share your views on its perception as an external threat. Thanks very much.
Ajay Banga: I want to make sure I understood your question. You're trying to have a dialogue with us about how we think about digital as an opportunity as a disruptor, as a transformation in the commerce place of the plane. Is that what you are looking for -- broad conversation around that?
Unidentified Analyst: Correct. A, how you would potentially use the technology. And B, what your opinion is of it as an external threat.
Ajay Banga: You're talking about Blockchain specifically? Are you talking about digital transaction as a whole? Are you just talking about -- I just want to make sure I give you a substantive answer.
Unidentified Analyst: With respect to digital please. Thanks.
Ajay Banga: Digital over all. Okay. So first of all, my belief is that this thing is going through its cycle. Four or five years ago, the conversation was that the mobile payment operators would be able to create their own payment systems because they had both consumers and email, voicemail, phone connectivity with millions and billions of consumers. Why would they need anybody else to provide? As you saw over time, we have now got 50 of those [indiscernible] around the world signed up as our partners. And some of them, in fact, we have entered the JVs with that have done well, others have not done so well. That is actually one of the write-downs that Martina was referring to. Over time, they're going to invest in different directions. Some of them will do well, some of them will not. And a couple of those haven't done as well as we would like to. My general sense is the mobile network operated payment system for person to merchant has yet to prove itself in scale in any marketplace at all. From person to person payments there is a little more going on. Okay, so I just -- I think that's a bit of a challenge on where those are going. I think on non-mobile network operator, that is to say hardware-based Samsung and Apple, Google -- there's some interesting new developments we are seeing with contact-less payments and in-app payments. I don't know yet that browser-based payments will go where with that bunch of digital giants. But remember, browser is the largest portion of digital payments today. And frankly, out three to four years it will still be overwhelmingly the large percentage of digital payments. So that's another one to be card through. I do think that the biggest conversation that's going on in digital is the safety and security of those transactions. And a lot of our effort and energy has definitely gone into organization, not just for MasterPass for our banks and merchants but even for -- not just new transactions but even for cards on file. Because frankly, with EMV in the US, where do you think fraud will migrate to? It's going to migrate to online. And that's what happened to every country around the world. So our focus here is not just in solving Band-Aids with EMV, it's on making the whole payment system more secure over time. That's why tokenization is key. And a large amount of our investment and those of our competitor is going into that space. That's why we agreed on industry standard for tokenization so we shouldn't create fiction between banks and merchants on which standard to work with. So you're going to see a lot of energy and effort in that space. And I think the other piece that will come into play in digital will be the intelligence that will drive the capability of banks and merchants to drive better transaction, better relationships with their consumers. And that's why the effort on services and analytics. So you kind of -- that's why I think about digital. I think of it as a big opportunity. When 85% of the world's transactions are still in cash, there is a lot of space out here. And it's the same view I have about existing competitors in the payment system. Rather than say domestic debit scheme in a country or it's the larger competitors or it's a China union or anybody else, my view is there is a lot of space here. You've got a get off the 85%. We can all growth in there and still have a pretty good run rate for this industry for some years to come.
Martina Hund-Mejean: And within that, what Ajay was saying, obviously, we are exploring any new technologies, be it the Blockchain, be it biometrics, be it what's happening in the mobile space. And we obviously work with many partners around the globe in order to make sure that we can deliver the products and services that consumers and merchants are demanding that the banks want to deliver and so new technology is nothing new to us. We're going to have to be on the forefront of that every day of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jamie Friedman from Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Jamie Friedman: I wanted to ask about the commercial corporate market. One of your competitors, one in New York not in California had called out weakness in the corporate market. I wasn't sure if their loss was your gain or something more structural.
Ajay Banga: You're trying to triangulate stuff. Okay. So I don't know what somebody else was saying. I'm not going to comment on that. That's their business and they're a very good competitor. So let them do what they are doing. My general opinion across the world on the commercial market for corporate clients is that it's still healthy and something that there is opportunity for us to grow on. And remember that even through this last cycle of economic difficulties in 2007, 2008 and 2009, the commercial corporate market is in a growth market. That's because business people are still traveling. And there is a lot of space there in travel. There is space on B2B cards. There's space on purchasing cards. There's space on B2B flows and large cards. All of those are what's inside our commercial business
Martina Hund-Mejean: So just from a number point of view to give you some context. For all of 2015, the commercial market actually grew at low double digits -- actually not a bad growth of all. It did come down a little bit but still double digits in the fourth quarter. So it is growing very healthy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Napoli from William Blair. Your line is open.
Bob Napoli: Just a quick on the rebates line and with a little clarification, if you could, Martina, on the percentage of revenue -- maybe you were talking about on confusion on some models. But my real question is on just the services business. The -- which I think you had said at your conference is 25% of revenue -- has much lower margin. I was just wondering what your outlook is for the growth of that services business over your three-year time horizon and any thoughts on the margins in that business as well.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Okay so first of all from a rebates and incentive point of view, I didn't give a percentage of growth. What I did is I gave you a view on what the growth would be 2016 over 2015. In 2015 we saw a growth rate in rebates and incentives around 20%. I said for 2016 it will be just a little lower than that 20%. Okay? So that's the growth rate and it's the 20% that you saw in 2015. By the way that's and actual reported number. So for the services business, yes, I tried to give you a few points back in September at the investor day saying that our core business is substantially 75% of the Company and the services business is about 25% of the Company. All of those growth expirations that we have in services -- and you can actually see in the revenue line where we have most of the services in there -- it grows very, very fast. All of those expectations are actually embedded in our overall net revenue guidance. So I am not splitting for you apart in terms of what our core business versus the service business does. The other thing that we said in September, and I have no different expectations at this point in time, is that the services business, while its lower in margin than what we have today than what we have in our core business, that we do believe that over time there will be some margin improvement in the services business.
Ajay Banga: It's all the question of scale. Right? That's one of the reason that it's a lower margin. Although that's not the only reason. It's also the nature of the business. In some parts of it is more people intensive. In some parts of it it's more technology. Where it's more tech intensive, it's more like our core business. Where it's more people intensive, it's a lower margin business. And therefore, as you build up a volume and scale on top of those businesses, you get better revenue and better margins out of them. That's what we are doing. In fact our advisor consulting business in the six years that I have been in the Company, I have seen Martina work it with the team there on improving the margin of that business through better utilization of people, lower downtime of consultants, creating centers of excellence, essentially the steps that have been taken to improve that business. So that is the kind of thing that is underlying our commentary on lower today on margin. But we have every expectation of continuing to improve that margin over time.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Chris Donat from Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open.
Chris Donat: I'm going to ask one that's a little bit off the beaten track here. But with the change in sanctions rules and laws for Iran and your experience you have had over the last few years in Burma or Myanmar, can you comment on how long you think it might take to get to a business in Iran and with Iranian banks and if there is any meaningful revenue opportunity in the next 5, 10 years?
Ajay Banga: Next 5, 10 years, Chris? Yes. Next one year? No. So let me give you an example from Myanmar. Myanmar was handled -- once the government of the United States opened up its relationship with Myanmar, the removal of sanctions in Myanmar happened pretty quickly after that. And companies like us and our competitors were able to go in and begin to first enable ATM networks and then enable acceptance and then enable issuance in the country. With all that, because Myanmar has a relatively underdeveloped payment system, that entire thing is relatively slow. Now Iran, on the other hand, has the payment system domestically, merchants to accept electronic payments already. It's not Myanmar in the form of being a completely cash economy. So if you could plug and pay, you could probably get quicker results than in Myanmar but the United States government is still to lift its sanctions. You just saw that the Iranian president came out and signed a fairly large set deals on planes from AirBus -- hasn't even signed anything at Boeing. That is all part of what is going on. There has to be a whole change in the sanctions regime that allows companies like us and our competitors and banks to operate freely in Iran. That has yet to be seen. So I would say Iran more interesting because of a literate population with a relatively functioning electronic payment system. But until the sanctions actually get lifted, this is all very nice but we can't do very much.
Ajay Banga: Okay. Questions done. Closing comments. So thank you all for those closing questions. Let me give you a couple of closing thoughts. You saw it come through in what Martina and I were saying. We think we've navigated a tough economic environment this year, particularly the foreign exchange. And honestly, the local currency tangent to your question -- that came at us even faster in the last two, three months of the year. We met you in September, talked something about local currency. By the time December came around, it was a different picture. December is self was a different picture from November and October. That's how rapid the local currency movement, vis-a-vis the dollar has been. But you know what? We've navigated that and delivered strong results through a variety of prospective financially, volume, share growth, bill, innovation. 2016 look similar to 2015. So we're going to stay very focused on executing our strategy. We're going to try and play a defining role in the digital opportunity. We're going to keep trying to innovate for the future, grow revenues from both our core and our services businesses and work really hard to manage our expenses so we create the space for us to invest in our future. The payment space I think remains a great place to be. Our business continues to have strong momentum. We're going to keep perusing profitable market share. We're going to keep trying to drive the conversion of cash to electronic payments around the world. I continue to believe that run rate is an enormous runway of growth. We intend to maintain our leadership in the industry effort in digital payments, in safety and security, in financial inclusion. And I am quite confident we can run the Company for growth and will try to deliver on our three-year objectives. I just appreciate your ongoing support for the Company and for all of us. And thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Glenn E. Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jason A. Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Smitti Srethapramote - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc. Craig J. Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP Thomas McCrohan - CLSA Americas LLC Lisa D. Ellis - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Kenneth Bruce - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning. My name is Chris, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the MasterCard third quarter earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. Thank you. Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Thank you, Chris. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for a discussion about our third quarter 2015 financial results. With me on the call today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity get into the queue for the Q&A session. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask a question. Even if you think you have already dialed into the queue, you will need to register again following our prepared comments. This morning's earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. These documents include a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to their GAAP equivalents and have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one month. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today's call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our recent SEC filings. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Ajay.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Barbara. Good morning, everybody. With the backdrop of this continuing uncertainty in the global economy, we're actually quite pleased with our results this quarter. After adjusting for currency, we reported net revenue growth of 8%, in line with what we thought we would get, and an EPS growth of 11%. And this excludes the impact of a special item, and Martina will touch on that later. So now let's take a quick look at what's going on in the global economy. And it's been challenged in recent months, and while the U.S. recovery remains among the most solid – job gains have steadily lowered the unemployment rate to just over 5% – but job and wage growth are starting to slow. Consumer confidence is only moderately up, and as you know, given yesterday's announcement, uncertainty about rising interest rates remain. So when moving beyond the U.S., the economic picture is more mixed. Global growth is clearly slowing, particularly in smaller, emerging markets, and a sharper-than-expected slowdown in China is affecting many other economies. Exporters to China and those with close trade links – Russia, Brazil, for example – would probably will be the most impacted, adding to the downward pressure on oil and commodity prices. In Asia, India is less dependent on global demand and should continue to grow. But in Australia, consumer and business sentiment has weakened again, as their economic growth has slowed for what is now the fifth consecutive quarter. Growth in Europe, on the other hand, is improving, but not as fast as previously expected, and the unemployment rate continues a gradual decline. The U.K. remains steady. Economic growth is expected to continue through the rest of this year and into next year. And Germany's also showing some signs of strengthening. In Latin America, Brazil continues to be in a recession. Economic conditions continue to worsen in Venezuela. The lone bright spot there appears to be Mexico, where the economic recovery continues, led by relatively strong consumer spending and the lowest levels of inflation in almost 50 years. So when you put all this together, what we're really talking about is some period of economic uncertainty, fueled by the slowdown in China, combined with continued lower oil and commodity prices, as well as this continuing uncertainty of rising interest rates in the U.S. And so overall we remain cautious about the outlook for the global economy. Now, in saying (4:33) all of this, our business continues to grow; our fundamentals remain strong. We're seeing double-digit volume and transaction growth across most of our markets as a result of our efforts to drive the shift from cash to electronic payments, but also as well as our continued business growth. So before we go to our business highlights, I want to say a few words about the opening of the Chinese domestic market. Since the final Chinese regulations have not yet been released, we have no new insights to add beyond what we all told you at our recent Investor Day last month. We continue to execute against our plans to be technically ready to process domestic Chinese transactions by the end of 2016, and we're working on expanding issuance and acceptance in that market while we wait for clarity on the regulations. So now results of (5:24) our recent business activity. You've already heard a great deal from us at Investor Day. You've had an opportunity to see firsthand a number of the product and service innovations we are rolling out. So let me just mention a couple of items very briefly. First, we continue to grow in the co-brand space. In the United States, we're pleased to be able to confirm our agreement with JetBlue to launch a new co-brand credit card and convert their existing credit card portfolio. BarclayCard will be the issuing bank. We also won several other co-brand deals around the world, including CIDF – that's the largest travel company in China – Coles, the largest supermarket chain in Australia, and of course one of the co-brands for Aeroflot. Aeroflot has a number of co-brands; we've won one of those. They're the largest Russian airline, as you probably know. We've also signed a strategic partnership with Citi for an affluent co-brand with a large global airline based in the Middle East. Moving beyond specific customer agreements, I'd like to talk a few minutes to you about some of the developments going on in our space, in the payments space in particular. And let's start with EMV in the United States. And, as you know, the liability shift went into effect October 1. We're kind of pleased with the progress we are seeing thus far. We now expect 60% of cards at approximately 40% of terminals in the United States to be chip-capable by the end of this year. By the way, this is true for us, but it's true for the industry as a whole. We expect almost all cards in the market to be upgraded to chip by the end of 2017, and we've already seen tens of millions of chip transactions. By the way, another little side benefit of EMV is that it'll likely give a boost to the adoption of contactless or NFC payments, because the latest generation of EMV-enabled terminals also contain contactless capabilities. And that kind of leads me to the next topic I'd like to talk about, which is to give you a quick update on the progress we have made in the digital space. And, over the past year or so, you've heard us make several announcements related to MasterPass. Just to put it together for you, we're now live in 24 markets, we're accepted at over 250,000 merchants, a list which recently added Burger King and Firehouse Subs. In addition, we recently announced MasterPass will be fully tokenized using our MDES platform – that's M-D-E-S – starting with the United States in 2016. And that'll give consumers EMV-level security and the ability to shop more securely online or in-app, from any device across all card types. So let me give you an example of a breakthrough which can really drive the growth of MasterPass. And despite the challenges going on recently in the Russian market, we're working hard to extend our capabilities there. As I recently – we just had a partnership announced with Yandex.Money, one of the largest payment service providers in Russia, that extends the use of MasterPass to their 22 million customers. And, talking about scale, the State Bank of India, which is the largest bank in that country – it's got more than 15,000-plus branches – have also launched their mobile wallet solution with the help of MasterCard. And that solution enables consumers to load money, perform a P2P transfer, pay bills, things that the average consumer in India is really keen to get with. And the State Bank of India is the right partner for that. And as you know, we've been putting a lot of emphasis on tokenizing transactions using MDES. And most recently you've heard about Android Pay and Samsung Pay, who've been added to the list of providers leveraging that service. And as we said before, we were the first network to extend support for private-label cards. In fact, Kohl's and JCPenney have now gone live with that service. In addition to small-business cards, we were also the first network to announce tokenization for all commercial cards. And all that means is that all of our card products and channels can soon be tokenized, so it becomes ubiquitous for us. We also announced the launch of our Digital Enablement Express Program, which basically expedites the process of digitizing and tokenizing accounts using MDES. Any financial institution can gain immediate access to all our latest digital payment services, while our partners – that's digital wallet providers, device manufacturers, other digital payment providers – they can all have a simple onboarding process to engage with all these participating banks. Google, Samsung, Capital One, Fifth Third Bank, KeyBank are among the first companies to announce their participation in the Express program. Now the Internet of Things, something everybody's been talking about, continues the convergence of the physical and digital worlds that began in mobile devices. And that new generation of connected devices, smartwatches, wearables, this will collect and transmit vast amounts of data, and the idea is to be able to use that to provide new insights, new services. To give you an example, data from a smartphone indicating that a consumer is in a retailer's store location could trigger a discount offer for using their credit card. Now that may sound futuristic, but to help fulfill that vision, we've actually just launched a new digital enablement program that'll turn any accessory or wearable into a payment-enabled device. And that gives consumers the ability to shop using the thing that is most convenient to them with the highest level of security available. That program will launch with the support of several marquee partners across multiple industries. Prototypes from a fashion designer, Adam Selman, automaker General Motors, smartband developer Nymi, and fashion brand Ringly were all on display using our technology at Money20/20 just earlier this week. And we worked with NXP and Qualcomm to develop the technology, and Capital One is actually the first issuer to embrace it. In addition, Capital One has also announced the availability of contactless mobile payment capability to its wallet app, and actually becomes the first issuer in the United States to do so using our cloud-based payments technology. And these announcements kind of endorse how we're trying to advance our digital strategy, eliminate the boundaries of how consumers pay, by delivering a secure digital payment experience to virtually anything. Every device can be a device of commerce; that's the idea. So mobility, cloud-based payments, the Internet of Things, and Big Data are all coming together. EMV, contactless, and our MDES-enabled secure transactions across all channels, all devices. And as new players enter the digital payments landscape, we continue to see our technology as the foundation for new, innovative payment services. And with that, I will turn the call over to Martina to update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning, everyone. So let me begin on page 3 of our slide deck, where you see the difference between non-GAAP reported and FX-adjusted growth rates for this quarter. The differential continues to be primarily driven by the euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate. Now, these figures also exclude the impact of a special item of $70 million on a pre-tax basis – $79 million on a pre-tax basis taken this quarter related to the termination of our U.S. employee pension plan. I'd like to point out a few items here, and then I'll talk about the major P&L line items in subsequent slides. First, EPS growth was 5% or 11% after adjusting for currency. Continued revenue momentum, good cost control, executing on our tax strategies, and repurchasing shares all contributed to that performance. And, as expected, acquisitions that we made in 2014 and 2015 drove $0.03 of EPS dilution in the quarter. Second, the tax rate was 28.2% in the quarter, primarily due to our continued focus on better aligning our tax structure with our business footprint. Third, share repurchases contributed $0.02 per share to our third quarter results. As of October 22, we have $1.2 billion remaining under our current authorization. And, lastly, cash flow from operations was $1.3 billion, and we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents, and other liquid investments of about $5.1 billion. So let me turn to page 4, and here you can see the operational metrics for the second quarter. Our worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV, was up 13% on a local-currency basis, and that's pretty much the same as the last quarter. Overall, our U.S. dollar GDV grew 8%, made up of credit and debit growth of 9% and 7%, respectively. Total U.S. GDV was up 1 ppt versus last quarter, with stronger growth in our consumer credit programs, offset by slightly lower growth in our debit programs, primarily due to lapping some debit wins and a continued 2 ppt headwind from lower gas prices. Outside of the U.S., volume growth was 16% on a local-currency basis. That's, again, same as in the last quarter, with mid to high teens growth in each region. Cross-border volume grew 16% on a local-currency basis, slightly lower than the 17% we saw in the second quarter, primarily driven by Europe. Turning to page 5, here you can see global processed transaction growth slowed slightly to 12% from the 13% we saw in the second quarter, primarily driven by fewer PIN POS transactions in the U.S. We continued to see double-digit growth in all other regions. And, globally, the numbers of cards grew 8%, with 2.2 billion MasterCard and Maestro branded cards issued. Now let's turn to page 6 for highlights on a few of the revenue line items. Net revenue growth was 2% as reported or 8% FX adjusted, given currency headwinds. Additionally, the impact of local currency exchange rates was slightly higher than we expected at about 3 ppt, primarily driven by the Russian ruble to the euro and the Canadian dollar to the U.S. dollar exchange rates. After eliminating all impacts of currency, our underlying net revenue growth was 11%. And acquisitions contributed about 1 ppt to that net revenue growth. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items on an FX-adjusted basis, the domestic assessments grew 9%, while worldwide GDV grew 13%. This 4 ppt gap is primarily due to the impact of local currency, somewhat offset by pricing. Cross-border volume fees grew 11%, while cross-border volume grew 16%. Of the 5 ppt gap, the majority is due to a higher mix of intra-Europe activity, some local-currency impact, as well as lower inbound U.S. cross-border volume. Transaction processing fees grew 16%, primarily driven by the 12% growth in processed transaction and some pricing. Finally, other revenues grew 15%, driven primarily this quarter by our safety and security products and the APT acquisition. Moving on to page 7, here you can see that total operating expenses after excluding the special item increased 1% in the quarter or 5% on an FX-adjusted basis. Of this, M&A activities contributed almost 4 ppt to total FX-adjusted expense growth, and you can see the impact acquisitions had to the individual expense categories in the lower box there on the chart. After excluding the special item, the growth in G&A of 3%, or 6% on an FX-adjusted basis, is mostly due to the impact of acquisitions. And, finally, most of the increase in D&A continues to be also related to acquisitions. Turning to slide 8, let's discuss what we have seen in October through the 21st. Our business drivers are similar or just a bit lower compared to the third quarter, so the numbers through October 21 are as follows: Starting with processed volume, we saw global growth of 12%, which is unchanged from the third quarter. In the U.S., our processed volume grew 7%. That is also unchanged from what we saw in the last quarter. Processed volume outside the U.S. grew 17%. That's about 1 ppt lower than the third quarter, with similar growth in Europe and slightly lower growth in the other regions. Globally, processed transaction growth was 11%, down 1 ppt from what we saw in the third quarter, with double-digit growth in all regions except the U.S., which grew in the low single digits. This slower U.S. growth was driven by routing decisions of PIN debit transactions. With respect to cross-border, our volume grew 14% globally, 2 ppt lower than our third quarter growth, with slower growth in all regions except the U.S. Our APMEA region saw the largest slowdown, driven by the timing of holidays in the Middle East versus last year. Moving on, our volume and transactions metrics, as you can see, show that our underlying business remains strong. When looking at our full-year 2015 outlook, it's mostly unchanged from my comments last month at our Investor Day. I'll just quickly call out a few items that have changed very slightly or need some clarification. First, similar to what we saw in Q3, we now expect a slightly higher local currency headwind of about 3 ppt in Q4, which primarily impacts net revenue. And when you combine this with the impact from FX translation, the total expected impact of currency on our results continues to be a 8 to 10 ppt headwind for fiscal year 2015, depending whether we're talking about revenue or net income. Turning to rebates and incentives, we continue to expect the full-year 2015 growth rate to be similar to the growth rate we saw in Q1. However, the individual quarterly impact has changed slightly due to the timing of some deals shifting from Q3 into Q4. And when looking at expenses, we haven't changed our expectations for total operating expense growth, but we have had several questions on this topic as some of you work on your models. So when I spoke previously about expecting mid-single digit growth for full year 2015 on a, quote, "as-reported basis" so that excludes any of the special items taken this year, but it does not exclude the impact of last year's Q4 severance charge, as that was not a special item. Finally, let me just make a quick comment on our 2016 to 2018 performance objective that we announced at Investor Day last month. Based on some conversation that we've had, I'd like to clarify a couple of points around how we look at our long-term performance objective to help you with your modeling. So first, our objective to present a compound growth rate over a three-year period. So as you know, actual performance could be above or below our stated three-year objective at any given year. Factors that could impact any individual year include things like the economic environment, the impact of local FX that we don't adjust for, or market share changes. In fact, we expect that we will likely see 2015 come in lower than the range of our 2013 to 2015 objective based on the first two factors I just mentioned, even though we expect to meet our three-year objective. Second, I said at Investor Day that our 2016 tax rate would be about 29%, higher than our expected 2015 rate, since we don't expect the discrete and one-time items that already have or could occur this year will repeat in 2016. Remember that our practice has been to adjust for one-time tax items in the base year from which the three-year EPS CAGR is calculated. We will be providing you with a pro forma fiscal year 2015 EPS figure on our year-end earnings call based on a normalized 2015 tax rate. And as you begin to model out future years' performance you need to factor something about this into your thinking until we have the final numbers to provide you at the end of January. Now let me turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session. Barbara?
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Thanks, Martina. We're now ready to begin the question and answer period. And in order to get to as many people as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and then queue back in for additional questions. Chris?
Operator: Thank you. And the first question is from Don Fandetti with Citi. Your line is open.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Good morning. Ajay, I was wondering if you could, just given the volatility of the economics around the world and a little bit of a dip in cross-border this quarter, although last year you had a similar sort of holiday seasonal dip, is there any concern structurally about cross-border? Or do you feel like it's likely to remain on track despite what's going on?
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think it's more likely remain on track despite what's going on. Just the reality is when the dollar's strong you're going to get some lower inflow into the U.S. of tourism. We have seen more Americans travel overseas over the last six, seven months, and that does show up in some of our results in terms acquired volume in countries overseas. The Europeans continue to be traveling, but they travel more in Europe than outside than two, three years ago. There's kind of these trends moving around. Fewer Chinese are traveling overseas, no doubt, and that's all part of it, the way the Chinese economy is. You'll see ins and outs. I don't think I can give you a clear prediction of where it could go. But I don't see any structural change, if that's what your question was.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. (25:44), what do you think from a network perspective? And are you just waiting to see if any of your issuing banks decide to pursue some type of Chase Net type approach? Or do you feel like that's something you might push the issuers to kind of maintain market share?
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, you got to remember that Chase Net is a very unique piece for Chase, which has a certain size of an acquiring business and a issuing business. And they tend to be similar size in terms of market share, and they own the acquiring business. There aren't a lot of other banks around the world that do that directly. It doesn't mean there isn't potential to be discussed with every one of them. And a lot of them were interested when the first set of announcements came out. There is lower interest over time because people are still trying to figure out what the benefits and the pluses and minuses – the puts and takes out on it. I don't think there's clarity yet, but the conversations continue in all kinds of countries. We've done something similar in a couple of countries overseas, but it just depends on the construct of a country.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Just hoping to get some comments on USAA's Bank – I guess their flip over to Visa. I guess they were talking about the benefits, including the elimination of foreign transaction fees. But just trying to get a sense of what exactly happened in your guys' eyes there. Thanks.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So USAA is a longtime client of ours, and we actually think they're a very good client. So it's pretty sad for us that – inside the company we feel bad about the fact that we no longer have them as our client over the course of the next year. We still are going to be doing work with them on services, on rewards, and debit processing. And in that form we'll remain in contact with them. The fact is that we tried our best to pursue that business, but at a point, we lost out. And that's just the way it is.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, and one thing I just want to jump in. We knew this unfortunate loss before we actually had our Investor Day, so for all of those who had asked Barbara over the last few days, we had actually factored that already into our long-term guidance.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, what kind of impact will it have on the numbers in 2016 or 2017, Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Well, as you know, Bryan, we are not calling out individual years. We factored it in for a three-year period, and we feel like that we can digest that given the kind of targets that we put out there.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, super. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Glenn E. Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Good morning. Martina, maybe you could go back through the expense growth guidance. Looked like the margins in this quarter were way above our expectations, and I suspect generally most people. Could you clarify what you're sort of suggesting or was implied for the fourth quarter expense guidance as it relates to that mid-single digit reported expense growth?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, I mean, guys, you have now three quarters of actuals. And so for the full year, what you're going have to do from an as-reported basis, which is excluding the special item, actually excluding that $79 million -
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: – and last quarter's litigation.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, and last quarter's litigation reserve that we took. So exclude those, but then for the whole year you should be lining up the fourth quarter so that you're getting into mid-single digit growth for the full year of 2015.
Glenn E. Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Weren't you suggesting an adjustment from last year, too, though?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: What did you say?
Glenn E. Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Weren't you suggesting there's an adjustment to make from last year's numbers as well?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: No, no. What I was suggesting, you're not making adjustment for the 2014 numbers. You might remember that in Q4 we took a severance charge of around $87 million last year. That was not a special item. So do not pull that out. You need to put that and keep that into the base expenses when you do the calculation of mid-single digit growth.
Glenn E. Greene - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, great. Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to ask a follow-up on USAA. Just trying to – been thinking about it a little bit. Just trying to better understand how you balance pricing discipline, which I think was mentioned in a few articles, with the indirect cost of losing economies of scale, given that it's such a big client. I know Visa's obviously bigger. And they're going to get even bigger with this win and Costco. So just trying to understand those dynamics, if that makes sense.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, sure, Tien-Tsin. Actually, in terms of economies of scale, this is not a material enough dimension to move when you've got tens of billions of transactions and so many clients. Look, we win business and we lose some business. It's the nature of our business. When it's very large, it can make an impact to the way we think, but remember that Chase was a very large movement away, and we still navigated our way through the years delivering on our three-year commitment. USAA is nowhere near the size of Chase. You all know that. And so it's well factored into our thinking, but it's not a scale versus pricing issue. At the end of the day, it's not just pricing. There's a lot of factors that go into winning and losing deals. Pricing is one of them. Pricing's always a first conversation in a B2B business. And we kind of felt at some point in time, this was a business we couldn't win, and we had to get away from it. It's very sad, because as I said, good client, and somebody we had for 30 years. But we're going to still keep doing business with them in portions of processing with rewards and the like.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Appreciate that. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Jason Kupferberg with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Jason A. Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys. So just wanted to ask a little bit about the commercial business. We've been doing a lot more work on that. Seems like you guys have a really good position in the virtual card space specifically within commercial. Can you talk about some of the growth rates you're seeing here, maybe which verticals are dropping, some of the strength in virtual specifically and the commercial business more broadly? And then just a quick one for Martina on buyback authorization. Any reason we haven't seen a refresh on that now that you're down closer to $1 billion left?
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Martina, you want to cover the buyback first?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Look, I mean, Jason, we have a particular cadence in terms of – established, although not many years, in terms of the buyback authorizations, and I don't think we ever had a reauthorization when we were still over the $1 billion mark. So that's a decision that will be taken at some point in time. But at this point in time we still have plenty of opportunity and room left on the current program.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And, Jason, back to the commercial cards, I think they continue to be area of growth. We just spent a little time, as you remember, at Investor Day on the topic. And we recently signed a deal with Barclays in the U.K. We're continuing to see sort of strong adoption of our product Smart Data, which is our reporting and reconciliation tool, as well as InControl, which is the virtual card question you were getting at. What I'm also seeing is some increasing interest beyond the typical bank card issuers, and you see technology providers who kind of embed commercial payment solutions either into their software or their platforms, and as well as some payment aggregators in verticals like insurance and healthcare. All-in-all, this global business remains robust. We are looking at low double digit volume growth over the past several quarters, and there's no doubt that virtual cards are a key part of that growth area. As you know, InControl, when we bought Orbiscom years ago, InControl came with some IP protection around the virtual card space, and it's embedded into what we're doing in the commercial space.
Jason A. Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. Your line is open.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks. I just want to go back to some comments of yours, Ajay, on the Chase Net deal, and how – you guys have a similar product, and I was just wondering, specific to the United States, I mean, have there been a steady stream of discussions with some of the banks that are able to do it? And what's their interest level? Thanks.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: There've been discussions over time. I wouldn't call it a steady stream. It's kind of some banks pursue it for a period of time; others come in and out of the discussion. I'd say every once in a while, there are conversations on it with different banks here. Just – it's not – there's nobody else who's got that same position. But, yes, it's something that we're doing overseas, as I said, in some countries, and there's always the opportunity to do it in the U.S. as well if the stars and the moon align.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: One quick follow-up on EMV. You guys mentioned a pretty big number of EMV-capable terminals, but how many are actually using it?
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So 40% of them are capable is what I said, and I actually don't have a specific number off the top of my head as to how many are using it, but we've seen tens of millions of EMV transactions already between this last few weeks. So it's picking up. I'm quite hopeful that the way the Payments Security Task Force, that is set up between the industry and merchants some time ago. That Payments Security Task Force had some assumptions of how cards would get replaced and how terminals would get upgraded, and while the end of 2017 is when all the cards get replaced, it's actually not a linear line to there. It's pretty high already at 60-odd percent by the end of this year, and I think by end of next year, it's mostly done with a few left in 2017. It's a similar trend for terminals. But, remember, smaller merchants will take longer because they've got to work through the ISO network, and there's a whole game out there to be played. But it's – over the next couple of years it should be quite well embedded.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Which by the way, is much faster than we've seen in any other country around the world.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Brendler with Stifel. Your line is open.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning. Another question on Chase Pay and MasterPass. Can you just talk about your strategy as it stands today for merchant adoption on the online wallet side? (36:21)
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, so you're talking about the recent announcement at Money20/20 when Chase Pay talked about linking up with MCX, right?
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Well, that's (36:34)
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Chris, if you have a headset on or something, you're cutting out.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Chris?
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Chris, we can't hear you.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Better?
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Much better.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. (36:53) two-part question. One is the (36:55) in I guess primarily...
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Chris, sorry...
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: ...in the U.S. for MasterPass in the online space and trying to compete with PayPal and all the other competitors that are targeting that space. It just doesn't seem like we've seen a lot of traction. You've got some big-name merchants, but I just don't understand exactly why merchants aren't eager to adopt something that would help consumers check out. And the second part of the question is, when it comes to MCX, just any current thoughts on the competitive threat there? Do you expect it to be included in MCX at some point? Do you expect to also include your two-stage wallet fee as part of any arrangement with MCX? Thanks.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So the first part, the part about adoption. Building acceptance is a relatively long marathon, and we've kind of all forgotten that, because we've built it into the physical space over a period of time with cards, and as cards became more or more ubiquitous, acceptance tends to grow faster. But we know what it's like to build acceptance in emerging markets, for example, where the infrastructure may not be as strong or where the number of cards in people's pockets may be lower. It's a little bit of a chicken-and-egg. Merchants begin to accept electronic payments when there's enough pull from consumers for that. Consumers also tend to pick up electronic payments when there's enough acceptance for them, and this symbiotic thing takes a little time to pick up and roll on a mountainside – a bit like a snowball rolling downhill. Think of it that way. And it's pretty much the same here. PayPal's been around for a long time. They've done a very good job of building their acceptance. We've only started a little while ago, and I think as you make progress on building acceptance on this, you get chunks of merchants at some times and other times it's a one-by-one kind of thing. One of the things we had learned is that it's really important to build acceptance for this in the day-to-day merchant usage category, because that will encourage consumers to use their MasterPass wallet or their bank wallet more often. And the moment you do that, the merchant gets reinforced because this is a good thing to connect up with, and that's what we're trying to do. So you'll see us make a lot of effort on this as you'll see the whole industry making efforts over the last year or so. You'll see us all doing this for the next couple of years. And don't judge MasterPass or the digital payment system as a whole by a sprint. Judge it as a marathon. Otherwise by that logic, none of the current mobile payment or digital payment systems have reached any scale. Don't do that, because I think it's a cumulative effect over a period of time. That's the way I'd look at it.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And on MCX?
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So I think MCX is interesting. I haven't changed my opinion about the – my previous view. I haven't yet seen anything new roll out from them. I consider them to all be very large and useful merchants with whom we have many relationships. And so we're kind of working with all of them. And we'll see. We'll see when they launch something, which – and what the consumer experience is. Finally, in digital payments or mobile-based payments, a lot of this is going to be about the consumer experience, because if it's going to be clunky, then what problem are you trying to solve with that technology that the consumer's feeling today with a card? You're not solving for their convenience and for the ease of use. And so it's all about the consumer experience in addition to all the other elements of the ecosystem. So I'm waiting. I'm working with them. We meet them. We talk to them. We'll see. The staged wallet fee is very much something that's a principal policy in our company. We believe that if you were to take funding sources from different sources and not provide clarity to the merchant, the consumer, and the issuing institution, at the end of what funding source was used for what purchase, you're kind of mixing up a lot of things. You're mixing up a lot of the issues in the marketplace, including how you provide customer service and the value of different payment systems, both for the merchant and the consumer and the issuing bank. So we've kind of got a policy around that, and we're sticking to that policy.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question is from Smitti with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Smitti Srethapramote - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you. Just wanted to follow up on the debit business. I'm just wondering if you could give more details in terms of what happened to the PIN debit business in the past quarter and if those same factors will continue in the coming quarters. And while we're on the topic of debit, I was just wondering, too, if you could share with us your thoughts on what you potentially see in terms of the competitive dynamics in the signature debit market given that one of the largest acquirers will be entering that market next year.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: So first of all on the first question, Smitti, look, the PIN POS business is a tough business, right? It's a very competitive business. We've been explaining to you that we are extremely price conscious about that and that every month we are making sure that we get the right kind of transactions and the right number of transactions coming in, into our network. But things move, right? Competitively they move. Some cards get added, other PIN options, so that moves then in terms of what you see on all your network. And so every month we're basically working it off, and this month or this quarter you saw a little bit of a stepdown. You also saw that in October. I think over the next three, four months we'll be regaining some of that as we're working through that competitive environment.
Smitti Srethapramote - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: And then the signature debit?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Can you repeat your question on signature debit and what you're trying to get after there?
Smitti Srethapramote - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah, so signature debit, right now it's just you guys and Visa, right? And First Data has talked about entering that market next year. I was just wondering if we could get your thoughts in terms of how you see that market developing.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Look, Smitti, we'll see. I mean, obviously in a number of countries around the world, you're not having just one or two choices, right? You have a number of choices including local providers, and we'll see what happens in the United States. But at this point in time, it's a little too early to pontificate about how this could happen and how this would be impacting the business.
Smitti Srethapramote - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. In the other revenue line, you called out, Martina, safety and security solutions and I'm wondering if you could just elaborate a little bit on that in terms of being able to monetize or commercialize tokenization and encryption offerings, or what specifically is in there? And can that be a driver of revenue growth at the margin looking out over the next several years?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Look, safety and security you can't just look at this in terms of what we're doing on the tokenization or on the MDES piece. Safety and security is a much broader kind of umbrella. And we actually pulled all of our safety and security product offering together a couple of years ago under one leadership. And what is really what we're after is what are kind of products and services can we offer that keeps the consumer safe, that keeps the merchant safe, and that keeps the financial institutions and the processor safe in the space? So you have a number of players in the industry that are having the same kind of thinking in terms of keeping everybody safe. We have a ton of unbelievably interesting products that we have built on a very good base over the last couple of years. I'll give you one example. So for instance the product that we call SafetyNet – and some of you saw that, of course, at our Investor Day. Right? On SafetyNet, we basically have in the network algorithms that allow us to detect if particular cards or portfolios have been penetrated in such a way that there are red flags coming up, and we have to make sure that the financial institutions or the related party actually knows how to deal with that. And we do that within nanoseconds, right? Those kind of products, which have been rolled out worldwide – SafetyNet has been now rolled out worldwide – we can absolutely charge for. And that is some of the things that – the charges that people will agree to – they have to agree to if they want to utilize this product. And those are the kind of revenues that you see coming in here.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So you had a second part of your question, which was about tokenization and all that mixed up inside that. And the safety/security business to me is about prevention, detection, and finally enhancing the experience of the consumer and the merchant and the issuing institution. And we're actually building a strategic path process in it over the last couple of years, not just selling product. And you're seeing the result of some of that beginning to show up in our revenue lines. I'm quite hopeful that safety and security will be a good way for us to grow. We are a natural provider of some of these thinkings for those people in the ecosystem. And it's necessarily a part of what we do. For a consumer we've got ID theft solutions to we've got Authorization IQ solutions for merchants, to issuing solutions to using data, to all that. And we've got new technology stuff coming in where the tokenization comes, but also "selfie pay" and biometrics and heartbeat monitors with Nymi. And we've launched that with TD Bank in Canada. This is the whole series of things in this space. I don't think tokenization itself should be counted as a revenue stream per se. Tokenization is probably like table stakes; we don't charge for EMV. A chip manufacturer may be charging some money to provide the chip. We don't charge them extra. That's table stakes in digital. So that's not what I'm trying to do with tokenization. Kind of make it safer, most secure, EMV type security in digital for the future of payments that are going to grow digital. But there's a lot of other places in safety and security where you can make good money and good revenue for providing a service that people can opt into and use. That's what we're trying to do.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Jim Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Jim Schneider of Goldman Sachs, your line is open.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Jim, are you on mute?
Operator: And we'll move on to the next question from Darrin Peller with Barclays. Your line is open.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, guys. Look, I wanted to ask about how you think your positioning might be in a post-Visa/Visa Europe environment if they were to consolidate. We've heard some opinions that it could be a benefit for you guys given that obviously pricing can become more rational. And maybe you could touch on that, as well as maybe market share. Just given that right now obviously Visa Europe's owned by the banks; some of that loyalty may break apart.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: There's a lot of questions back and forth on Visa and Visa Europe. I think we've answered them a few times now, but I'll go over a couple of parts for you. And the first one is that whatever price and whenever the deal happens, there is going be some period of time during which the integration of these businesses from a technology, culture, operation point of view, will take some energy, effort, and dedication. And we've seen that in our prior transactions in MasterCard even before I joined. Not just at the IPO, but even before the IPO with the purchase of Europay. And there is a fair amount of work and challenge that needs to go into it. That'll happen. When that's done over a period of some years, there's no doubt that one of the things that we do use today to go talk to global banks or global merchants – and recognize there aren't too many global banks left, but there are global merchants – the ability to offer a unified proposition. That one, which was unique to us in some ways, will no longer be unique to us. And that'll change the competitive landscape in some ways when this integration is completely done. In the meanwhile, there'll be lots of moving around and lots of opportunities. And you yourself raised some of those around maybe it's pricing, maybe it's deal terms, and all those could be interesting ideas for us to explore. We're going to try. And as you can imagine, we've got people who have been thinking about this for a while. I'm pretty certain that as Visa is going through their thinking, they've got people thinking about how to prevent that from happening, and that's the usual game in B2B. It'll be a lot of fun.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then just my quick follow-up is on the regulatory changes in Europe also, that's something that's been presented as an opportunity and obviously an impact. Have you quantified any of that? It's obviously in your guidance already, but have you really counted on any market share gains on the local networks into your guidance? And then thanks a lot, guys.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: So the only thing that we comprehended in our long-term guidance is what we have been doing over the last many years. As you know, we've been gaining market share profitably in Europe over many, many years, and you know that our business is in the mid-teens kind of really driving very significant bottom line results for us. That's the kind of continuation that we baked in. We did not bake in anything above that.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful, guys. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Craig Maurer with Autonomous. Your line is open.
Craig J. Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP: Yeah, hi. I was just hoping you could help me think about some of these recent co-brand deals where interchange has been presumably guaranteed at a much lower rate. In these warehouse deals like Costco and Sam's Club, where you might see a large influx of small-business spend because of the nature of those businesses, how do you reconcile for the bank where interchange has been cut down to 40 basis points but they might have a small business card with 150 basis point cash back and no receivables balances that roll over? I mean, I would imagine there's got be over the coming years some breaking point in this paradigm where something has to change.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Craig, I mean, that's a very specific certain aspect of our business, right, and I don't know all those numbers you just talked about because some of them are unfamiliar to me and probably known to somebody else who may have done deals of that type. But I don't know about those. I do know that at the end of the day, interchange, which was once upon a time, many years ago, just basically a announcement that went out with some kind of levels built in for category of spend, over the years, as you've noticed in many parts of the world, interchange discussions aren't that inflexible, and they do have discussions with merchants. It's not just in the United States; it happens elsewhere as well. If you, for example, were to look at the interchange on a high-value payment for electricity bills or for utilities, it's very different from the interchange in a different kind of store. And so, in a way, in fact, the setting of merchant discount rates and interchange based on these kinds of conversations between merchants and acquirers and networks and issuing banks is part of what the industry is dealing with. And I don't know that that's such a bad thing. I think in fact if anything, it makes some of the claims of there being only a one-sided perspective of this pricing being one way a little less tenuous, a little less provable, because if these transactions are being discussed, then at that point of time, that means there's a relatively open negotiation between some categories of merchants and some acquirers and some issuers and some networks and so on. I don't know that all of that is a bad thing. And I think the fact that rewards are in some cards and some cards may go to one merchant which may have a different interchange flow, makes you think that the only revenue stream for a card is from interchange, and I think that's inappropriate too. There are multiple revenue streams into a card, multiple revenue streams into an issuer, multiple revenue streams that get used for providing a series of consumer benefits across tens of millions of merchants, not one. So I wouldn't try and equate one merchant with one card. That's kind of not how this business is built.
Craig J. Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP: And then if I can follow up quickly. We've seen Congress look at why merchants are not getting any break for putting EMV in place if it supposedly will lower fraud costs. It just seems like the networks are missing an opportunity to grab the narrative. You have the most secure technology seen in payments ever with tokenization biometrics out there. I mean, it would make sense to me to grab that narrative back. And say you put in this capability and we will offer a discount, but you have to do this for us, and we'll reciprocate. I'm not trying to (54:51) -
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Craig, the liability shift is what that's all about.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Exactly.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's exactly what the liability shift is. It is actually about saying...
Craig J. Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP: Understood.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: ...that if a merchant were to put in the appropriate level of terminal and type, they will have the benefit of that. That's exactly what it is.
Craig J. Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP: Understood. But you have a technology out there that goes beyond EMV.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, no, no. Not – but...
Craig J. Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP: And there's...
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: ...digital is a very small start. And we are still talking – look, 1% of the transactions are right now in a mobile phone in some cases in certain markets. 99% of the stuff is still happening in a certain way. Even e-commerce, in browser-based payments, e-commerce is 6% or 7% of retail transactions in the U.S. So I'm very focused on making sure that we get the EMV done. Get the liability shift discussion out there. Have it established. Have it be the way in which the system is set. And I'm sure over time, when the digital space becomes larger, similar logic will prevail. I don't know exactly how it'll prevail. I don't know what the nature of it will be. So I'm not going to speculate. But one step at a time. This itself to me (56:03) the liability shift, you remember, when we first announced it a couple of years ago, we were pretty much out there on our own for a while. Because it's new. And it needs to settle in. So I say watch that space over time as it grows.
Craig J. Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Tom McCrohan with CLSA. Your line is open.
Thomas McCrohan - CLSA Americas LLC: Hi, guys. And I just had a question on the appetite that you're seeing in your conversations with your largest issuers to invest in new client acquisition, particular given that rates still are low; are they waiting for rates to go higher before they do that? And there seems to be a lot of turmoil in the market, and particularly at American Express with all the management changes. I'm just wondering what kind of conversations you're having with your largest issuers?
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Tom, my sense is that over the last year or two, a number of the larger, and even some of the medium-size and smaller issuers, are clearly back in the market with an appetite for driving consumer acquisition. And I mean that in the credit-debit kind of space. Prepaid has been growing for a while. Commercial's been growing for a while. Some banks even during the crisis were able to sustain their ability to keep acquiring. You know that they've come out of this with the right vintages. And you can see the result in their growth rates of card ownership and spend rates. Others had to hold back for a while and are now back in the market. I kind of see things happening. I don't think that card acquisition growth rates are being held back only by rate differential. It's also by their comfort around credit quality. And in fact that's where it starts from. And you can see that as credit quality for the banks has improved, delinquencies have come down, write-offs have come down. Their whole approach to being thoughtful about how to acquire consumers is very much back in the space.
Thomas McCrohan - CLSA Americas LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Lisa Ellis with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Lisa D. Ellis - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. You're now a few quarters in to the APT and 5one acquisitions. Can you just, Ajay, give a little bit of an update on how you feel like those are going, what kind of traction you're seeing incrementally on the merchant side as a result?
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: APT actually is just a quarter. The second quarter's now, right. So it's very new news, but making good traction with APT. We've actually got a number of deals that are in different stages of either having been signed and getting implemented as pilots, because that's typically how this – it's a Test & Learn thing. That's what APT's into. You tend to start at the pile of the client. If it works well, you'll get a bigger piece of business from them in order to move into a different space. And that's pretty much what's going on. We're actually very excited about APT. It's got a huge potential for us in merchants. Remember, the best part about APT is that the data doesn't have to leave the merchant shop. It stays into the merchant shop. What's built into the terminals at the merchant shop is different tools that the APT team develops with their intellectual property on the Test & Learn capability. So it makes merchants far more comfortable. Our anonymized data can be used to make that tool even more predictable, but that data doesn't leave their shop. So it's actually a pretty interesting opportunity. 5one, 5one was a much smaller business when we bought it, but it's completely integrated into what we're doing and giving us a great deal of merchant traction across the world. They were very focused on a few markets. It's moving to other places, and you saw us, when Kevin Stanton was standing up at the Investor Day recently, he talked about examples of what we were doing with merchants, and that's where we're headed. I'd say watch the space. It's early days. We're beginning to see good relationships and frequent repurchasing from the merchants of things we're doing with them. It will take us three, four, five years to make this what we want it to be, but we're very focused on it.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, and, Lisa, what's good is even early days, I mean, even for 5one which we've just about had for a year. So for both 5one and APT, we already put some points on the board in terms of real agreements that are driving some revenues for those businesses. And that's very gratifying to see.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Operator, I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: Certainly. The final question is from Ken Bruce with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Kenneth Bruce - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning. My question's probably a little far afield, but there's a lot of energy going into this topic, and I'm interested in your perspective on how blockchain technologies or distributed ledger technologies may be integrated into remittance and payments generally and specifically what MasterCard's activities are in the space. Now, ignoring Bitcoin. I have no interest in that. Really just blockchain technologies, please.
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Ken, I think blockchain's got potential. I've said this publicly quite a few times now on different panels and statements that I make. I think the real issue here will be will legal dispute settlement systems accept a distributed ledger as a way of resolving a conflict if and when it were to arise between a payer and a receiver? Finally, the whole payment system works on two or three things. Trust that the money will get there. Two, that it will be accurate. Three, that if it's not accurate there's a methodology to get your money back. I think that's going to have to be both the methodology of reaching people, which in this case if there's a distributed chain that you don't know who the hell they are, that's a little complicated. And then alternatively, a legal settlement process that you have recourse to. I think all that needs to be figured out. In addition to the basics, which is, will all this be accepted for in the case of remittances and other things? Will it be accepted for the right kind of level playing field by the regulators on KYC and Anti-Money Laundering and those kinds of things? I believe that over a period of time either the blockchain the way it is today or some derivative of it as we all experiment and evolve with it and engage in a dialogue with it, I'm sure it'll have a role to play, whether it's in remittance and payments or it's in different kinds of record-keeping audits and asset transfer audits, a mix of all those, I don't yet know. But I think not engaging with it would be a serious error. And a lot of people in our MasterCard Labs – Garry Lyons, actually if you ever run into him – that would be a good guy to talk to about this. He knows more about this than I'll ever learn. And he will tell you that we've been experimenting in this space for a while. We've got patents in the space. We've got experimentations and lab designs in the space. We've got investments with venture capital firms in the space. We've got investments directly in companies in that space to learn and I guess make our mistakes along the way, but that's what we're doing.
Kenneth Bruce - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Ajay?
Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So thank you all for your question. I'm going to leave you with a very short list of a few closing thoughts. And the first is I continue to think our business is performing well. You can see that reflected in our continuing strong volume, strong transaction growth. Global economic uncertainty remains. We are seeing that in the periods of growth in some regions in some aspects, as the first question I got about cross-border. We're pleased with the progress of the rollout of EMV in the U.S., continuing to build on our momentum with MasterPass and MDES and tokenization in the digital payments space, but it's early days. We remain focused on driving future growth opportunities while managing what we're going through today and the needs of our business today. So thank you so much for your continued support of the company, and thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive Ajay Banga - President & Chief Executive Officer Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC Robert P. Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC Moshe A. Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Thomas McCrohan - CLSA Americas LLC Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Smittipon Srethapramote - Morgan Stanley Craig J. Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP David Togut - Evercore ISI Christopher C. Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. William Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc. James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co. Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to MasterCard's second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. My name is John, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Barbara Gasper, Executive Vice President of Investor Relations.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Thank you, John. Good morning and thank you all for joining us for a discussion about our second quarter 2015 financial results. With me on the call today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask a question. Even if you think you have already dialed into the queue, you will need to register again following our prepared comments. This morning's earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, MasterCard.com. Both the release and the slide deck include reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their GAAP equivalents. These documents have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one month. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today's call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release as well as contained in our recent SEC filings. With that, I will now turn the call over to Ajay.
Ajay Banga - President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Barbara. Good morning, everybody. Our business continues to perform well with good volume and good transaction growth as well as the signing of a number of new deals. And as you all know, that's despite the mixed economic environment we're all navigating through. After we adjust for currency headwinds, our net revenue grew 7%, which is exactly in line with our expectations. And, as you know, executing on our strategy over the last few years has included our acquiring a number of businesses, and in fact, that accelerated over the past year or so. And they are having a slight drag in our bottom line until we get them fully integrated. As we do this, we are very closely monitoring our organic expense growth to help fund these integrations, and that close care has delivered EPS growth of 15%. That of course excludes the impacts of currency translation and a special item related to litigation that we will touch on later during the call. I'm going to just briefly touch on global economics this quarter. And overall, the environments in the U.S. and Europe have continued to improve, as key economic indicators remained healthy. But the U.S. consumer is still not spending all of their gas savings. Latin America and Asia-Pacific remain challenged, most notably in Brazil and in China, and our business continues to be impacted by the strong U.S. dollar. But our fundamentals remain strong, with double-digit volume and transaction growth in spite of these economic situations. So before we go to our business highlights, let me quickly update you in China. Two weeks ago, the Chinese regulator issued a draft version of the guidelines for review and for comment. They're going to need further clarity on some of the details there that are connected to domestic switching operations, and I'm assuming that will probably happen when the final regulations are issued likely later this year. In the meanwhile, what we are doing is working on all fronts, issuing, acquiring, and on-soil processing so we can try and take advantage of this opportunity as we get further clarity. Based on everything we know today, we continue to believe what we told you earlier; that we would be technically ready to process domestic Chinese transactions by the end of 2016. So let's move on to some of our recent business activity. And during the quarter, we signed a number of new agreements and renewals around the world, and I'm going to pick three of four examples. So in the UK, we signed a new agreement with Virgin Money to convert their debit card portfolio to contactless-enabled debit MasterCards. And that deal now gives us 100% of Virgin Money's existing proprietary debit and credit book. In the U.S., we continue to grow our debit businesses by signing now, for example, a new agreement with TD Bank to convert their PIN debit card portfolio to preferred MasterCard routing. In the U.S. as well, we have several co-brand credit renewals, Ann Taylor, Barnes & Noble, Brooks Brothers, [Fred] Meijer, and Spirit Airlines. And so moving beyond all these specific customer agreements, I'm going to talk about a couple of topics. And the first one is we are significantly investing in cybersecurity-related technology to offer much greater protection to our cardholders, to merchants, to issuing banks. And there is no silver bullet to completely eliminate fraud. But if you apply a sensible multi-layered approach that has some coordination across the industry, we are all convinced we can help to significantly reduce that risk. And protecting card credentials through EMV, through SecureCode, and now through tokenization are only a few examples of our efforts in this area. We've actually recently announced the expansion of our tokenization services to private label card issuers, and we're the first data network to do so for BJ's Wholesale Club. Kohl's and JCPenney will be among the first retailers use these services later this year. We also partnered with Synchrony Financial and Citi Retail Services, and these are two of the largest private label issuers in the U.S., to enable the use of their private label cards in participating mobile payment and digital wallet services. Another area of focus in this space is safety as well as using biometrics to further protect the consumer's identity. And you've all seen news stories on pilots we are doing where consumers use an app on their smartphone to verify their identity for online transactions by taking a selfie. For those of you attending our Investor Day in September, you can take 100 selfies each and see this technology in person. Another example is SafetyNet. As many of you saw demonstrated at last year's Investor Day, we are actually working closely with many providers, including people like CrowdStrike and FireEye to share broader cyber threat information. But the thing is with SafetyNet, it's not just about sharing the information. We don't just detect threats, but we act upon them in real time by providing an independent layer of security on behalf of our issuers globally. In 2014, for example, SafetyNet detected and stopped several confirmed fraud events, including two where forensics determined that the issuer exposure could have been roughly $80 million. So SafetyNet's unique solution is now being deployed globally across all products, all channels. And over the past two years since launch, more than 80% of our issuers are now using this service. Remember, not just to share the information, but to act upon that in real time. Another topic of interest is how acquisitions fit into our overall strategy. So as a reminder, our M&A focus areas include loyalty, data analytics, processing, and safety and security. Now because these areas are all of strategic importance to us, our belief is that any transaction we do there has to stand on its own in terms of contribution, but it's also, most importantly, got to provide ways for us to cross-sell their capabilities in a bundled way with existing MasterCard products and services, what we talk about as the multiplier effect. So today I'm going to talk a little bit about what these acquisitions are doing, some of them at least, in combination with the rest of MasterCard. First of all, anything we acquired before 2014 such as DataCash and Access Prepaid is now already embedded in our base numbers. These acquisitions have been extremely helpful in expanding our business and revenue growth, and as I mentioned, just how both on their own but also as combined with our existing products. And let me give you one example from each of DataCash and Access. By combining our acquisition of DataCash with our previously existing gateway services in Asia-Pacific and then our recent acquisition of TNS [Transaction Network Services], we have built one of the few global e-commerce gateway solutions available. And that combined solution is enabling us to get closer to acquirers, closer to merchants, more recently deploy our innovations with them, and protect their digital transactions with what I think are extremely robust fraud and risk management solutions. So for example, we now have over 120 relationships with acquirers around the world, and we are providing integrated product offerings directed at merchants such as an omni-channel solution for H&M in the UK. DataCash is also enabling us to more easily deploy innovations like MasterPass. We've added MasterPass to the Boots drug store chain website in the UK. We just quickly connected over 2,000 merchants in just a few days for the Commonwealth Bank of Australia, all these enabled through DataCash. Another example H.I.S.; that's Japan's leading travel company, is using DataCash's fraud management solution to enable safe online sales in Malaysia and in Indonesia. Access, in 2013 Access Prepaid helped Qantas upgrade its frequent flyer program to include the Qantas Cash multicurrency prepaid card. And just recently, that Qantas Cash surpassed A$1 billion in sales. It's added almost 10 million transactions processed by MasterCard since launch. And that, by the way, is just one of many currency prepaid cards in a number of verticals that have launched around the world using the program management capabilities of Access Prepaid combined with our prepaid product capacity and our selling skills in the regions. So let's get to talk about acquisitions we've done over the past 18 months. And those, by the way, are the ones we include when we call out acquisitions in our numbers. Remember, we only exclude acquisitions from our base for up to two calendar years. And that means that by the end of this year, of the acquisitions made recently, only Applied Predictive Technologies, APT, will continue to be excluded in 2016. So a few examples of how some of these newer acquisitions are supporting our strategy. In February 2014, we added substantial software engineering capacity and capabilities in the digital and mobile payments area with the acquisition of C-SAM. That's allowing us to accelerate the development and the expansion of MasterPass and other mobile payment solutions. And just this morning we've announced the launch of MasterPass in India, bringing the total number of live markets to 24. And on the merchant side, we've added Alitalia, South African Airways, Carnival Cruise Lines, WestJet in Canada, and a host of others. In May 2014, the acquisition of ElectraCard Services, ECS, expanded our development capabilities and that enabled us to provide lower-cost authorization and clearing services as well as a suite of platforms that enable local issuer processing or local acquirer processing services. As one example, ECS's technology was what we used to open our processing center in Dubai last year. So C-SAM in combination with ECS now provides the backbone of our technology hub in India. With our large team of talented technologists, we have a wealth of creative ideas. That tech hub is playing a very important role in creating and supporting innovative digital payment technologies that we're now using around the world. On the loyalty front, we acquired Pinpoint last year. That's the premier loyalty provider in Australia. We're now expanding that across Asia-Pacific. Pinpoint enables us to offer value-added solutions to issuers, to merchants and to consumers. And an example is the recent agreement with Cuscal in Australia, who will not only be converting their consumer credit business to MasterCard, but while doing so are adding Pinpoint's loyalty solutions. Another example, this one in the merchant space, is that we recently won a deal with Dick Smith Electronics in Australia. And this deal combines the Pinpoint redemption network for their gift cards. We add MasterPass to their website, we provide Advisors analytics to support their business. And yet another example of using loyalty to address merchant needs and then including additional MasterCard services to help them in other ways. And finally, our most recent acquisition is APT, Applied Predictive Technologies. That's the leading cloud-based analytics company in the information services area. Their Test & Learn platform combined with our anonymized transaction data and Advisors analytics capabilities is what enables us to advance our ability to deliver differentiated products to issuers as well as to merchants and to expand our reach beyond our traditional client base. And in fact, just a few weeks after the acquisition, APT's access to our expanded client base has already resulted in a number of wins, and I'm going to call out two of them. The first is with BancoPosta in Italy, where APT's platform will be used to test the promotional effectiveness of their loyalty scheme. The second one is with a leading Canadian retailer to help them address some of their key business challenges. So why am I saying all this to you about acquisitions? Because we recognize that for each acquisition, there's a certain amount of effort, a certain amount of investment. But we are clearly seeing the benefits that come from them in our engagements with clients, particularly when you look at adding their capacity to the services and capability that MasterCard already provides. So with that, let me turn the call over to Martina for going into our financial results and operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning, everyone. So let me begin on page three of our slide deck, where you see the difference between non-GAAP reported and FX-adjusted growth rates for this quarter. The differential continues to be primarily driven by the euro-U.S. dollar exchange rate. And these figures also exclude the impact of a special item taken this quarter related to a settlement we made with Tesco, the largest merchant involved in the UK merchant litigation case. So you can see EPS growth was 6% or 15% after adjusting for currency. Continued revenue momentum, good cost control and executing on our tax strategies and current share repurchase program all contributed to that performance. I'd like to point out a few items here and then I'll talk about the major P&L line items in subsequent slides. First, as expected, acquisitions that we made in 2014 and 2015 drove $0.03 of dilution. Second, the tax rate was favorable at 25.8% in the quarter, primarily due to our continued focus on better aligning our tax structure with our business footprint. Third, share repurchases contributed $0.02 per share to our second quarter results. As of July 22, we have $2 billion remaining under our current authorization. Lastly, cash flow from operations was $821 million. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalent and other liquid investments of about $5.1 billion. So let me turn to page four, where you can see the operational metrics for the second quarter. Our worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV, was up 13% on a local currency basis, up from last quarter. Overall, our U.S. GDV grew 7%, made up of credit and debit growth of 7% and 8%, respectively. Total U.S. GDV was up 1 ppt versus last quarter, primarily due to our consumer credit programs and partially offset by the continued 2 ppt headwind from lower gas prices. Outside of the U.S., volume growth was 16% on a local currency basis, up from last quarter and primarily driven by Europe. Cross-border volume grew 17% on a local currency basis, lower than the 19% we saw in the first quarter, down slightly in all regions except the U.S. Of particular note, growth in Europe remained strong, in the low 20%s, with the United Kingdom, Italy, Germany and Sweden as key contributors. Turning to page five, you can see here processed transactions grew 13% globally to 12 billion. We continued to see double-digit growth in most regions. Growth increased from the 12% we saw in the first quarter, primarily due to the U.S. and Europe. And globally the number of cards grew 8%, with 2.2 billion MasterCard and Maestro-branded cards. Now let's turn to page six for highlights on a few of the revenue line items. Net revenue growth was 1% as reported or 7% FX-adjusted given currency headwinds and in line with our overall expectations. Looking at the components of net revenue, gross revenue increased 12% FX-adjusted, but we saw 28% growth in rebates and incentives, primarily due to the expected higher upfront incentive amortization from recently renewed contacts that we told you about. And additionally, the impact of local currency exchange rates was a 2 ppt headwind. Acquisitions contributed a little bit more than 2 ppts to net revenue growth. Looking quickly at the individual revenue line items on an FX-adjusted basis. First of all, domestic assessments grew 9% while worldwide GDV grew 13%. This 4 ppt gap is primarily due to the impact of local currency somewhat offset by pricing. Cross-border volume fees grew 9% while cross-border volume grew 17%. Of the 8 ppt gap, the majority is due to higher mix of intra-Europe activity as well as some local currency impact. Transaction processing fees grew 12%, primarily driven by the 13% growth in processed transactions. Finally, other revenues grew 29%. While primarily driven this quarter by our PinPoint acquisition, our advisor business and our safety and security products and services continued to contribute to the growth of other revenue. Moving on to page seven, here you can see total operating expenses after excluding the special item increased 9% in the quarter or 14% on an FX-adjusted basis. Of this, M&A activities contributed 10 ppts to total FX-adjusted expense growth, which is in line with what we have been expecting. The remaining 4 ppts was due to organic growth. We've modified the line at the bottom of our standard presentation chart to make it easier for you to compare the growth rates including and excluding M&A activities. As a reminder, the only acquisitions that we call out here are the ones that we did in 2014 and 2015. Most of our expense growth is in G&A. while the savings from our restructuring efforts essentially offset much of our reinvestment activities, the remaining growth was primarily due to the continued increase in our transaction processing activities, driving higher data processing expenses. Data processing is also the line item in G&A where we are beginning to see the impact of paying the new local Russian processor, or NSPK, for processing domestic transactions. You can also see that most of our D&A expense growth is related to acquisitions, in particular the amortization of intangibles. Turning to slide eight, let's discuss what we have seen in July through the 21st. Most of our business drivers are showing a higher growth rate compared to what we saw in the second quarter. The numbers through July 21 are as follows. Starting with processed volume, we saw global growth of 13%, up from the 11% in the second quarter. In the U.S., our processed volume grew 7%, up two PPT from what we saw last quarter, even after a continued 2 ppt headwind from lower gas prices. And we saw an increase in both our credit and debit programs. Processed volume outside the U.S. grew 20%, also up about 2 ppts from the second quarter, with higher growth in every region. Globally, processed transaction growth was 14%, up 1 ppt from what we saw in the second quarter, with double-digit growth in all regions except the U.S., which grew in the high single digits. And with respect to cross-border, our volumes grew at 19% globally, up 2 ppts from our second quarter growth. All regions were up in July except for the U.S., which was essentially flat. However, we did see a continued uptick in volume from the U.S. to Europe that began during the second quarter. Looking ahead, here is some commentary about full-year 2015. Let me start by summarizing our thoughts about FX. And remember, the currency impacts us in two ways. So first of all, we have the impact of our functional currencies, the euro and the Brazilian real, relative to the U.S. dollar, and this is what we refer to as FX-adjusted. While the real has continued to depreciate versus the U.S. dollar since our last earnings call commentary, the euro decline has somewhat stabilized. Second, we have the impact of local currency rates relative to their functional currencies, and the impact of this is already included in our FX-adjusted guidance. Our view for both of these factors hasn't changed since our last earnings call despite movements in several individual FX rates. So let me summarize. For the functional currency translation impact, the first FX factor I just mentioned, we continue to expect the net impact of the euro and the real would be a 6 ppts to 8 ppts headwind to our as-reported results for the full year depending on what line item we are talking about, so revenue, net income, or EPS. And this assumes the euro continues trading at the $1.10 level and the Brazilian real at the BRL 3.35 level for the rest of the year. And for the local to functional currency impact, so this is the second FX factor that I mentioned, we continue to expect a net headwind in the 2 ppt range throughout the year both to revenue and the bottom line based on current rates. Now let's move on to some of the individual P&L line items. And as you can see from our volume and transaction metrics, our underlying business remains strong, and little has changed in our 2015 outlook versus what we said back in April. On an FX-adjusted basis, we continue to expect high single-digit net revenue growth for 2015, including roughly two PPT from acquisitions. And on an as-reported basis, the net revenue growth rate will still likely be in the low single-digit range as a result of roughly 6 ppt FX headwind, primarily from the euro functional translation, and that's based on current rates. Moving to rebates and incentives, we continue to expect the full-year 2015 growth rate to be similar to the growth rate that we saw in Q1. The higher growth rate that we saw in Q2 will continue into Q3 before coming down in Q4, and that's due to the expected timing of some deals. We're looking at total operating expense. We are now contemplating what investments we will need to make in China as the domestic market opens. While these will occur over the next couple of years, we will start investing in the next few months, and we have not previously factored that into our thinking around 2015 operating expense. So we are now projecting the growth rate for total operating expense for full year 2015 to be in the high-single digits on an FX-adjusted basis, up just slightly from our earlier view. Our full year continues to include a roughly 7 ppt impact from acquisitions and as-reported growth will now likely to be mid-single digit range after continuing to expect a roughly 4 ppt tailwind from the euro and the real translation. We continue to project total EPS dilution will be about $0.11 to $0.13 for the full year 2015 from our recent acquisitions, including APT which closed back in May. And less than half of the expected dilution is due to the amortization of acquired intangibles. You should now assume a full-year 2015 tax rate of about 27% due to the continued benefits we have seen so far this year. So to summarize, solid fundamentals continue to drive our underlying business in 2015 despite the mixed economic environment. Our expectations for headwinds from FX have not changed from what we said back in April, and we are still winning new business and managing our overall expenses prudently. Finally, let me move on to our long-term performance objectives. First, I know many of you continue to ask when we will be rolling our performance objectives forward. We will provide you with our new long-term objectives at our Investor Day in September. So for the 2013 to 2015 period, our performance objectives remain unchanged from what I have said on our last earnings call. Given our expectations for 2015 revenue growth, we expect to deliver at the low end of our 11% to 14% net revenue CAGR. We continue to expect at least 20% EPS CAGR for the three-year period due to the continued expense management as well as benefits from our lower tax rate and share repurchases. And we remain committed to our annual operating margin target of at least 50%. Remember, these objectives are on a constant currency basis and exclude the M&A activity that we just talked about as well as any new ones that might occur this year. Now let me turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session. Barbara?
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Thank you, Martina. We're now ready to begin the question-and-answer period. And in order to get to as many people as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and then queue back in for additional questions. John?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Good morning. I wanted to ask on the revenue, I guess. So year-to-date running 7% to 8%. I think you said 7% was right in line with your forecast. So I know a lot of moving pieces, but just curious, maybe you can remind us what's weighing on the revenue growth year-to-date from your longer-term objectives in the double-digits. I'm just trying to parse out what the headwinds are that should ease longer term. Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: So, Tien-Tsin, good morning. There really are a couple of factors in that when you look at the FX-adjusted revenue, which is the 7% for the second quarter, and by the way the factors were the same in the first quarter. Two I want to call out. One is the incentives that we are now running through our P&L, which is really related to a couple of very large agreements that we had announced earlier. And the amortization that is running through our P&L is no different than we assumed. And, of course, this is the first year where you would be running that in, so you're not going to have a lapping effect in that respect for the next year. The second factor that is still with us in some fashion is the deconversion from the Chase portfolio. So that is also going to end at the end of this year.
Ajay Banga - President & Chief Executive Officer: And, Tien-Tsin, remember that inside that 7% is the other 2 ppts of local currency impact of the currencies that are not what we call functional, meaning everything outside the euro and the real. Now, who knows where that will go longer term, but that's also something that we hadn't seen in the year or two earlier. So we've got these three things going on. We've got the front-ended loading of the incentives of some of these large deals. We've got the whole aspect of this 2 ppts of foreign exchange translation outside the euro and the real that are running through. The Chase portfolio is almost gone, but it runs through as a lapping effect to work until the end of this year. And that's three things we're dealing with. That's why you see the underlying gross volume is where you would think it would be, though the rebates and incentives combined with the 2 ppts in FX tend to pull things backwards. That's what's going on.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Napoli from William Blair.
Robert P. Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you and good morning. I was wondering, Ajay, if you could comment on the Visa – potential acquisition of Visa Europe and what that would mean, what that could mean for your European business. The revenue yield at Visa Europe is very low-high single digits. I'm just wondering if you could maybe give some thoughts on how your revenue yields compare and what you think having Visa Europe as a for-profit company would mean.
Ajay Banga - President & Chief Executive Officer: There are a lot of implications of what happens if and when Visa actually completes that activity. And if they do, there are implications on pricing and yield. So the question you're getting at and there are implications of how long it will take for them to put the companies together. We've done the Europay acquisition quite some years ago and integrating that into MasterCard did pose some amount of challenges in terms of the cultures of the two companies. You've also got the technology to be brought together. Remember that simple things like V.me and Visa Checkout are two different things and that goes into their credit and debit technologies and there's going to be a lot of stuff to be done. But let's get past all that and assume all that gets done over a period of time. Back to your yield question, MasterCard Europe's yield is higher than the Visa Europe yield, but it is lower than our MasterCard Global yield. Now, there are two or three caveats I'd like to put into your mind around that before you conclude that means our yields will go up if Visa were to be in Europe a more rational pricing competitor. The first caveat is yields in Europe generally tend to be lower. Why is that? That's because it's a heavier mix of debit, other than maybe in the UK and Spain, but most of continental Europe is heavier weighted to debit. We also process, both us and Visa, fewer transactions as a percentage because of all the competition from the old legacy domestic processors, particularly in debit, across the European countries. Now, you know there are breakthroughs happening in that space to increase the ratio of transactions we're processing. Today, we are processing just a little under 40%. Now, that's higher than we used to, but it's still only 40%. So when you process less and there's more debit, you get a naturally lower yield in the system. The second little caveat, which is an important one as well, is that MasterCard Europe, when I said our yield is higher than Visa Europe but lower than MasterCard as a whole, MasterCard Europe includes Eastern Europe and Russia. Visa Europe does not do that. And so you've got to be a little careful about assuming the numbers across MasterCard Europe and Visa Europe. You may be comparing chalk and cheese a little bit there. And the third part is you know all the regulatory change that's happening in Europe with what's going on with the interchange, and interchange doesn't directly impact network revenues. We've shown that time over time in every region around the world. But the fact is trying to go back to an issuer during a time that their own P&L is being compressed by lower interchange, dramatically lower interchange, I think that's going to be a little more challenging for pricing. So even today our pricing is higher than Visa Europe's and that's why our yield is higher. They're gaining share even in that period of time. I'm not quite sure that if they do get in, they do buy it, what their pricing logic would be. If their pricing logic is to be more rational and raise it a little bit to come closer to us, that may give us a little more flexibility. But I'm going to wait and watch before I conclude anything. Meanwhile, for us it's business as usual in Europe. They're pumping away growing share. You've heard Martina talk about our volume and our trends in Europe. We're actually trying our best to keep that business growing the way it should. We still think it's a very attractive growth business for our company in the years to come.
Robert P. Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch from Credit Suisse.
Moshe A. Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great, thanks. Ajay, you talked a little bit about some of the co-brand renewals that you secured. Can you talk a little bit about the outlook over the next several quarters, both from the standpoint of what you've got in terms of the size of what is out there to renew and then also maybe what you see at your competitors that might be a chance to get some new business?
Ajay Banga - President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Look, the co-brand business is becoming where everybody suddenly got focused on. And it's always been a relatively competitive space. And some parts of it have gotten more competitive, others less so. My general opinion has been most co-brands are decided relatively rationally. There is a great discussion on pricing that's normally the starting point, as you would expect. But I do find that there is an intelligent conversation about the value you bring to the merchant and the issuer and the consumer of that co-brand in the process of being the network on that co-brand. So if the merchant issuer feels or the bank issuer feels that this is going to be an opportunity for them to build a stronger, closer relationship with some aspect of their consumer book, you tend to benefit from that, whether it be through analytics, through things like our Advisors book, or it be through safety and security or it be through loyalty and rewards. All those tend to patch together. And in fact, just the pricing of clearing, authorizing and settlement is literally just an entry point. And a lot of what you're seeing us do in our acquisitions is to build out the capacity of the company's existing assets to connect into some of these edge of the network assets and become more than just what we used to be 10 years ago. That's what we're trying to do. And that impact will help us over time with co-brands, not just in the U.S., but also with proprietary books and also enable us to build more stable revenue streams, even as competition keeps coming into different parts of our existing revenue stream. That's a longer-term picture. It's not three, four quarters. I'm really talking out three, four, five, six years of how to think about the company for its future. Specific deals in the U.S. and elsewhere, there are a ton of them that keep coming up. Every quarter there are co-brands up. There are some small ones, some big ones. We are playing for all of them. And some of them continue to make sense to us and some of them are at a point of time when they don't make sense. Then Martina and I go and hide in a room and run away from the numbers. That's what we do.
Moshe A. Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom McCrohan from Sterne Agee (sic) [CLSA] (38:21).
Thomas McCrohan - CLSA Americas LLC: Yes, following up on the co-brand question – and I'm with CLSA, not Sterne Agee. When does a co-brand deal not make sense? If you can, give us some thoughts around how you think about that.
Ajay Banga - President & Chief Executive Officer: When it no longer makes sense? I don't how to give you a specific item or a number or thinking. But honestly, I look at it from many different ways. I look at the pricing and the yield for sure, but I look at it in every aspect of the ecosystem, issuer pricing, acquirer pricing, what you would get out of incremental volumes, what you'd get out of selling other value-added services, put the whole thing together. That, by the way, is true not just of co-brands. It's true of every deal we do. And we don't approach co-brands very differently from any other deal we do. We approach it with the same pricing discipline that we approach for any deal. And that's been our rules now at least since I've been here. I'm pretty certain that's how my predecessor used to look at them too.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey from SunTrust.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Ajay, I wonder if you can comment strategically on MasterCard's acquisition approach. It sounds like you've gotten a lot more aggressive in areas that you called out in your comments in terms of trying to build out MasterCard's capabilities. Should we anticipate this as ongoing? I'm thinking from the perspective not only of competitive differentiation but also the impact on any given period's financials as you look out into the future. Is this from a capital allocation perspective a shift in MasterCard's overall strategy, or is what we're seeing more opportunistic in nature right now?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: So, Andrew, from a strategic point of view, I think what you're seeing us doing is that we got a lot more clarity over the last four or five years in terms of where we want to strategically play, and these are the areas that Ajay has actually called out. And then what we did is we went to work and actually looked at the areas. We looked at them organically and what can we actually build. We looked at whether we can partner with people, and then we also looked at what kind of companies and skill sets are out there that we could potentially purchase. And I think you see the culmination over the last 18 months of all of that work, putting it together. We're looking at these acquisitions always first strategically. Do they fit with MasterCard? Will they expand our business? Will they be catering to the multiplier effect that Ajay was mentioning? That means not only putting their skill sets into our business but combining it with what we have and actually getting more out of it, so we looked at all of this. And then of course, we looked at does it culturally make sense? Can the companies work together, as well as does it make financially sense? All of those three criteria we really have not changed. And when you look at our comments about capital deployment, again, we haven't changed those at all. We said first, we would be investing organically in the business. Second, we would be looking in these particular areas that are of strategic importance to us for acquisitions. And lastly, we are giving cash back to the shareholders. So you should not attribute any change in terms of what we're doing.
Ajay Banga - President & Chief Executive Officer: As far as the future is concerned, I hate to tell you that you should think about this dilution versus that dilution. At the end of the day, when I came here six years ago, we started this work around that time. And it happened that for the first three or four years, we only found a couple of deals that fitted into what we were trying to do. And at that time what we were trying to do was what led to DataCash and Access Prepaid. Why was that? DataCash was like the e-commerce gateway. Remember, e-commerce six years ago was the thing that everybody was talking about growing into. We wanted to make sure we had the right connectivity with acquirers and merchants by building that in. We had our own gateway in Asia. We folded this with that, added the TNS gateway, and now we've got a pretty decent sized global gateway business. It has strengths and weaknesses. It's not strong enough in the U.S. It's stronger in Europe and Asia. We're trying to build it out. All that's going on. Access Prepaid was because we were the minority players in prepaid, and we wanted to grow in prepaid. We saw it as a growth opportunity. One of the things we saw in there was if you owned a prepaid program manager, it connected valuable prepaid business and allowed you to grow your footprint. And lo and behold, five years later we have done very well in prepaid. We are one of the leading brands, if not the leading brand, by the end of this year in prepaid, and that's been helped partly by Access Prepaid. As we moved along and we became clearer about where the future revenue streams would come from for continued growth, that's when we said let's focus on these bundled services, loyalty, safety, security, processing to see the data, connected to advisors and analytics. And as we built our confidence, we have kept looking at the deals. We looked at a ton of deals and chucked them out the door because they didn't fit one of those three criteria that Martina talked about, cultural fit, connectivity to our existing products and services, financial sense. But then along came timing-wise a bunch of deals that just enabled us to do this a lot last year. Now it's been five months this year, we've done APT basically and one of the smaller ones, but it just depends on the year. So I'd be loath to give you a forward-looking idea about what this could look like. I just don't think I could predict that to you. But you should know that we will be acquisitive if it fits those three ideas and if we feel we can absorb it, and that's what we're trying to do.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Smitti from Morgan Stanley.
Smittipon Srethapramote - Morgan Stanley: Yes, hi. Good morning, Ajay. Good morning, Martina. My question for you guys, I just was wondering if you guys could give us an update on your views on the legal and regulatory risks in Europe and in the U.S. Earlier this month there was some news out from the EU. And then over the past week there was some news out that the merchant litigation agreement in the U.S. could be facing some issues, too.
Ajay Banga - President & Chief Executive Officer: Look, the news item on the merchant litigation in the U.S., we've been aware of the article, we are aware of the underlying issues. If those allegations are true, clearly these lawyers have displayed conduct that's pretty disappointing. But to be clear, they were not the principals only involved in that whole settlement. There were lots of regulatory people involved. There was great close involvement by the judge at that time. I don't think that the behavior of two lawyers disrupts all that. But you know what, the court is going to decide that. We're pretty confident the settlement will stand. We'll see how it goes. But we've been aware of this for a little while now. The European part of it, there are two or three things, too. One of is the actual announcement of the rules that are going into place, and you know that those are happening. The 20/30 will happen. The functional versus legal separation of scheme and processing will happen. The co-badging will happen, and we're working with all that and we feel that we've got a good handle on all of those. The statement of objections, this covers two issues, and we were aware of this for a while. We've been engaged in a dialogue with the commission, and we remain so in an effort to seek a constructive resolution. So the first issue they are tackling is the idea of interregional transactions and the interchange rates that are charged on inbound consumer cross-border transactions in an EEA from outside cards coming in. Now, in our total numbers, that's less than 1% of our total volume. But it's an important issue, and Visa Inc. received a similar statement of objections from the EC, I don't know, three or four years ago, three years ago, and it's still sitting out there. So I don't even know how long this will take to come through to any sensible resolution, but it's a discussion that's happening; that should ECB be getting involved with the interchange rates that a Singaporean, Indian, Australian, American bank makes when a consumer from there transacts in the EU with very different ticket sizes and implications than an European consumer transacting in the EU. So we'll see where that goes. That is the work that's going on there. There's a second aspect of the statement of objections from the EC, and that has to do with cross-border rather central acquiring rules for the European merchants. And that's what I'm going to be talking to them about because – how will that be constructive? For example, if you were to allow that to happen, would all acquirers move to one low-cost location and from there trend price down to a lower level, what would that mean for the banks and for the acquirers in other European countries? And so I don't know where it's going to go. In the actual putting out of the rules, a couple of these proposals got dropped because different European countries found them less than palatable. So we'll see. It's early days. We'll see. But we have in our disclosure, as Martina is about to tell you, because I can see she's dying to say something, so I'm going to point it to Martina.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: You've seen maybe numbers out there because in the SO you are seeing that the EC could be assessing fines associated with the SO, and it's far too early for us to be able to speculate on any numbers because there are many different ways that you can actually calculate them. And quite frankly, if we were to reach a settlement with the EC, we would not be expecting any fine to be imposed. But there's really a third leg to the litigation in Europe, which I mentioned just in my prepared remarks, which is related to the UK merchant litigation. And as you can see, we have been settling with Tesco, which is the largest merchant claimant in this litigation. We have been settling with them. We are pleased that that is behind us and so I think we are on our way addressing those issues there, too.
Ajay Banga - President & Chief Executive Officer: Europe is an interesting marketplace for us, but it's got really interesting complications in the way it's constructed. You know that. That's how we've been navigating there for years. And as a company, we have a degree of experience and expertise on the ground in Europe.
Smittipon Srethapramote - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Maurer from Autonomous.
Craig J. Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP: Hi. Good morning. You spent a lot of time in your opening remarks talking about your Gateway globally. Visa made some very strong comments about the sustainability of PayPal's data disintermediation model and then backed it up with an investment in Stripe yesterday. So I was wondering if you could comment similarly on how you view the long-term longevity of data disintermediation.
Ajay Banga - President & Chief Executive Officer: Craig, there's a bunch of people that are playing in this space. Gateways are just one way to get some access to the transaction. PayPal is much more than a gateway. And Stripe is a different – they're different. People use gateway very loosely. So in that whole space of digital transactions, whether they be through m-commerce or e-commerce channel or in-app or browser-based or whether they be through physical contactless, there are going to be a lot of players playing in this space to connect to the merchant, to connect to the acquirer and to connect to the issuer and the digital vehicle that they use. We're just keen to be a regular player playing with all of them. We've had a view through many earnings calls and investor meetings. But we're not going to pick winners and losers in this because this thing is evolving at a rate that's very fast and people who looked like winners three years, four years ago are no longer relevant players there. So rather than placing bets, we're being relatively agnostic in all these spaces, whether it be – you remember a little while back the conversation was secure element versus HCE. And we said we're not going to pick, we're going to do both, and that's what we're doing. It's the same with all of these things. So my view generally is there's going to be a ton of players playing there. We are actively involved with Stripe with many different aspects of what they do. We will be doing other things with them. You don't have to invest with them to be able to do good commercial deals with them, although it may make strategic sense sometimes to invest. And so I don't rule out any of these. I just have a view: keep yourself open, play with all of them, find your company's best interests there and remain relevant in the value chain. That's what we're trying to do. PayPal is a client of ours as well, not just – as you've heard from many others, more than half of their float comes from the use of traditional cards of all our networks. But in addition, their corporate cards, some of their small business cards is all with us as well. So I do see the fact that they do with ACH get around the networks and in a way around the issuer's compensation in that sense. That part I don't like. If you remember, that's why we put out the digital wallet operator rules which, by the way, the other networks have yet not clarified on. And so we put that out for a reason, because we wanted the rules to be clear. And the rules have got to be that the brand of the issuer, the brand of the network has to flow right through. I believe they prefer a transaction that's not staged, but it's flowed through. That's what Apple has done; that's what a lot of the other digital giants are doing. PayPal does it differently. Yet PayPal is a client as well. And I think the digital world is a complicated one where you've got to find your way to thread your needle through it. That's what we're trying to do.
Craig J. Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP: Is the two-stage wallet fee still in place?
Ajay Banga - President & Chief Executive Officer: I'm sorry, is the...
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: The two-stage wallet. Yes, it is.
Craig J. Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP: Okay.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Okay. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Togut from Evercore.
David Togut - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Good morning. Ajay, could you update us on the SEPA debit processing pipeline?
Ajay Banga - President & Chief Executive Officer: It's the same as usual, meaning it moves at the glacial pace that I'm used to in Europe. We're growing our SEPA transactions in the mid-teens. It's been like that, I would say, for a few quarters now. We are seeing SEPA transactions – SEPA-based transactions, I don't want to call it SEPA transactions, we are seeing domestic transactions in a number of the European countries, actually in almost all of them. Growing in Germany, growing in Belgium. The ramp up in Netherlands was announced some time ago. We're seeing some more transactions in France and Spain and in Portugal and Italy. All that's going on. Nothing new on that phase.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: And in fact, David, when you really read the European legislation, that actually provides an opportunity for us to be expanding in SEPA processing more. Given what the merchants are looking at at this point in time, they will probably be accepting electronic payments more than they did. Remember in Europe, many, many merchants, especially the small merchants, are not accepting that. They have a way of telling the industry in terms of where they want to route the transactions. And we believe that our processing business in Europe is very strong to be able to continue to take advantage of it. But as Ajay said, this is not a revolutionary change ever. It's an evolutionary change and will help us over a long term to be increasing our business in Europe.
Ajay Banga - President & Chief Executive Officer: I think we've gone from what used to be high 20% of processed transactions several years ago to just under 40%. So that gives you a sense of how much time it took us to get from point A to point B.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: This was from the beginning of 2008 until now. So about a six-year period.
Ajay Banga - President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay?
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Next question, please?
David Togut - Evercore ISI: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Brendler from Stifel.
Christopher C. Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Thanks and good morning. Can we talk a little bit about pricing? I think you mentioned a benefit in the prepared remarks. I didn't know if you could quantify it. It sounds like it's less than 100 basis points since it wasn't quantified. And just going forward, we're seeing some degradation in the processed transactions, fees per transaction processed and domestic assessments. Is there a currency impact there, or do you continue to expect some degradation there? Any plans for any pricing would be helpful. Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Okay. So first of all, Chris, on pricing, this quarter we had really a very, very small impact on pricing, similar to last quarter. Very, very small. And you should not expect for this year a lot of pricing to be coming through on a net basis. In terms of what's going on transaction processing fee, there are two factors in there. One is mix in terms of where it comes from and in which region the fees are actually generated. And, yes, you're right, local currency is impacting that, too.
Christopher C. Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache from Nomura.
William Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Can you talk about whether you anticipate any kind of impact from the changes to AmEx's anti-steering provisions?
Ajay Banga - President & Chief Executive Officer: I haven't seen anything yet. It's very early days. And clearly there's got to be some impact in terms of how merchants perceive it, but very early. I don't know yet.
William Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of comes from the line of James Schneider from Goldman Sachs.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Understanding it's still very early in the process with China, can you give us any sense at this point about the restrictions you might expect to be placed upon you in terms of limitations on regional operating or other market share restrictions that might prevent you from getting to full unencumbered market share potential in China over time? And if you don't have any sense on that, when do you think you might get more clarity?
Ajay Banga - President & Chief Executive Officer: So to tell you to expect that you will not have restrictions and encumbrances would be to expect the wrong thing out of the way China tends to open up its businesses. Based on many years of working with China, including my years in my previous job in Asia, they have always done this in a very measured, thoughtful way that allows local industry to both benefit from the influx of foreign money and technology, but also to actually protect itself in a way from that influx. And it's been done very carefully over the years. I see no reason why they wouldn't be as thoughtful in this, which is a very important industry to them. So we will have restrictions. We will have encumbrances. Already in the preliminary guidelines they've issued, which I referred to when I was speaking in (56:45) more by the end of the year, they've got ideas around what qualifies for domestic processing and what kind of data can and cannot leave their shores and how you would operate for clearing, authorizing and settlement. And they've got ideas, but they're still at a stage where I don't know the detail of them. And finally in all of these, the devil is in the details. We, because of our distributed operating structure a little different from other networks, may qualify for some aspects of our technology to be seen as more local than some of the others, but I don't know yet. It's all work in progress. But rest assured, there will be encumbrances and there will be some restrictions. But it's an interesting marketplace still. It will be a marketplace that will evolve over a few years. Not only is it a question of getting processing set up on the ground in China, which we hope to be able to do by the end of next year for sure, technically, but it's more than that. It's what kind of acceptance do you have outside of what used to be the high traffic tourist destinations in the big cities, which is where traditional foreign network acceptance was housed. How do you get more issuers to be issuing these cards over the next period of time? So there's going to be a lot of work on issuing, on acceptance in addition to the processing. And part of what Martina talked about when she said we're going to start spending money this year is we see a two, three-year pattern of investing there. All we're trying to do is to start getting ahead of that curve and start putting ourselves in a better position. So over the course of three, four, five years, we feel good about where we are in China. We feel good today. Today, as I said last time in my call, about half of the cards issued, they are with us, but half are with our largest competitor. It wasn't that way five years ago. We've got a decent position. But you know what? Compared to China UnionPay's own branded card, we're all tiny and there's a huge opportunity in that system over a few years to come.
James Schneider - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Operator, I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: Certainly. Your last question comes from the line of Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for fitting me in. Martina, maybe you could just talk a little bit about expenses and operating margin. I think non-GAAP operating margin was 54.9%. I guess I'm curious to know if that was in line with your expectations. I know the Street was look for something higher, and I know before you've talked a little bit about some of the mis-modeling by the Street. So maybe can just address that. Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Actually, operating margins were completely in line with expectations that we had internally, in fact, a little bit better because we were able to reap more savings from our restructuring that we had started earlier this year than anticipated. And also, the M&A activity that is on the OpEx line was actually right on with our expectations.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Okay, I think that's it for Q&A. Ajay, do you have some closing comments?
Ajay Banga - President & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. So thank you all for those questions, and I'm going to leave you with a couple of quick closing thoughts. I guess the business continues to perform well in what we find to be a challenging global economy. The U.S. and Europe, as I said, seem to be improving. Asia and Latin America have a few market issues. We are going ahead and executing on strategy. We are investing in new technology. We're investing in other services both organically and through acquisitions, and we did have a couple of questions around that in the last half an hour. We are clearly seeing the benefits of these acquisitions in our business engagements. We continue to expect to have increasing opportunities to bundle that capability with our existing products and services. And as Martina mentioned, we're managing our organic expense growth to fund those integrations. I hope many of you will come along to attend our Investor Day in September in New York, if nothing else, to get a selfie and check that your transaction goes through. But you will also have the chance to hear more about strategic focus areas and hopefully experience some of these innovative products and services, a couple of which got mentioned on today's call. Mostly, we appreciate your continued support of our company and all of us and thank you so much for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive Ajay Banga - President and Chief Executive Officer Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: James E. Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Craig Jared Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Smittipon Srethapramote - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jason A. Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc. Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Bob P. Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
Operator: Welcome to the MasterCard first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. My name is Keith, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. Ms. Gasper, you may begin.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Thank you, Keith. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us for a discussion about our first quarter 2015 financial results. With me on the call this morning are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask a question. Even if you think you have already dialed into the queue, you will need to register again following our prepared comments. This morning's earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, MasterCard.com. These comments have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one month. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today's call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release as well as contained in our recent SEC filings. With that, I will now turn the call over to Ajay.
Ajay Banga - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Barbara. Good morning, everybody. In the first quarter, we had reported net revenue growth of 3%, and that's 8% after adjusting for currency. And that, combined with a decrease in operating expenses of 1%, or an increase of 3% on an FX adjusted basis is what helped us drive EPS growth of 22%. And that number is 29% when adjusted for currency. So as we expected, and I guess no different from other large global companies, FX is having a noticeable impact on our results and especially as the Euro and Real both have depreciated about 18% against the U.S. Dollar versus this time last year. That is last year's first quarter. However, our EPS growth continues to be strong, both on an as reported and an FX adjusted basis. So as usual, let's begin with a look at some of the current underlying global economic trends, and let's start with the United States. Our SpendingPulse data showed that U.S. retail sales growth ex-auto was 1.1% in the first quarter. And that's down from the fourth quarter growth rate of 2.9%, and that deceleration continues basically to be due to lower gas prices. If you were to exclude auto and gas, retail sales growth was 5.1% for the first quarter versus 4.1% for the fourth quarter, and that shows a healthier growth rate. So what I think is happening is that consumers are only using a small portion of their savings from gas to buy new goods and services. Rather, what they are doing is using those savings from gas to increase their personal savings rate which looks like it's climbed to the highest level since December 2012. And they're also probably using it to pay down some debt and therefore, any additional consumer spend has not been enough to make up for the lower gas spending. However, underlying economic indicators have remained steady. Unemployment levels are stable. Consumer sentiment is tracking upwards. So when you look at our U.S. business, lower gas prices had an impact of about two percentage points on our U.S. GDV growth rate, which is slightly greater than the one percentage point headwind we saw in the fourth quarter. GDV growth, excluding gas, and processed transactions, were essentially the same as last quarter. In Europe, the environment there is showing signs of improvement. And across the region, consumer confidence, economic sentiment, unemployment levels have all slightly improved over the prior quarter. Consumer confidence in the U.K. has reached a 13-year high in March. U.K. retail sales also continue to gain momentum with SpendingPulse data in the U.K. showing that first quarter retail sales growth of 3.8% is up from the 3.6% in the fourth quarter. And MasterCard's total European volume growth for the first quarter was in the mid-teens, processed transaction growth in the low 20s percent, very similar to the last quarter. Latin America continues to be challenged economically. In our first quarter SpendingPulse data for Brazil showed retail sales growth basically flat, and that's down from the almost 1% growth in the fourth quarter. As the Brazilian economy settles into some form of recession and unemployment levels are continuing to rise. Lower oil prices are also slowing Mexico's economic recovery, but there, consumer spending has held steady. And the region's annual GDP growth is now expected to be around 0.8%, and that's down slightly from the earlier projections of 1%. But despite those challenges, our business in the region remains solid. First quarter GDV and processed transaction growth is in the mid-teens, which is the same as last quarter. In Asia Pacific, business sentiment kind of held steady in the first quarter, led by the continued optimism of Indian companies about economic reforms but weighed down by the Chinese economic slowdown. Consumer confidence across the region is still high despite some recent declines, and our business in the region is continuing to do well: GDV growth in the mid-teens the same as last quarter, processed transaction growth in the low 20s, down slightly from the last quarter. So overall, when we put this all together, economic environments in the U.S. and Europe are showing signs of improvement but challenges still remain in some areas of Latin America and the Asia Pacific region. Our business continues to be impacted by the strong U.S. dollar, but the underlying fundamentals of our business remain strong, and we run the business for those underlying fundamentals. And that's what's going to help us navigate through these economic and dollar challenges. So before we go to our business highlights, let me quickly update you on the European regulatory matters on Russia and on China. So I'll start with the European registration related to card payments. The European Parliament and the Council of Ministers have signed the final text. We expect official publication of the legislation in the next couple of weeks. Interchange caps will become effective six months later, so sometime towards the end of this year. And all other parts of the legislation will apply starting 12 months after the effective date, so we're talking mid-2016 for that. In Russia, we've actually successfully migrated our local card transactions to the new domestic NSPK platform by the April 1 deadline, and we were the first network to do so. We met the requirements of the Russian legislation. We've had no service disruption to card holders and we're now switching domestic transactions through NSPK, but we're continuing to provide all of the value added services to our customers through our direct capabilities. In terms of the financial impact to our business, no change in our previous estimate of something less than $50 million on an annualized basis of additional costs. And last week, as you all read, China announced that international payment companies like MasterCard will be allowed to establish domestic switching operations in China. Obviously and clearly a large opportunity for us over the next long-term decade or whichever way you look at it, it's a great opportunity. It's a large marketplace, and we are keen to play there, and we are encouraged by the announcement. We want to switch domestic transactions in China as soon as possible. We want to leverage the investments we've already made in that market. But having said that, there are a number of steps that need to be completed before we reach that point. Detailed regulations are yet to be issued. Some combination of the People's Bank of China and the China Banking Regulatory Commission will put out those detailed regulations over the next period of time. It's unclear to me exactly when those will get published. We will need to then submit a license application. Clearly we're already preparing that, so we can go with that as soon as the regulations are issued. Then we'll need to work with the government, get that application approved, satisfy the detailed requirements of the regulations. So, we don't really know how long that process will take for sure. But we do know some of the requirements already today. So there is, for example, a capital commitment required to the tune of roughly $160 million. We also know we'll need to provide some form of on soil switching. And as you know, we have distributed network processors. But in addition to those, we have been investing on soil in China over the last period of time. We will need to assess the extent to which those existing investments already satisfy what regulations need and do whatever else is required to meet their needs. And then we will be in the right place to be able to be fully capable of taking advantage of these new domestic switching regulations. So all that said, the full requirements will only become clear when these detailed regulations are issued. I kind of think that we should expect to be in a position to switch in China sometime towards the end of 2016 and obviously, if it moves more quickly, that's great for us. But in the meantime, there's a lot of people in the company working very hard to get ready for this opportunity to take advantage of it as soon as we possibly can. So recent business activity. During the quarter, we signed a number of new agreements and renewals supporting the expansion of our business around the world, and let me give you a few examples. The first, we enhanced our global partnership with Citi. Citi, as you know, is the world's largest credit card issuer. We've now got a new and expanded ten-year agreement to move all their proprietary consumer credit and debit card portfolios to MasterCard. In Brazil, we signed a new 20-year agreement with Itaú, and that further strengthens our long-term strategic relationship with the institution that is today our largest customer in the Latin American region. And this agreement increases our share of Itaú's credit, debit and prepaid portfolios. It gives us exclusive rights to switch all of their domestic and international transactions, allows us to create a new payment network in Brazil jointly with Itaú and us. Of course that's subject, the last part, is subject to getting regulatory approvals. But overall, we are very pleased with this opportunity to be a stronger partner of both Citibank's and Itaú's. And meanwhile, we signed new agreements with Barclaycard in the U.K. We're converting a significant part of their commercial card business to MasterCard. In Ireland, we signed with the Bank of Ireland to convert their commercial and consumer credit portfolios to MasterCard. I think these deals should help us substantially increase our share in the commercial credit market in the U.K. and our overall credit share in Ireland. In New Zealand, Westpac and Air New Zealand are going to convert their Airpoints reward credit and commercial programs to MasterCard branded cards, so developments in different parts of the world. Meanwhile, we're continuing with all of our innovation efforts across the digital space. Starting with MasterPass, last quarter, I mentioned our MasterPass platform was live in 16 countries around the world. And I'm very pleased to share that we've since added Korea to the list of live markets as well as more than doubled our global merchant acceptance of MasterPass to nearly a quarter of a million merchants. And there are more in the pipeline. It's like one of those ads you hear on TV that says, wait, there's more to come. So some specific examples of our progress include we announced a three-year strategic partnership and relationship with McDonald's in the UAE and across 14 key markets in Middle East, Africa and Europe. And what we're doing with them is introducing contactless payments in their restaurants and enabling MasterPass for online ordering. Another area where MasterPass is gaining momentum is transit. We just recently announced a global partnership with Cubic Transportation Systems. They're a leading provider for smart city transit solutions in London and Chicago and other such cities. As part of that agreement, MasterPass will be integrated with Cubic's NextWave ticketing and journey planning app, which really means we'll have to accelerate conversion of cash payments in transit into these digital payments. So quick service restaurants, the McDonald's example; transit systems, the Cubic example, gives us two of what we are doing to extend our reach in cash strongholds. A couple other examples are all with mobile point of sale, remember that mobile is not just about allowing consumers to make payments with their phones. It actually, an even more interesting option is to involve expanding acceptance to merchants who previously had no ability to take electronic payments through standard POS terminals. We've had a number of those mobile point of sale rollouts this quarter. In Nigeria, we partnered with First Bank of Nigeria and with Guaranty Trust Bank. We've got MPOS devices to micro, small and medium businesses to accept card transactions for the first time. In Hungary, we partnered with the insurance company Allianz to provide their sales agents with an MPOS device that accepts mag stripe, chip and contactless cards. So basically their clients don't need to make cash payments at a post office or through a bank transfer. They can use their card and the MPOS device that's with the insurance agent. So continuing on the mobile front, we've all watched the launch of Apple Pay with great interest. And as you know, they were the first digital giant to enter that space. And as you now know, their new Apple Watch has Apple Pay capabilities built into it. But in March, we also announced that we're working with Samsung to enable Samsung Pay, which will soon launch in the United States. You've probably heard us talk about the fact that we are technology agnostic when it comes to mobile and digital payments, and we are determined to support implementations based on different market models. One of the first implementations of the cloud-based mobile solution is the Commonwealth Bank of Australia, who just recently launched their Tap & Pay mobile payment solution across Android devices. Another example of a different mobile model is our recently announced agreement with the Egyptian government where we will extend financial services to more than 54 million Egyptians by providing the platform that links their national ID with the first national mobile wallet. And clearly the program has a financial inclusion aspect, but it's much broader because it provides every Egyptian citizen with the tools to electronically receive government payments and a companion card to be used in purchases, bill payments, domestic remittances. And finally, a word about our recent announcement about the intention to acquire Applied Predictive Technologies. APT is a leading cloud-based analytics company. Their platform basically enables companies across a number of industries to use their own data to accurately measure the profit impact of marketing, of merchandizing, of operations, of capital initiatives. And last quarter we talked about the acquisition of 5one, a retail consulting and analytics firm. And by adding APT's capabilities with 5one's, what we're trying to do is advance our ability to deliver differentiated products to merchants. Our analytic and consulting capabilities in our own shop, along with our global footprint, will allow for the expansion of APT's platform and of course 5one's. And that's a win-win for both of us. So we expect to complete this APT acquisition sometime over the second quarter. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Martina for an update on our financial results and operating metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin on page three of our slide deck, where you can see the difference between as reported and FX adjusted growth rates for this quarter. Although the Brazilian Real had some impact, the differential was primarily driven by the Euro U.S. Dollar exchange rate. So here you can see EPS growth continues to be strong at 22% on an as reported basis and 29% after adjusting for currency. Continued revenue momentum, good cost control and executing on our tax strategies and the current share repurchase program all contributed to that performance. I'd like to point out a few items here, and then I'll talk about the major P&L line items in the subsequent slides. So first of all, acquisitions that we made in 2014 drove $0.02 of dilution. Second, you can see the tax rate was favorable at 23.9% in the quarter, primarily due to our continued focus on initiatives to better align our tax structure with our business footprint, as well as a discrete item that resulted in our ability to claim foreign tax credits in the U.S. this quarter. Third, share repurchases contributed $0.03 per share. During the first quarter, we repurchased 11 million shares at a cost of about $947 million. And through April 22nd, we repurchased an additional 2.7 million shares at a cost of approximately $240 million. And we now have 2.8 billion remaining under the current authorization. Lastly, cash flow from operations was a little over $911 million. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and other liquid investments of about $5.9 billion. So let me turn to page 4. Here you can see, as usual, our operational metrics for the first quarter. Our worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV, was up 12% on a local currency basis, down slightly from last quarter. Overall, our U.S. GDV grew 7%, made up of credit and debit growth of 5% and 8% respectively. Total U.S. GDV was about 1% down from last quarter, primarily due to the increased headwinds from lower gas prices. Said differently, this means that gas added two PPT impact in the first quarter of 2015 versus a one PPT impact in the fourth quarter of 2014. Outside of the U.S., volume growth was 15% on a local currency basis, about the same as last quarter, and primarily driven by Turkey, Sweden and Canada. Cross-border volume, you can see, grew 19% on a local currency basis, and that is the same of what we saw in the fourth quarter, which continues to be primarily driven by Europe. Growth in Europe was in the low 20's, with the U.K., Germany, Italy and Sweden as key contributors to the growth. On page five, you see processed transactions grew 12% globally to 11 billion, and we continued to see double-digit growth in most regions. Growth increased from the 11% that we saw in the fourth quarter primarily due to Europe, and it was again driven by Sweden, Russia, Poland and Netherlands, similar to last quarter. Globally, the number of cards grew 8% with 2.2 billion MasterCard or Maestro branded cards. And now turning to page six for highlights on a few of the revenue line items. Net revenue growth was 3% as reported or 8% when you adjust for currency. This differential is due to the currency headwinds primarily from the Euro U.S. Dollar exchange rate. Additionally, the impact of local currency exchange rates was about 2 PPT headwind. Acquisitions also contributed a little more than 2 PPT to the net revenue growth. And after you exclude the impact of both local and functional currencies as well as the impact of acquisitions, we saw underlying net revenue growth of 8%. This reflects the underlying volume performance we expected as well as a higher level of rebates and incentives that I talked about on our last earnings call. Specifically, rebates and incentives grew 25%, in line with our expectations, primarily driven by the front-loaded impact over the life of the contract from certain customer renewals, which Ajay mentioned in his comments. Now let me look quickly at the other individual revenue line items on an FX adjusted basis. Domestic assessments grew 8%, while worldwide GDV grew 12%. This 4 PPT gap is primarily due to the impact of local currency somewhat offset by pricing. Cross-border volume fees grew 9%, while cross-border volume grew 19%. Of the 10 PPT gap, the majority is due to a higher mix of intra-Europe activity as well as some local currency impact. Transaction processing fees grew 13%, primarily driven by the 12% growth in processed transactions. And finally, other revenues grew 29%, which continues to be driven largely by contributions from our Pinpoint acquisition as well as our Advisors business. Moving on to page seven, you can see that total operating expenses decreased 1% in the quarter, but increased 3% on an FX adjusted basis. Overall, M&A activities contributed 9 PPT to total expense growth. But let me spend a minute on G&A, which grew only 1% year-over-year and explain how that happened. First, we continue to organically invest in our strategic initiatives while managing our expenses very carefully. As a result, the underlying level of G&A expense grew 2 PPT this quarter. Second, acquisitions added 10 PPT to this growth quarter, this is in the G&A line, as we made a number of acquisitions in the second half of last year which haven't yet lapped into our base run rate. However, these factors were offset by two FX related gains that were $69 million higher than last year or 11 PPT, and thus lowered overall G&A expense growth to 1%. The first was FX gains related to our normal hedging activities, mainly due to the appreciating U.S. Dollar. And the second was a balance sheet remeasurement gain primarily related to the devaluation of the Venezuelan Bolivar. With that, let me turn to slide eight, and let's discuss what we have seen in April through the 21st. Most of our business drivers are similar to what we experienced in the first quarter. The numbers through April 21st are as follows. Starting with processed volumes, we saw global growth of 10%, similar to the first quarter. In the U.S., our processed volume grew 4%, the same as what we saw last quarter, including roughly a 2 PPT impact from lower gas prices. Processed volume outside the U.S. grew 16%, about 1 PPT lower than the first quarter, with growth of mid to high teens in each region. And globally, processed transaction growth was 12%, and that's similar to what we saw in the first quarter, with double-digit growth in all regions except the U.S., which grew in the mid-single digits. And with respect to cross-border, our volumes grew at 17% globally, down 2 PPT from our first quarter growth. While the U.S. saw somewhat higher growth in April, most other regions saw a deceleration. Looking ahead, let me start with some commentary about full year 2015. Given the continued strength of the U.S. Dollar impacting many U.S. multinationals, including us, I am going to start by summarizing our thoughts about FX. And, remember, currency impacts us in two ways. First, since the beginning of the year, the significant depreciation of the Euro and the Real, the Brazilian Real versus the U.S. Dollar, has increased the impact of the functional FX translation since my January commentary. If the rates for our functional currencies remain similar to where they are today, that is the Euro trading at the 1.09 level, and the Brazilian Real at the 2.94 level for the rest of the year, the net impact of the Euro and Real would be a 6 PPT to 8 PPT headwind, mostly from the Euro, actually, to our as reported results for the full year. And it's depending on what line item we are talking about, so revenue, net income or EPS. Second, we have the impact of local currency rates relatively to the functional currencies, and we continue to expect some net headwind throughout the year, both to revenue and the bottom line. And based on the current rates, this is still likely to be in the 2 PPT range, similar to our estimate in late January. The impact of this is already included in our FX adjusted guidance. At current FX rates, both of these impacts will provide a headwind of about $700 million to net revenue and about $300 million to net income for full year 2015. So with that as a backdrop, let me get into some specific P&L line items. Our underlying business remains strong; however, some components of our 2015 outlook have changed due to the impact of FX, as I just talked about, and our latest acquisition, Applied Predictive Technologies or APT. On an FX adjusted basis, we continue to expect high-single digit net revenue growth for 2015, including roughly 2 PPT from our M&A transactions. And we're seeing good traction from many of our recent portfolio wins and new product initiatives. However, revenue growth will be impacted by some items specific to 2015, which we highlighted back in January. The first, as we have already seen in the first quarter, a couple of significant contract renewals that provide the foundation for future growth come with more front-loaded incentives over the life of the contract than our typical agreements. And the next three quarters will reflect that too. Second, while the Chase conversion to a competitor is essentially now complete, we will continue to see the lapping impact over the remainder of 2015. So on an as reported basis, the net revenue growth rate will now likely be in the low-single digit range as a result of the stronger FX headwinds than we forecasted at the beginning of the year, primarily from the Euro functional translation. And based on the current FX rates, this would be about a 6 PPT impact. Moving to rebates and incentives, let me address some questions we've been getting about what we mean by front-loaded incentives. This is a reference to incurring more incentives in the earlier years of a contract. Also, with the recent deal signings, we now expect full year 2015 rebates and incentives growth to be similar to what we saw in Q1 with a somewhat higher growth rate in the second quarter. Overall, we now project the growth rate for total operating expenses for full year 2015 to be in the mid-single digits on an FX adjusted basis. And this continues to be predominantly due to the roughly 7 PPT impact from our announced M&A activities with more of that impact occurring in the first half of the year. However, as reported, expense growth will now likely be in the low-single digit range after considering a roughly 4 PPT tailwind from the Euro and the Real translation. Let me give you an update on potential dilution from M&A activities. With the expected addition of APT by the end of the second quarter, we now project total EPS dilution will be about $0.11 to $0.13 for full year 2015. Less than half of the expected dilution is due to the amortization of acquired intangibles. As I said in the last quarter, you should assume a full year 2015 tax rate of about 28%. That has not changed, but it's due to the continued benefits we expect from the tax initiatives I discussed in our January earnings call. And given all of the detail I just went through, let me just step back and summarize a bit here. We continue to expect solid fundamentals to drive our underlying business in 2015, and that's despite the mixed economic environment as well as the more significant headwinds from FX than we expected back in January. As you can see, we continue to sign customer contracts, and we continue to invest in the right strategic areas while managing our expenses prudently. Finally, let me move on to our long-term performance objectives in 2013 to 2015 for that period, which remain unchanged from what I said on our year-end earnings call back in late January. Given our expectations for 2015 revenue growth, we expect to deliver at our low end of the 11% to 14% net revenue CAGR range. We continue to expect at least 20% EPS CAGR for the three-year period due to continued expense management as well as benefits from our lower tax rate and share repurchases. And we remain committed to our annual operating margin target of at least 50%. Just remember, these objectives are on a constant currency basis, and they do exclude our 2014 M&A activities as well as any new ones that might occur this year. As far as rolling our performance objectives forward, again, nothing different from what I said in January. The overall growth prospects for the payments industries has not changed. The underlying drivers of our business remain solid, and we are expanding our reach in areas that we're strategically targeting, such as processing, loyalty, information services, and all things digital. We will provide you with our new long-term objectives before the end of this year, most likely at our Investor Day in September. Now let me turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session. Barbara?
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Thanks, Martina. We're now ready to begin the question-and-answer period. In order to get to as many people as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and then queue back in for anything additional. Keith?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operation Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of James Friedman from Susquehanna. Your line is open.
James E. Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hi. Thanks. I wanted to ask Ajay about the APT acquisition. I just did that three-minute summary on their website. It's very helpful. I was wondering how you'll sell it. Is that going to be sold through MasterCard Consulting? Or will that be embraced by your bank partners for resale into the channel?
Ajay Banga - President and Chief Executive Officer: It depends on which kind of product you're referring to. APT has products that go to merchants, they go to banks, they go to consumer product companies, depending on what kind of need for analytical capability that company has. A large part of their current client base is merchants, in which case they have their two methods of getting out there. One is their own sales force which essentially reaches merchants and embeds the analytical capability like a software as a service provider, a SaaS provider, on the computer screens of individuals in the merchant management system. And the other way, of course, will be through our own sales force in our Advisors and information services business, where we believe we can add value to what they're doing. So the idea is to use both sales forces but to embed the capability in the client's end use system by embedding the software as a service approach to the business. That's what APT does. It's a little different from the way we do our current data stuff, which tends to be more bespoke, engagement by engagement. And that's the difference in the two models. And I think there's space for both in this growing big data market.
James E. Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Maurer from Autonomous. Your line is open.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Craig? Craig? Are you there?
Craig Jared Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP: Yeah. Sorry about that. Good morning.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Good morning.
Craig Jared Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP: I had a quick question on China. When I was there and met with management there, they had indicated that network economics were similar to what MasterCard sees globally. And this was driven essentially by their hope to go public and want to be comparable. Can you confirm if that's the case, because it's a little hard to actually confirm that?
Ajay Banga - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So, I like the fact that you started by saying a quick question on China. You must be the only guy who thinks that China is answerable in quick questions, right? But, I – Craig, the fact is that the data around China and the current economics of the domestic payment system, which is what you're asking about, is opaque, because there is no public data obviously available. What I do know from all of the many trips I've been making there now for the better part of 10 to 12 years is that interchange rates on domestic transactions tend to be lower than the interchange rates that you would see on the average – on the average across the world, in both credit and debit. You need to know that credit domestically is much smaller than debit today. And, in fact, the largest use of payment cards domestically in China today is to take out cash from an ATM. And an even larger use is for the cards to remain dormant. So this is not a marketplace that is ready and spending actively on cards across all categories. It's a marketplace with a very large domestic card issuance with a fairly large dormant card base with what is used being used more for taking out cash at an ATM or a bank branch rather than a point of sale use, with lower credit use than debit. It's a typical early stage electronic payments developing market with one dynamic which is that interchange rates are lower than you would normally have expected. Network economics depend on what we are able to strike as deals with the different issuers and merchants. And I'm going to reserve my judgment on that until I get my chance to really get into those deals because right now we don't have those deals. Our deals tend to be on cross-border use of these cards, both outward and inward. And so we're going to have to wait and see how that goes. But there's no denying one, the enormous volume you can get. And if your P&L is constructed like ours where we have a relatively low variable cost per transaction, that is an attractive opportunity. There's no denying that. And you'll need to do a lot of work with issuers, you'll need to do a lot of work with merchants and acquirers to drive acceptance. There's a lot of things to be done over the next few years, but I see it as a really large and interesting opportunity for companies like ours.
Craig Jared Maurer - Autonomous Research US LP: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW. Your line is open.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. I guess I had a question on China, but Ajay just answered it. But secondly, you talked, Ajay, about the mixed economic signals you're getting. Could you just talk about how you're seeing the economy develop in the United States and abroad? Obviously it's more challenged abroad, but even in the U.S. it's been quite sluggish. Could you just provide any perspective on that? And just, I'm sorry, one question for Martina. So you're expecting 20% growth in rebates and incentives on an absolute basis for the year. I just want to clarify that. Thank you.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Let me just take that. All I said is that you can extrapolate from the growth in the first quarter, which was 25% FX adjusted for the rest of the year. The only comment that I made in addition to that, that in the second quarter you should see somewhat higher growth for rebates and incentives, and that's just as a fact of how agreements are coming to fruition and flowing into a particular quarter.
Ajay Banga - President and Chief Executive Officer: And, Sanjay, back to your question on economics, we talked a little bit about where the U.S. is, and I feel like consumers are optimistic because they're seeing savings from the gas price, after all, gas prices are down substantially and if you did an average individual households math, you probably are pulling between $8 billion and $10 billion out from the spending on gas, which could be available to go into other avenues. So they're optimistic, because they feel that money in their pocket. What they're doing with it is they're paying down some debt, which you can see in the numbers on consumer debt across the country, both in revolving debt but also in personal unsecured loans, and also, to an extent, in mortgages. And then you can see that some of the money is clearly being used to bump up personal savings rates. And personal savings rates were, I think, in March as high as 5.8%. They've gone down to 2% six, seven months ago. As you remember, just after the crisis, they were at 6% and 7%. So I don't know that 5.8% is a bad thing for the country long term by the way, probably a good thing, but I think what's going on here is that not all the money is coming out into goods and services spending. So with a company like us, because we don't really get any benefit out of a higher spending rate directly, we don't get any benefit out of a higher savings rate, I'm sorry, directly, we also don't get any real benefit out of a lower pay down of debt, we don't get any saved benefit. We get benefit when they spend. And overall spending is not growing in the form that you would see it once you added gas back in. That's what we're seeing. Now, there's an extra nugget into this which is that luxury goods sales, and you can see it in the results on a number of the luxury goods retailers, Coach recently, others like that, their sales are not growing the way they were six, eight months ago. And most of that, I think, is caused by the fact that inbound tourists' arrivals into the U.S. and their spending patterns, given the relative strength of the Dollar to the Euro, the Japanese Yen, the Brazilian Real, the people who are spending, of course, the Russians aren't coming in as much as they were some time ago, all of that is impacting luxury goods spending, which also, by the way feeds into the total retail spend number. So that's a little extra digging, probably more than you wanted, but that's what's going on. Now, I don't see this as a long-term issue, actually, not even a medium-term issue. I think you'll see tourism probably improving over the next few months. I think you'll see Americans travelling out in the summer. I think you'll see others coming in. And I think we're going to look at a somewhat different pattern of consumer spending over the next three to six months just because underlying consumer sentiment is positive. So that's how I feel about it.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thank you.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Smitti from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Smittipon Srethapramote - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you. I just want to follow up on the topic of tokenization. Can you share with us what you're hearing from your various partners about the tokenization service rate card that you guys published last year? And with the increased usage of tokenization, many merchants have also been sort of talking about trying to create, trying to drive the creation of a new interchange category. I just wanted to get your thoughts on that also.
Ajay Banga - President and Chief Executive Officer: So the first one, I mean, the rate card, frankly, there's no discussion right now, because as we've all done, including our competitors, we've all said there is no implementation of that rate card until 2016, at least, in January. That's kind of what we've all said. The idea right now is to ensure tokenization gets adopted in the market. And remember, even if we do something in January with the tokenization rates, right now tokenization is only going in for transactions over the phone, over mobile phone kind of transactions. And as you know from your own research and details on this, that's still a small part of total expenditure and transactions in the United States. So I just would like to put that genie into its bottle in where it belongs. It's very important. It's very critical for securitizing, or for securing digital transactions, no doubt. It's got an implementation time line which is going to take some time for it to become more ubiquitous than just the phone-based transactions today. That's the context I'd like to put it in. We are very committed it to. We're investing a very large sum of money in ensuring our capabilities in it. We are investing money in rolling it out into other markets overseas. And different people claim different dates when they're going to reach the market. I would tell you discount all that until you see it in the market. This is not an easy thing to get done. It's not an easy thing to roll out. So we're working very hard on that. As far as the actual adoption by merchants of different, or the request by merchants to think about different interchange rates are concerned, look, at the end of the day there's card not present rates and there's card present rates. And both have been applying for a period of time. If digitization were to become ubiquitous, would there be a change in those two buckets of rates? Would there be a third? Would one move down, one move up or would there be four, five different buckets? That's just speculation right now. We are far away from a stage where tokenized transactions comprise an adequate percentage of the total to drive great changes in the marketplace, other than the excitement around finally getting a really secure system for digital transactions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Jason A. Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, guys. Can you give us a sense in terms of timing when these incremental volumes from the Citi renewal, when those will migrate to MasterCard? Will that timing vary by geography? And then can you just clarify if you're still expecting 1% pricing lift in the full year guidance?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Jason, first of all, the Citi volumes will be migrating over a number of years, okay? Every region will be a little bit different, and you will just see that coming in to our baseline over time. Secondly, in terms of the pricing, we really didn't give any pricing guidance. We said that our overall three-year guidance has a very small part of guidance – pricing assumed, so but we didn't give anything specifically for this year. And in fact, when you look at this quarter, I said there was a little bit of pricing in the domestic assessment but when you look at overall revenues it was minimally impacted by any pricing actions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Hochstim from Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Good morning. Could you just talk about G&A expense, and as you look out over the course of the year where are you still investing and where you might have growth? And then I wonder if, Martina, you could clarify again the charge for the Bolivar?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. So first of all, on G&A, as I said, on an FX adjusted basis for full year 2015 you should expect a mid-single digit kind of range. And that is predominantly driven by the 7 PPT impact from all of our announced M&A activities. So of course we are going to continue to organically invest in all of our strategic areas that are called out: the processing area, the loyalty area. You just saw that we did the acquisition in the information services area. So of course we are going to do that, but we are going to do that with a very astute and careful expense management that we have put into the company. So that's all put together. It goes – gets to that mid-single digit growth number for the year. In terms of the Venezuelan bolivar, so a couple of things on that. First of all, part of our business in Venezuela is in Bolivars, part of our business in Venezuela is in U.S. Dollars. The business that we have in Bolivars in Venezuela is done as such that we can't take the Bolivar out of the country, right? The country has currency restrictions. So what we have engaged, like many other multinationals, into natural hedging strategies that allow us, over time, to be protecting the investment that we have in this country. Part of that hedging strategy involves for us to actually take up a loan some time ago where we bought some real property in the country. And what happens when you have a devaluation of that currency, of the Bolivar, is you're actually having to devalue that monetary asset, the loan, and that results in a gain. That gain is basically buffering the impact that we will be having from that Bolivar devaluation on our revenues for the year. That's about a $40 million impact to our top line that's all included in the discussions that I had with you this morning for 2015 revenues. But that's how this works.
Ajay Banga - President and Chief Executive Officer: The thing I would add to that is on the expense thing, just to make sure you got it right. What Martina was talking about is that total operating expense for the full year 2015 will be in that mid-single digit number on an FX adjusted basis. On an as reported basis, it will be in the low single digit range. That's what she was referring to just now, David, when she was talking about the numbers to you.
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And the $40 million is for the year, not the quarter?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: That is for the year.
Ajay Banga - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay.
Ajay Banga - President and Chief Executive Officer: And that's all factored in. In fact, what we tried to do in the morning was tell you that our FX adjusted view of the year has not changed a great deal, other than we've got a new acquisition which will have what it has on our impact. But basically FX itself has changed quite dramatically from where we were in the middle, early part of January. It was already a dramatic change by then. It's moved further and that's what we were trying to lay out for you guys as you think through the next three quarters.
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): I guess maybe taking both of these items together, both your kind of investment and expenses related to the acquisitions and the rebates and incentives for these deals, could you talk a little bit about the payback period for those two things and how we can see that impact kind of revenues in future years?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. So first of all, on the M&A investments, what we are typically targeting is – so, first of all, we're looking at every M&A transaction from a discounted cash flow analysis, right? And we typically like to see a payback over a two to three-year period from a cash flow point of view. That does not necessarily mirror the accounting view simply because accounting often is done differently than what you'd see coming through in the cash. But, again, and we said that a number of times publicly, we try to hope to get to dilution impact of no more than two years. And so you should be seeing these acquisitions coming to fruition, the 2014 acquisition sometime later in 2016, as well as the 2015 acquisitions that we're doing, which APT is the big one at this point in time, you would be seeing that coming through later in 2017. So that's how we think about acquisitions. From a rebates and incentives point of view, I just have to remind you every deal is different. All right? We have a thousand of deals. Every deal is different. Every year we're writing hundreds of deals. When you look at some deals, you can get actually a relatively quick payback. It could be in the six, seven, nine-month period, but it also depends when you have cards converting or whether you have that portfolio already, and you're just making more out of that portfolio, i.e., you're encouraging more volume and transactions coming on. Some of the bigger deals might have a longer payback, because you have to do certain investments in order to encourage that portfolio to behave the way that you would like it to behave. So, Moshe, I have to tell you, it's a fairly wide range in terms of the payback calculation.
Ajay Banga - President and Chief Executive Officer: And every deal has a payback calculation, obviously, but it's not something you can generalize from easily. And I think the second part I'd add to the conversation earlier about acquisitions because I have been asked this once or twice, remember that when we talk about our guidance ex-acquisitions, by the time the second year of a deal is complete, that acquisition is in our base. It is part of what we run. So I'm not asking for a way to ex-acquisitions into infinity. It's two years for any acquisition. So Martina said something in this conversation about the 2014 acquisitions are what she's excluding from the guidance, because 2014 and 2015 are within that two-year period. The deals we did before that, Access Prepaid Worldwide, which was taken from Travelex, or DataCash, which we bought, or others of that type are all in our base. And frankly, without Access Prepaid Worldwide, I doubt we would have achieved the kind of success we've achieved on our prepaid business over the last five years, where we have gone from a small market share to one of the largest players in the business around the world today. So we get the thing back, and it's just that we try to make sure you understand that our guidance is excluding them for two years, because I don't know what deal I'm going to do when I give you the guidance for the two years. That's all I'm trying to do.
Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller from Barclays. Your line is open.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, guys. Look, I just want to start off, I mean, Martina, as I think you mentioned earlier, front-loading incentives such that you have more in earlier years. Is it fair to assume that the growth of incentives or maybe just the incentive number as a percentage of total gross revenue could actually drop in 2016 or 2017? And then just to Ajay, when looking at the pipeline, are there potential contract renewals or incremental wins that are actually large enough to also move the needle, like Citi or Itaú just did?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: All right. Darrin, let me take your first question. You know, every quarter, every year, we are signing agreements. And they're all incremental to our base. So if you were to see a drop in the rebates and incentives, quite frankly, I would be worried about it. You only see a vibrant business if we continue to add to what we need to do from a stock point of view on the deal side. And that will involve, generally, and you've seen it over the last seven years, adding to rebates and incentives. The other thing that you need to remember how we construct our deals. Our deals are constructed in such a way that we give higher rebates incentives for those clients who deliver more volume and transactions to us. So as volume and transactions go up, mostly on the volume side, a little bit less on the transaction side, you will be naturally seeing the rebates and incentives line floating up.
Ajay Banga - President and Chief Executive Officer: So you'd also asked a question about will the 25% growth rate be something that stays over the next two years through quarters because there's bunching here, will that growth rate reduce in the future. It's very tough to say that to you because of what Martina just explained because there's deals flowing through and that connects to your second question about do I see deals coming over the next two or three years, I sure as heck do because otherwise I wouldn't have anything to do for the next three years.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: That would be a real problem, quite frankly.
Ajay Banga - President and Chief Executive Officer: That would be a real problem. I'd drive all of these guys crazy. But the fact is that I really can't tell what you those are at this stage. No idea. It'll come when they come. But the good news is I would encourage you to think about rebates and incentives as good cholesterol, where you get a deal done and if it's front loaded as in a couple of these, that's actually also not a bad thing today. Now accounting could change and accounting could cause lots of headaches for everybody about front loading versus later loading, and, frankly, I don't – I try to stay away from all the accounting stuff when you do this and stay with the logic of what a customer is looking for and what our relationship with that customer will be and what the franchise value of that deal will be and what the revenue growth over the life of that deal will be and what the profitability over the life of that deal will be and what the extra value added services we sell into that client over the life of the deal will be, those conversations I'm happy to have every day.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan C. Keane - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. I just want to ask about the long-term revenue objectives. I know you talked about the low end. But if you look at the current quarter, obviously if you ex- out currency and acquisitions like the long-term objectives do, it's running below that. Just trying to figure out the gap, is that gap 100% due to economy? And then let me just add me one more, Barbara, I apologize, just on the European interchange regs, now that they are finalized, is there any different impact you guys think we should know about for the model going forward? Thanks so much.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: First of all, on our 2013 and 2015 revenue objectives, yes, we're going to come in at the low end of the range. We're not coming in below, we're coming in at the low end of the range. And as you can see in 2013 and 2014, we performed above the range and this year, for a number of factors, we will be a little bit below the range but when you add it all up, it will be at the range. In terms of the factors where we're performing a little bit below the range this year, one local FX impact, right, I mean, you saw that very clearly, that is a big impact, it's two PPT at this point in time on the top line, yes, it gets somewhat offset by the expense line and you can actually see from an EPS point of view, we're navigating through that headwind relatively well. Secondly, when you look at gas prices, right, gas prices have a big impact, you guys know from a volume and from a transaction point of view in the United States, it's really important to be looking at that and we're going to feel through something like that too. So those are, I think, the two big ones.
Ajay Banga - President and Chief Executive Officer: I guess the only thing I'd add to that is, you know we've told you that we've got in this particular year these big renewals which are coming front loaded so that has a minor impact. But don't conclude that it's all due to the economy. It's first of all, struggling through those local FX rates, there's a lot there because we talk to you, ex-FX just takes out the Real and the Euro, but remember all of the other currencies and we work our way through those all the time. So that's got a big chunk in there and then of course there's the gas here, and there's all these economic ups and downs. But you're trying to figure out where this is going. Where this is going, you'll get to know when we do Investor Day, but I don't see, and neither does Martina, any fundamental change on the underlying dynamics or the kind of business we're doing this year versus the prior two years, not at all.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Napoli from William Blair. Your line is open.
Bob P. Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning. I was hoping you could give a little color on some of the mix of the growth of your business if you would, the large commercial, commercial has been a big growth driver for you guys in the U.S., are you seeing any – globally any different trends on the large commercial versus small business and then are you seeing – is prepaid still a big global growth driver?
Ajay Banga - President and Chief Executive Officer: So commercial is a driver still across the world. It's not just large commercial. Inside our commercial business, it certainly is some of the large commercial businesses but also there's all the small business and there's portions of business we're doing where we use MasterCard virtual card number capability to intervene in the flow between businesses. So there's a number of things inside the commercial business. And maybe one of the things we could do at investor day is to give you guys a little more insight into the different things we're doing around the commercial business, and we probably should do that. But it's got more than just the large commercial insight. I actually continue to believe that we have a real opportunity for growth as a company in that space because we have a series of good assets that we've put together from our virtual card number capability to our ability with our acceptance being superior to that of certain other brands which will remain unnamed to our ability to do business across the world with one technology across all the regions. There's a number of advantages there which I still believe commercial has that we can play with. It's our data capabilities with smart data. There's a whole series of these. So I still think of that as a big and decent opportunity. On prepaid, yes, prepaid has been growing well over the last three to four years. I just referred to prepaid when we talked about the acquisitions and the help we got from Access Prepaid Worldwide to help us in the prepaid program management business. I consider that to be an opportunity still for various reasons. One of those is there's an increasing desire across the world to get to the underserved in financial inclusion terms. Clearly prepaid is the best product in some form or the other whether delivered on a card or delivered on the phone or delivered through a fingerprint for that population. It reduces the risk. It's more appropriate for governments to transfer benefits, it's better for NGOs, the whole lot. So I think you'll see numbers grow there. Those tend to come with lower economics because those people tend to take out cash first and use the point of sale later in their development cycle. But this is all part of our ways that growth is added. So yes we're getting a mix of growth from commercial and prepaid and I think commercial will keep growing and I think prepaid will but with different economics from commercial.
Bob P. Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Barbara L. Gasper - Executive Vice President & Group Executive: Operator, I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for sneaking me in. Quick one, Martina, I noticed the number of Maestro cards is down year-on-year. Is there anything to call out there? And are EU regulations something that are driving that?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Andrew, it has nothing to do with regulations but it has rather to do with what we can do with certain customers to be moving them from the Maestro product to the MasterCard debit product. MasterCard debit product has more functionality and so we have, in a number of countries, like Poland, Russia, Brazil, a couple of other countries, we have those customers really moving over to MasterCard debit card and that's all you're seeing.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. To your benefit, I take it?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah.
Ajay Banga - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Absolutely.
Ajay Banga - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's something we'd like to do more of, and like to encourage in some cases, but also having Maestro so we end up with a benefit of having a two-brand strategy in debit.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you.
Ajay Banga - President and Chief Executive Officer: Great. Well thank you all for questions. I'm going to leave you with a couple of closing thoughts. You know, we just talked about this in the Q&A but the world economy continues to be complicated and things aren't completely clear yet but the U.S. looks to be in better shape and people aren't yet spending all of their savings from lower gas prices, as I was explaining in response to Sanjay's question but it's there. They are spending ex- that gas and I believe you will see improvements in that. I think Europe is slowly improving but the Russian economy remains challenged and that's a fairly large economy around the world to have that challenge in. And Asia and Latin America, markets with economics problems as well. Currency moves have added to the challenges. I think we're managing our way through it with tight cost controls. The strong underlying dynamics of our business remain unchanged. Our momentum continues, we are launching new products, we are working with the digital giants, we are working with banks, getting new deals from them, we're building new relationships with merchants, we are acquiring things to help us cement those relationships. That's all good stuff. We are very focused on all of the right things. And so thank you for your continued support of the company. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for participating. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ajay Banga - President, Chief Executive Officer Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer Barbara Gasper - Head of Investor Relations
Analysts: Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan  Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Kevin McVeigh - Macquarie Bob Napoli - William Blair Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer Don Fandetti - Citigroup James Friedman - Susquehanna Bill Carcache - Nomura Tom McCrohan - Sterne Agee Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Welcome to the MasterCard fourth quarter and full-year 2014 earnings conference call. My name is Heather and I will be your operator for today’s call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. Ms. Gasper, you may begin.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Heather, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us for a discussion about our fourth quarter and full-year 2014 financial results. With me on the call today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask a question. Even if you think you have already dialed into the queue for the Q&A, you will need to register again following our prepared comments. This morning’s earnings release and the side deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at MasterCard.com. We’ve added a new table in the slide appendix to the deck that breaks out the impact of various items to our financial results as an easy reference for those of you who track that detail. These documents have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one week through February 6. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today’s earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today’s call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard’s future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release as well as contained in our recent SEC filings. With that, I will now turn the call over to Ajay.
Ajay Banga: Thank you, Barbara. Good morning everybody. I’m very pleased that we were able to deliver strong results for both our fourth quarter and the full year performance despite what everybody knows is a mixed economic environment. In the fourth quarter after adjusting for currency, we had net revenue growth of 17% and EPS growth of 25% driven by solid underlying metrics. For the full year, we saw net revenue growth of 14% and EPS growth of 19%. Both EPS growth figures exclude the impact of last year’s special item for a charge related to the U.S. merchant litigation. So in total, we had a good year where we were able to continue to meaningfully invest in growth initiatives that I think will position us very well for the future. Those initiatives included actions resulting in a restructuring charge in this past year’s fourth quarter, which Martina is going to go through in some detail later. Moving on to look at some of the current underlying global economic trends, let’s start with the United States which is in relatively decent shape. Our SpendingPulse data showed U.S. retail sales growth ex-auto was 2.9% in the fourth quarter, and that’s down from the third quarter growth of 4.2%. Most of that deceleration is due to lower gas prices. Excluding auto and gas, retail sales growth was 4.1% for the fourth quarter versus 4.8% for the third quarter, showing just a modest deceleration in spending. Even though 4% growth is nothing to sneeze at, we haven’t yet seen the extra savings from lower gas prices translate into additional discretionary consumer spending.  While overall retail spending growth softened in the quarter, underlying economic indicators did remain positive with unemployment levels and consumer sentiment both showing some improvement. Looking at our own U.S. business, as we have said for the past couple of quarters, the Chase de-conversion is having an impact on our U.S. GDP growth rate, but if we take that out, the underlying growth remained roughly the same over the course of 2014.  Outside of the U.S., Europe’s recovery slowed somewhat in the fourth quarter, it still remains challenged and across the region, consumer confidence and economic sentiment decelerated slightly. While unemployment levels were high, they remained steady with the prior quarter. There were a few bright spots - the U.K. experienced good momentum in the quarter. SpendingPulse data for the U.K. is showing fourth quarter retail sales growth of 3.6%, up from 2.9% in the third quarter. Even in Spain, preliminary indicators are showing some early signs of recovery. MasterCard’s total European volume growth for the fourth quarter was in the mid-teens and process transaction growth in the lower 20’s, both of which increased from the last quarter due in part to a number of our recent wins across several European markets. Latin America, a number of indicators there that highlighted the sluggish economic performance across the region. Our fourth quarter SpendingPulse data from Brazil showed retail sales growth of just 0.9%, down from the 2.4% growth that Brazil saw in the third quarter. For the entire region, annual GDP growth is now expected to be around 1%, down slightly from earlier projections of 1.3%. Mexico, however, is an exception. It continues to benefit from improving exposure to the U.S. and actually is undergoing a slow recovery. Our business in the region remains solid. Our fourth quarter GDV and process transaction growth is in the mid-teens, about the same as the last quarter. Across Asia-Pacific, overall business sentiment actually improved in the fourth quarter. Optimism from Indian companies following the recent elections has driven some of that, but was tempered a bit by lingering concerns over the slowing economic growth in China. Consumer confidence across the region is holding steady. Our business in the region continues to do well. GDP growth in the mid-teens, process transaction growth in the mid-20’s is about the same as the last quarter. So overall, the economic environment hasn’t changed much from last quarter. The U.S. looks to be in a little better shape, challenges remain for continental Europe, for Brazil and parts of Asia. But despite all of this, you can see the strong fundamentals of our business have not changed. So before we go to our business highlights, there has been recent news about European regulatory matters and Russia, so let me touch on those a little bit first. Let me start with the proposed European legislation related to card payments. The European Parliament, the Council of Ministers and the Commission have reached an agreement in December, and we are waiting for the formal adoption and publication of the final text. As expected, interchange caps have now been established for consumer credit and consumer debit cards. Commercial cards are excluded. The regulation provides for a level playing field by imposing interchange caps on three-party networks when they operate similarly to a four-party network. There are some possible exceptions to this, but overall we are pleased with the outcome at this point, because it is an important one for us. Also, a network will no longer be allowed to charge a co-badging fee if it does not process the transaction, and finally the regulation requires the functional rather than legal separation of scheme and processing functions, an outcome that we had sought once it became clear that some form of separation would be required. We are now working to build this separation, the functional separation, into our operations. The next formal step is for the language of the agreement to be endorsed by parliament and by the member states. Our best estimate this will occur in the first half of 2015. Interchange caps will become effective six months after that. All of the parts of the legislation will apply to us starting 12 months after the endorsement, so that’s probably sometime in 2016. So now a little bit about Russia. We’ve been working through the challenges of connecting to NSPC, which is the domestic processing switch of the Russian Central Bank in order to meet a late March 31 deadline. Going forward, by the way, nothing has changed in terms of being able to issue MasterCard-branded cards for use in the Russian market. In terms of the financial impact to our business, our best estimate is still something less than $50 million on an annualized basis. It will now hit our GMA line, the expense line, as a data processing expense rather than the revenue line, as we’d previously shared. Moving on to some of our recent business activity, we have expanded relationships with a couple of our large global customers, and that’s great news. We renewed our multi-year global partnership with Bank of America that will expand share opportunities for us, both domestically and outside of the U.S., and primarily on the commercial side. We recently won new business with HSBC, which involves converting the remainder of their U.S. consumer credit portfolio to MasterCard in the first half of this year.  In the Middle East and Africa, we signed a number of new business agreements in the quarter. That should help us increase our credit, debit, commercial and prepaid businesses in countries such as Nigeria, Tanzania, Rwanda, Jordan, Kuwait and the UAE over the course of 2015. It was built on the strong momentum that we’ve developed in the region. Over the last two years, we’ve signed close to 100 new business agreements. We now have an acceptance footprint in 50 out of Africa’s 55 markets.  We feel strongly about activities that take our services to people who were previously excluded from access to the financial system. In Africa, close to 95% of the region’s transactions are still done in cash and 80% of adults don’t have access to a bank account. Working on that whole aspect and reflecting our commitment to what’s going on in Africa, we have also launched a number of financial inclusion initiatives, and today I’m going to pick on two of those. First, last week we announced the start of a collaboration with the African Development Bank to broaden access to financial services. We are going to do that in partnership with local governments in Africa and private sector companies. We have the expertise to design and to scale financial solutions, and the African Development Bank is a major source of funding for the economic development of its 54 member countries. We believe together we can help drive financial inclusion and economic development across Africa over the next few years. Secondly, last December in partnership with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, we announced that we will be opening a MasterCard Lab for Financial Inclusion in Kenya. This is our seventh global innovation hub, but it’s the first that we have in Africa. It’s also the first to receive outside funding. The lab will be dedicated specifically to creating and incubating programs that are targeted to more than 100 million people in this part of the world who are financially excluded or underserved. Our efforts on innovation, by the way, are not limited to one region, like we were discussing Africa, or only to the labs. We’re also opening up our technology to external developers, something we’ve been trying to do for a while now. The most recent example is the 10-city hackathon competition that starts next month in Sydney in Australia, and will go on to Hong Kong, Singapore, Israel, Brazil, Canada, the U.K. and the United States. This competition, which has already been planned for some more cities beyond these, will bring together developers and entrepreneurs using MasterCard APIs to create a new generation of commerce applications that leverages our platforms, our product capabilities such as [indiscernible] from our information services business, our MasterPass, and our prepaid, our loyalty and our fraud solutions.  Meanwhile, continuing with the global expansion of MasterPass, since this introduction in the spring of 2013, we now have the platform launched in 16 countries and just recently signed on a number of new merchants - Neiman Marcus, Office Depot, Blue Nile, Broadway.com - just some new names in the merchant list. We’re also creating some new and noteworthy partnerships. One example is with Paylib in France. Paylib was initially formed by BNP Paribas, La Banque Postal, and Société Général, who are by the way mainly customers of one of our key competitors, and yet they have chosen to partner with MasterPass because of what they believe is our global reach in handling all of their cross-border ecommerce transactions as well as some of the domestic transactions too. With this partnership, up to 40 million people will have access to MasterPass acceptance with Paylib wallets linked to a card from their bank.  So before I turn it over to Martina, let me quickly update you on two recent acquisitions. In December, we acquired the payment gateway services business of Transaction Network Services, TNS. That deal gives us the ability to expand our payment gateway to the U.S. and Mexico and to position ourselves more competitively around the rest of the world, whereas you know with DataCash and our original mix platform, we’ve only had a presence. So for example in Asia-Pacific and the Middle East and Africa, we will add new capabilities - tokenization, fraud management, and we will also be able to leverage what I think are highly skilled product and software teams that have now recently joined the company with this transaction. Additionally, we acquired 5one Marketing Limited. That’s a marketing, analytics and consulting firm, and their clients are basically large retailers across many different consumer sectors. 5one has some proprietary software. They have used that to develop insights from a retailer’s own data that can be used for marketing, for merchandising, and for operational decisions. You take that and you combine that kind of in-depth merchant understanding with our existing advisors’ capabilities, and I think that will allow us to provide greater insights to retailers and the ability to expand our business opportunities with the merchant community. So with that, Martina for an update on financial results and operational metrics.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks Ajay, and good morning everyone. As Ajay already said, we’re very pleased with our 2014 full-year performance, which delivered net revenue growth of 14% and EPS growth of 19%. I now turn to the details of our fourth quarter results. Let me begin on Page 3 of our slide deck, where you see the difference between as reported and FX-adjusted growth rates for this quarter is more significant than it has been in the recent past. This is primarily due to the headwinds from the euro-U.S. dollar exchange rate, especially with what we saw in the FX markets during the last 45 days of the quarter and its continuation into this quarter. These figures also exclude the impact of the special item related to the U.S. merchant litigation taken in the fourth quarter of 2013. I’d like to highlight three things while on this slide and then dive into the details of the major P&L line items and subsequent lines. First, EPS growth was 25% after adjusting for currency, and share repurchases contributed $0.03 per share. During the fourth quarter, we have purchased 2.1 million shares at a cost of approximately $155 million. Through January 23, we repurchased an additional 2.5 million shares at a cost of approximately $250 million, and we now have $3.8 billion remaining under the current authorization. We continue to look to repurchase shares on an opportunistic basis. Second, part of the EPS growth is the result of a very favorable tax rate of 20.3% in the quarter as some initiatives only came together within the last couple of months to better align our tax structure to our European business footprint between Belgium and the U.K. We took some of that benefit to reinvest back into the business, which I’ll discuss on the operating expense slide. Third, cash flow from operations was $725 million. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and other liquid investments of about $6.4 billion.  So let’s turn to Page 4 where you can see the operational metrics for the fourth quarter. Our worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV, was up 13% on a local currency basis, up slightly from last quarter. Overall, our U.S. GDV grew 8%, similar to last quarter. Credit growth was 7% and debit growth was 8%, both the same as last quarter. Outside of the U.S., volume growth was 15% on a local currency basis and primarily driven by Europe. Cross-border volume grew 19% on a local currency basis, higher than the 15% we saw in the third quarter, primarily driven by Europe. Growth in Europe was in the low 20’s. Key contributors to this growth included the U.K., Italy, Germany and Sweden. All regions except the U.S. saw an increase in cross-border volume growth in the fourth quarter. Let me turn to Page 5, and here you can see process transactions grew 11% globally to $11.6 billion. We continue to see double-digit growth in most regions. Growth increased from the 10% we saw in the third quarter primarily due to Europe, driven by Russia, Sweden, Poland and the Netherlands. Globally, the number of cards grew 9% with 2.1 billion MasterCard and Maestro-branded cards.  Now let’s turn to Page 6 for highlights of a few of our revenue line items. Overall, net revenue growth was 14% as reported, or 17% FX-adjusted due to currency headwinds primarily from the euro exchange rate. Additionally, the impact of local currency exchange rates to the functional currency billing rates was a little more than 1 ppt. In total, acquisitions contributed 3 ppt to our net revenue growth. So after excluding the impact of both local and functional currencies, as well as the impact of acquisitions, we saw very strong underlying growth of 15%. Looking at the individual revenue line items on an FX-adjusted basis, domestic assessments grew 7% while worldwide GDV grew 13%. This 6 ppt gap is primarily due to the impact of local currency and lower than average revenue yields in some markets outside of the U.S., similar to prior quarters. Cross-border volume fees grew 8% while cross-border volume grew 19%. Of the 11 ppt gap, about 7 ppt is due to the impact of local currency. The remaining portion of the difference is mainly due to the higher mix of intra-European activity.  Transaction processing fees grew 15% primarily driven by the 11% growth in processed transactions. This line item also benefited from additional revenues not driven by transaction count and some pricing, partially offset by mix. Other revenues grew 28% driven largely by contributions from our Pinpoint acquisition as well as our advisors business. Moving on to Page 7, you can see that total operating expenses were up 26% in the quarter or 29% on an FX-adjusted basis. Of this growth, 9 ppt was due to expenses related to our acquisitions. The other big driver was the restructuring charge, which contributed 8 ppt to the growth, so let me focus on that a bit more. Specifically, we took an $87 million restructuring charge to cover a series of actions. First, as you know, we have made a number of acquisitions in the processing space and we are now consolidating all of our processing assets under one organization, thus driving significant synergies. Second, we are realigning some roles within the company’s business groups and redeploying resources geographically in order to invest in and enhance our capabilities in new product areas and technology, such as digital and mobile. Overall, these actions will impact over 500 people, but our total headcount will decline by a smaller amount given the reinvestment that I just mentioned. The remaining opex growth of 12% was primarily driven by some opportunistic spend, such as adding A&M spend around our Apple Pay and Priceless initiatives, as well as continuing our digital investments such as MasterPass and tokenization, similar to prior quarters.  Let me turn to Slide 8, and here we discuss what we’ve seen in January through the 21st. Most of our business drivers are similar to what we experienced in the fourth quarter after excluding the impact of lower gas prices, particularly in the U.S. The numbers through January 21 are as follows. Starting with processed volume, we saw global growth of 9%, down 2 ppt from the fourth quarter. In the U.S., our processed volume grew 3%, down 2 ppt from what we saw last quarter primarily driven by lower gas prices. Processed volume outside the U.S. grew 16%, about 1 ppt lower than the fourth quarter with growth of mid to high teens in each region. Globally, processed transaction growth was 11%, similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter with double-digit growth in all regions except the U.S, which grew in the low single digits. With respect to cross-border, our volume grew at 19% globally, the same as our fourth quarter growth. We continue to see high growth in major European markets, including the U.K., Italy and Sweden.  Looking ahead, let me start with some commentary about full-year 2015. Given what’s happening with currency rates and the impact being seen by U.S. multinationals across a number of industries, I’m going to start with that, especially since it was back in 2012 that MasterCard last faced such a big impact from FX. Remember that currency impacts us in two ways.  First, we have the impact of local currency rates relative to the functional currencies, and this is the FX exposure that we actively hedge, normally on a rolling 12-month basis and typically, as you know, we hedge about 50 to 75% of our total net exposure for about 30 currency pairs. Given that many currencies have depreciated against the U.S. dollar and the euro, new hedge contracts will come on at lower rates over the year, thus we continue to expect some net headwind throughout the year, both to revenue and the bottom line. Based on the current rates, this is likely to be in the 2 ppt range, and this is already included in our FX-adjusted guidance.  Second, we have the impact of the translation of our major functional currencies, which are particularly the euro and the Brazilian real, into U.S. dollars to consolidate our financials, and we do not hedge those exposures. When we talk about FX-adjusted growth rates, we are only adjusting for the impact of these two functional exchange rates. If the rates for our functional currencies remain similar to where they are today, so that’s the euro trading at the 1.13 level and the Brazilian real at the 2.58 level for the rest of the year, the net impact of the euro and the real would be a 4 to 6 ppt headwind, and it’s actually driven mostly from the euro to our as-reported results for the full year, depending on which line item we are talking about - revenue, net income or EPS, and I will get into that a little bit more. With that backdrop, now let me get into some of the P&L line items. We expect high single digit net revenue growth for 2015 on an FX-adjusted basis, and that will be before and after a roughly 2 ppt contribution from last year’s M&A transactions. Our underlying business remains strong and we are seeing traction from many of our recent portfolio wins and new product initiatives; however, this year’s FX-adjusted revenue growth will be impacted by some items specific to 2015, and that’s including the remaining Chase portfolio attrition mostly impacting the first half of the year, as well as the local currency headwinds I just talked about. Also included are a couple of expected significant contract renewals, some of which will likely have more front-loaded rebates and incentives than our typical agreements, but these renewals provide the foundation for future growth.  On an as-reported basis, the net revenue growth rate will likely be in the mid-single digit range as a result of strong FX headwinds primarily from the euro functional translation. Based on current FX rates, this would be about a 4 to 5 ppt impact.  Overall, we project the growth rate for total operating expense for full-year 2015 to be in the high single digits on an FX-adjusted basis. This growth is predominantly due to a roughly 6 ppt impact from our previously announced acquisitions with more of that impact occurring in the first half of the year. The as-reported growth will likely be in the mid-single digit range after considering a roughly 2 to 3 ppt range impact, mostly again from the euro translation.  Let me give you an update on potential dilution from last year’s acquisitions. Now that we’ve done a few more deals, like TNS and 5one that Ajay just mentioned, we now expect total EPS dilution to be about $0.08 to $0.10 for the full-year 2015, and a little less than half of the expected dilution is actually due to the amortization of acquired intangibles. You should now assume a full-year 2015 tax rate of about 28% due to the continued benefits we expect from the tax initiatives I discussed earlier, so this is a sustainable tax benefit for future years.  Now given all the detail that I just went through, let me step back and summarize for you. We expect solid fundamentals to drive our business in 2015 despite the mixed economic environment and significant headwinds from FX and gas prices. We continue to sign customer contracts and invest in the right strategic areas while managing our expenses prudently.  Finally let me move on to our long-term performance objectives for the 2013 to 2015 period. Given our expectations for 2015 revenue growth, we now believe that we will deliver at the low end of our 11 to 14% net revenue CAGR. We continue to expect at least 20% EPS CAGR for the three-year period due to continued expense management as well as benefits from our lower tax rate and share repurchases. We remain committed to our annual operating margin target of at least 50%. Remember, these objectives are on a constant currency basis and they exclude our 2014 M&A activities as well as any new ones that may occur this year. As a reference point for your modeling, when looking at our performance from a two-year CAGR perspective, so that’s for 2013 and 2014, on a constant currency basis we have delivered a net revenue CAGR of 12.5% and an EPS CAGR of 21.1%, which is based on the 2012 normalized EPS of $2.14 per share that we provided to you earlier. Now many of you have asked when we will be rolling our performance objectives forward. As you can see, the underlying drivers of our business are in good shape and we are expanding our reach in areas that we are strategically targeting, such as processing, loyalty, information services, and all things digital. The overall growth prospects for the payments industry have not changed, and for now we have given you some clarity around 2015 as this is the last year of our current 2013 - 2015 performance period. Once we have worked through the many moving parts, including the impact of those resulting from the final European payment regulations and the new payments environment in Russia, both from a revenue and an expense perspective, we will provide you with our new long-term objectives before the end of this year. Now let me turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Martina. We’re now ready to start the Q&A session, and I would just remind everyone that in order to reach as many people as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and then queue back in for additional questions. Heather?
Operator: [Operator instructions] Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW is on the line with a question.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thank you, good morning. I guess I had a question on the quote Ajay had in the press release. It mentioned new wins and renewals in the pipeline. Is it both wins and renewals, because I know you guys talked about the renewals; and then just on the tax rate, Martina, that 28%, can that come down further in future years? Thanks.
Ajay Banga: Hi Sanjay, good morning. It is wins and renewals. If you recall my earlier comments, I talked about Bank of America’s commercial and some consumer, so those were actually wins. HSBC is a win - we’re actually converting the rest of their portfolio. There is renewals as well. There’s a combination of renewals with a deeper extension into other markets, which I would count as a part-win, so it’s kind of a mix of both, and all that is happening as we speak, actually.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So on the tax rate, Sanjay, as you know, we are very much committed to be aligning our business operations to our tax infrastructure, and over the last couple of years we’ve been able to work down the tax rate quite considerably, so in fact in 2014 we are ending up at 28.8%. We’re planning that that will go down to 28% in 2015, and over a longer period of time we believe that we will have even more work that we can in order to lower the tax rate.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks.
Barbara Gasper: Operator, next question?
Operator: Tien-tsin Huang is on the line with a question from JP Morgan.
Tien-tsin Huang: Thank you and good morning. Just wanted to follow up on Sanjay’s question. The small rise in rebate was surprising this quarter given your comments on the deals, so just curious if there were any unusual items within that. Can you give us, Martina, some context on where rebates could trend this year? It sounds like, like you just said, there will be some renewals and wins.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, so first of all in the prior year quarter in 2013, we actually had some relatively large contracts coming to fruition, both from a new and from a renewal point of view, so this is just the year-over-year cadence. There’s nothing unusual that is going on in the Q4 of 2014. Looking forward when you talk about 2015, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are expecting a number of customer renewals that will have more front-loaded rebates and incentives into the front part of the year, not smooth over the entire years of a contract. So it will have a more considerable impact on rebates and incentives in 2015, and that is all baked into our net revenue guidance of the high single digits, FX-adjusted.
Ajay Banga: And to be clear, it’s renewals and wins, as I said. It’s not just renewals.
Operator: Andrew Jeffrey from SunTrust is online with a question.
Andrew Jeffrey : Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Ajay, I wonder just from a high level if you could step back and described the acquisition strategy, just in the context of your long-term growth. It seems like you’re perhaps ramping up some of your acquisition activity, and I wonder if there is some specific criteria you evaluate when you look to do a deal, and also just whether or not there’s an overall or overarching narrative that we might think about in terms of how MasterCard is augmenting its robust organic revenue growth and position.
Ajay Banga: Okay, this particular year, we actually ended up doing six acquisitions and one JV. We had TNS, 5one, Pinpoint, ECS, C-SAM, and Provus, starting in January though December, and then the HomeSend JV. But that’s--I wouldn’t say you should take that as the norm. Deals are deals when they happen. You can look at 25, 30 deals in a year and sometimes in the previous two years, one or two worked out. It just so happened that a number of these were in the hopper, so to say, and they began to close at different times in the year. So the first thing I’d say is, don’t take this as trend line of how it happens. It’s just the way deals work out. Now, you deeper question was around what we’re doing and where we are going for, what’s the big picture here. The big picture here is we are trying to expand our presence in the payments value chain, not just in being in the clearing, authorization and settlement business but everything before, during and after a transaction, how can we expand our presence so we can be stickier and we can therefore extract better value for the services we offer, and that provides us with some new capabilities and hopefully gives us some space to become bigger leaders or better leaders in key growth areas.  So what would those areas be? Data and analytics, which is what the information services is about, so 5one for example is right in that space. Processing, which is what we’re doing with Provus and with ECS and ENS [ph] also does fit in there. We’ve had the key commerce gateway businesses bought over time. That are these things that all tie back to processing. And why are we doing processing? Because the idea is to be able to see more of the transactions around the world, because that allows me to use that knowledge in my data analytics business, so it’s interconnected to that space. Then the third area is safety and security, so DataCash got us some great fraud management solutions. There are similar ones in some of these - the HomeSend JV could actually be very useful not just for moving money around the world but also for safety and security. Then loyalty, which is why Pinpoint came into it, [indiscernible] some years ago. So these are all in that bailiwick of data and analytics, processing, safety, security, and loyalty, and mostly we try and figure out if there is a good strategic fit. Are these companies giving us some critical capabilities we didn’t have on our own - technology, product distribution, some geographic reach maybe, and do they have the right kind of risk profile and are we getting some talent and skills we would not have been able to get easily. So C-SAM, for example, brought us a number of very highly qualified mobile payments technicians. Hiring hundreds of them organically would be a very slow build. This gave us the ability to get with it much quicker. It’s kind of a mix of those reasons, and that’s what we’re trying to do.
Martina Hund-Mejean: In addition to the strategic evaluation, we obviously do a financial evaluation and we do an integration possibility evaluation. So on the financials, first of all, we differentiate between those acquisitions, as Ajay said, that are really bringing us skill sets that don’t necessarily bring us in the immediate term revenues that would be good over time, but it brings a skill set. Then we have acquisitions that are more the traditional acquisitions, like Pinpoint or TNS, that are bringing us also revenues. We do the very traditional cash flow modeling with the right kind of hurdle rates, vary it by the type of business, the riskiness of the business, where the business is located, and then beyond that analysis we obviously also do an analysis on the integration possibility of this particular business with our company so that we can drive some synergies on the bottom line.
Operator: Kevin McVeigh with Macquarie is on the line with a question.
Kevin McVeigh: Great, thanks. I wonder if you could just give us a sense of the advertising and marketing line in Q4, and then how we should think about that over the course of ’15 as well.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, so first of all in Q4, as I said, we took actually advantage of some of the goodness that we had on the tax side to be reinvesting that, and we did specifically reinvest that in [indiscernible] as well as in our price initiatives. So you saw a little bit of a higher number in A&M than you otherwise would expect in Q4.  I think for the full year of 2015, the A&M spend is really embedded in my comments that I said about operating expenses, and I don’t think you should be expecting too big of a difference from a overall A&M spend number for 2015 than what we had in 2014.
Operator: Bob Napoli from William Blair is online with a question.
Bob Napoli: Thank you. I just wanted to follow up on the growth in local currency of the debit and credit businesses internationally. It’s pretty impressive, the 17% going to 23% in debit, and a little bit of acceleration in credit. I was just trying to get a little more color and what your outlook is for those pieces of the business, given that the global economy doesn’t seem so hot right now outside of the U.S.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Well Bob, as you heard Ajay speak, actually a big part of this is due to the terrific work that our European colleagues have been doing. A number of the countries that we called out - the U.K., Sweden and some others - have been growing terrifically in these kinds of businesses, so that obviously contributed to our bottom line growth despite where the economic environment is at this point in time.
Ajay Banga: Yes, the economic environment translates into consumer confidence translates into spending, and that does impact quickly; but we also have--what’s going on here is share growth in some of these markets, and what’s also going on here is conversion from cash to electronic, and it’s kind of a mixed bag of all three that comes out into the numbers you’re seeing. You can actually make that work faster and harder for you if you’ve got the right marketing and the right approaches, so there’s a lot of blocking and tackling that’s going on to help us get to where we’re getting. 
Bob Napoli: Great, thank you.
Operator: Jason Kupferberg from Jefferies is online with a question.
Jason Kupferberg: Yes, hi guys. I was just curious sin terms of what theories you might have as to why we haven’t seen the pick-up in discretionary spending from U.S. consumers, given the magnitude of the drop in gas prices. Separately, can you just clarify your pricing assumptions in the 2015 guide?
Ajay Banga: So Jason, that’s actually a very good question. I myself, I’m kind of stumped with what’s going on there. I think about the fact that it’s $800 a month, or whatever it is to a middle class family, the gas prices are down 40% over this same time the previous year, and that’s not a small number. So when we put all that into context, you would have thought it would flow through. But the way I think about it, and [indiscernible] we’ve talked to so many other fields about this, I just feel that maybe it is that it’s going to take three or four months for the U.S. consumer to feel that this is something that’s going to with them for a little while. If you have a longer term perspective of the price of gas, not going back to $100 but maybe settling in at $75, $80, that’s where we’re thinking. I don’t think the U.S. consumer knows whether to expect this to be sticking around or not, so I think there’s some degree of, let’s say, the desire to see that through before they really start spending that kind of money. That’s kind of where I think this is. So if you were to ask my opinion and my guess, I would say we’re probably a month or two or three away, if this price stays where it is, for them saying, you know what? I do have $800 a month more in my pocket, and I could afford to go and buy X. I think that’s kind of what I think about it. But on pricing, Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, on the pricing side, for 2014 actually for the whole year, we had about a 1% price increase, so relatively small. We think that what we have out there for 2015, it will be relatively similar.
Operator: Glenn Greene from Oppenheimer is online with a question.
Glenn Greene: Thanks, good morning. Martina, I know you like to level-set us in terms of expectations, and there was a lot of commentary on guidance, but I just wanted to clarify and make sure I heard it right. So in terms of revenue, you talked about high single-digit net revenue on an FX-adjusted basis, including M&A. So the first question would be, how much M&A benefit is there? And I was unclear exactly what you said in terms of the expense expectation, given the FX impact and the M&A.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Okay, well let me just go through it.
Ajay Banga: Yes, she’s very good at level-setting expectations inside the company too, so don’t feel discriminated against.
Glenn Greene: Good to know!
Martina Hund-Mejean: So you’re absolutely right - FX-adjusted, high single digit net revenue growth for 2015. That includes about 2 ppt of M&A transactions. But by the way, even when you pull these 2 ppt of M&A transactions out, you still get to high single digit growth on the underlying business, so you can probably get a good sense on the numbers on that one.  On the expense side, what I said is also on an FX-adjusted basis, you have operating expenses high single digits, and actually most of that - 6 ppt - is due to the acquisitions, so the underlying growth of our underlying expenses is relatively small, okay? Now, when you put the FX translation into it, you have to deduct about 2 to 3 percentage points, so you’re getting for the as-reported opex growth into the mid-single digit range.
Ajay Banga: So you get a benefit from the euro and expenses, just that you get a headwind on the revenue. That’s kind of what’s going on. The M&A transactions, what’s happening is you typically get--the first year or two, you tend to get the expenses, that you’ve got to either get them up to speed with our systems or with our security or the investment you’re putting in to do things with their technology or their geography or their distribution, and then you get the revenue that comes in a little later. Or, you get things like C-SAM, which are really more building our capacity, our mobile and digital, and doesn’t really give you a lot of revenue in the first year or two or three. That’s the mix that’s going on inside our company.
Operator: Don Fandetti from Citigroup is online with a question.
Don Fandetti: Yes Ajay, I had a question around tokenization. I was wondering if you can help us understand sort of the timeline for tokenization for online browser-based purchases. I think Visa had mentioned there could be some products over the next few quarters. How will that sort of play out?
Ajay Banga: You know, before digital space, if you kind of bust it up between in-app, contactless and online browser, as you read through it, contactless is still relatively small in the U.S., online browsing tends to be the large amount. A number of the merchants and retailers have been launching their own apps in an effort to get people to come straight to their [indiscernible] and then hopefully control more of the transaction as well as the relationship with the consumer when they’re inside their app, as compared to coming the usual way. So it depends who you believe, but everybody is making projections based on whatever they think about where these three will go over the next few years.  My sense is you’re going to get NFC growing decently, particularly with terminalisation, and I believe terminalisation will happen with all the EMV and chip migration as well as the fact our new terminals are coming contactless-equipped, so you’re probably seeing a two or three-year cycle of a fairly dramatic increase in contactless-equipped terminals in the United States. That’s only happening, by the way, in Australia and Canada, Turkey, and some other countries. But the U.S., which is the large one, I think you’ll see that. In terms of browsing, browsing tends to be the large chunk, and I still believe that online browsing will remain a pretty large number for a few years to come, and I think you’ll get two or three kinds of efforts made. You’ll get a lot of effort made around improving the card and file experience. You’ll get a lot of efforts made around improving the use of easy use checkout wallets, whether it be MasterPass or Visa’s offering, or PayPal or other such offerings. And I think you’ll get all of those getting a degree of capabilities built with tokenization just making it safer and safer over the next few quarters. So we’re all working on similar things, and I don’t think you should read too much into a quarter here or a quarter there. These things are slow burns. You saw Apply Pay talk about their mobile payment growth, and at the end of the day, yes, they’ve done a great job and it’s excited the market, but it’s still a very small percentage of what the total number of transactions are. So I would take all this in that context, and not run to the races with more than that. But we are very focused on--you know, tokenization and [indiscernible], just to make sure I don’t miss that aspect. It’s a very important aspect of where we’re going for safety and security. Apple Pay was the first version of that to come out. We’re putting it into MasterPass, just regular MasterPass over the next few--period of time, let me put it that way, so I don’t give you information that’s beyond what is likely, and that will be--you’ll see in a year or two’s time, tokenization will become kind of fiddlesticks in the game on ecommerce. [Indiscernible]
Operator: James Friedman with Susquehanna is online with a question.
James Friedman: Hi. I was hoping you could share some perspective on the relative performance of debit and credit domestically, excluding the gasoline vector. Is there any evidence of steering in the market? Thank you.
Ajay Banga: No, I don’t--the last part of your question is about is there either steering or secular change going on in the behavior around credit and debit, and I’d say there’s no evidence of that. But you should know this, that the growth rate of debit versus credit, there are changes that are going on between that over time, and there’s no doubt that as credit histories and credit positions are improving, banks are becoming more willing to go out and push credit acquisitions again, and that in itself will change over a period of time some degree of behavior between debit and credit. But there’s no real pushing or steering or anything going on that I can see, not in our numbers, anyway.
Operator: Bill Carcache from Nomura is online with a question.
Bill Carcache: Thank you, good morning. Martina, you talked about how you actively hedge, I believe you said 50 to 75% of your FX exposure. Can you discuss some of the trade-offs behind why you wouldn’t hedge an even greater percentage? Wouldn’t forward contracts be relatively inexpensive? And then finally, if you could offer any thoughts at a high level on some of the more significant differences between your hedging strategies versus that of your large competitor, which last night discussed how they layer in their hedges on a rolling 12-month basis.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, so first of all with the last comment, of course we listen to each other’s comments from time to time, and I would believe that we do a hedging strategy and have a hedging philosophy that is extremely similar. We layer in our hedges over a 12-month rolling period, so we never run, so to speak, naked during any type of period. We do it for the most significant currency pairs. You know that we are doing actually business in 150-plus currencies, but we really pick the most significant currency pairs in order to do our hedging.  In order to do hedging, you have to have really appropriate exposure forecasts coming out over the next 12 months rolling period, and that is where you typically step back and take a little bit of a more conservative view and don’t layer in 100% of the exposure in terms of hedges, you do 50 to 75%. So we don’t take a view--the 50 to 75% is not taking a view in terms of hedging a particular currency pair, but it is in terms of making sure that between the exposure that we know and the hedges that we layer on, that we have the right kind of balance. The one other thing that I wanted to let you know is just to make sure, we are hedging things on a net basis, which means we take revenues in that particular currency and we deduct the operating expenses that we spend in that particular currency, and then we do a hedge on that, and you would not see the gain or the loss on the hedge showing up in the revenue line. Most of that is actually reflected in our GMA line item.
Ajay Banga: By the way, this layered hedging is kind of the way that I used to work it, even in my previous job in the banking industry. When you go to companies--and that’s exactly what you do. You go in and you attempt to hedge more of the exposure in the immediate quarter out there, a little less in the quarter after, a little less in the quarter after, and even a little less in the quarter after. So when Martina talks to you about the 50 to 75%, you’re probably looking at a higher level hedge in the immediate quarter because you have more certainty of that net exposure within those currency pairs that she just referred to. You hedge a little less out four quarters because you have less certainty in those currency pairs that she’s referring to. Also remember, the euro and the real are not being discussed in those currency pairs. The 2 percentage point headwind that we’ve already put in our revenue growth estimate for next year, it’s from these currency pairs. The euro and the real goes over and beyond that, and kind of could be a far more significant one, particularly because of the euro, as Martina was pointing out.
Bill Carcache: That’s extremely helpful, thank you.
Operator: Tom McCrohan from Sterne Agee is on the line with a question.
Tom McCrohan: Hi Ajay. You talked about the commercial business in the past as having some good momentum. Can you just give us an update how the year ended out and what your prospects are in looking at 2015? Thanks.
Ajay Banga: That business exciting. We’re doing well, and it’s across the world, by the way. The U.S. has got the most traction in some ways, but there’s good growth in Europe, there’s good growth in Latin America. Asia, the Middle East, Africa remain real opportunities for us. I’m not going to give you separate numbers for that, but you should know that it still is a big focus. We’re focused on--T&E [ph] is focused on fleet cards, it’s focused on purchasing, it’s focused on some B2B payment streams. It’s not just our own effort with individual clients like Bank of America and Chase and Citi that you heard me talk about our other global clients, but it’s also focused on partnerships with companies in the travel space, partnerships with companies in the fleet management spaces. All of these are giving us opportunities in commercial.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Actually from a growth perspective, just to jump in here, it’s really a nice mid-teens kind of growth worldwide.
Ajay Banga: There you go. Martina is willing to give you more information than I am. That’s an exception.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Isn’t that interesting? 
Operator: Dan Perlin from RBC Capital Markets is online with a question.
Dan Perlin: Thanks. Can you just speak a little bit to the nuances that we might expect to see as you get more and more of this mix shift in ecommerce? Inherently, it seems a little more credit-centric. The interchange categories are quite a bit different, so maybe there’s a bigger pool from which everyone could draw from. I want to be thinking about this as this mix shift accelerates. The other thing, if you could just kind of explain, the $50 million shift into G&A versus revenue from Russia, how did that come about? And I’ll hop off - thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes Dan, so let me take the Russia question first. So what actually happened is the last legs of the legislation in Russia is that we continue to be a direct partner to our clients and that we actually will be facing our clients on all products and services that our clients need. Then we then subcontract in particular [indiscernible] in switching to the local processing entity, and therefore we still get the revenues from our clients but we have to pay a servicing fee which will be showing up in the data processing line to the local entity that would switch [indiscernible]. Ajay, on ecommerce?
Ajay Banga: I don’t know how to answer that in a way that’s different. I would say to you that what’s going on in ecommerce right now is that you’ve got--as you grow, there is no doubt that credit has a greater share than debit in ecommerce, although I’d say that’s also because the U.S. is a larger ecommerce market than most other parts of the world. In Europe, it’s not as similar as it is in the U.S. Now remember, the U.K. and Spain, Portugal are more credit-sensitive now, northern Europe is more debit-sensitive, so a lot of it depends on the originating market from where the transaction is placed into the ecommerce system. So what we are seeing right now is also a function of mix, and I wouldn’t try and draw more conclusions than that right now.
Dan Perlin: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank is online with a question.
Bryan Keane: Hi guys. Now that the European regs, the agreement seems to be in place between the three parties, just trying to get an idea of--you guys have probably looked at it for ’16, what kind of an impact might there be. Secondly, Martina, just on operating margins for the year, there’s a lot of moving pieces. Should we expect fiscal year ’15 operating margins to increase, and then what does that all total out to be for EPS growth as reported for fiscal year ’15? Just want to make sure I have that right. Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean: On your first question, look - the European regulations, the text is finalized but there is a lot of work that has to be done in order to implement that, so I’m not prepared to be giving you guidelines for 2016 at this point in time. That’s why you are going to hear only later this year about our long-term performance targets as we are going to be renewing them for a period.  Secondly on the operating margin, of course when you have high single digit revenue growth and high single digit opex growth on an FX-adjusted basis, you should basically assume that the operating margin, which is terrific for 2014, will be roughly a similar operating margin in 2015. We are not giving guidance for the bottom line. 
Operator: Let me now turn the call over to Ajay Banga for closing remarks. Ajay?
Ajay Banga: Great. Thank you all for those questions. I’m going to just leave you with a few closing thoughts.  We ended what I think was a very good year on a strong note. Seventeen percent revenue growth in fourth quarter, ex-FX, ’14 with that effect, that’s not a bad place to be. Volumes, share, innovation, deals - we’ve done all of that while navigating through what I would say was one of the more complex economic and political years that I’ve seen over the last decade. Aside from the actual couple of years of the financial crisis, this was probably one of the more difficult years.  For 2015, we see the same underlying trends, economically and for our own business. We believe that we will deliver our three objectives, and that means that net revenue growth this year will be in the high single digit range at constant currency. So your question would be, why is that growth lower than 2014? Because one, we have those local FX headwinds that we were just discussing in the Q&A in those key currency pairs, and that’s before the euro, by the way, and the real translation impact, which as you know is larger. But just those local FX headwinds and because there are some very good deals in the pipeline, both renewals and wins, that are probably going to have an upfront load. But they're good deals - they’re good for us. So if you look at all that, at the same time, we plan to keep investing in our business and our capabilities. We know how to dial our expenses up and down, and we’re going to keep a very close eye on that if needed. I just don’t overdo that through a short-term cycle. We took advantage of the tax benefits that, while sustainable as Martina talked about, they came to us in the latter part of the quarter and got finalized, and she and I sat down and said, you know what? This is a good time - Apple Pay is out in the market, price initiative [ph] out in the market. It’s a good season and quarter for us - let’s take some of this benefit and put it back into the system. Those kind of decisions are taken every week and every day by us together as a team. So overall, we haven’t changed our thinking about our business prospects from what we indicated at our investor day a few months ago--or rather, the two investor days.  The payments space is a terrific place to be. We are very confident in our ability to guide this company through the current mixed environment. We’re going to keep growing share and we’re going to keep driving the conversion of cash to electronic payments around the world. We expect to continue to deliver strong financial performance in the foreseeable future. So thank you so much for your continued support of our company. Thank you for taking the time to join us today.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen for participating. This concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Gasper – Head, IR Ajay Banga – President and CEO Martina Hund-Mejean – CFO
Analysts: Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Bob Napoli – William Blair Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies  Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Moshe Katri – Cowen & Co Jim Schneider – Goldman Sachs Chris Brendler – Stifel Nicolaus Craig Maurer - Autonomous Research Lisa Ellis - Sanford Bernstein Moshe Orenbuch – Credit Suisse 
Operator: Welcome to the MasterCard Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for today’s call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Christine, and good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining us for a discussion about our third quarter 2014 financial results. With me on the call today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask a question. Even if you think you have already dialed into the queue, you will need to register again following our prepared comments. This morning’s earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at mastercard.com. We’ve added a new table in the slide appendix to the deck that breaks out the impact of acquisitions as an easy reference for those of you who track that detail. These documents have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one week through November 6. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today’s earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today’s call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard’s future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our recent SEC filings. With that, I will now turn the call over to Ajay.
Ajay Banga: Thank you, Barbara. Good morning everybody. We had a good third quarter. We saw a net revenue growth of 13% along with net income and EPS growth rates of 15% and 19% respectively. So we delivered another quarter of strong results and we’ve continued the momentum you’ve seen from us over the course of this year, as we are navigating through I think what everybody would agree is a mixed global economic environment.  So let’s take a look at the underlying global economic trends for the quarter and let’s start with the US and there the recovery continues. Our SpendingPulse data showed sustained growth over the course of 2014. US retail sales ex automobiles in the third quarter were up 4.2% and that was a higher number than the second quarter growth of 3.8%.  However the monthly growth trend showed some deceleration with several sectors lodging, furniture furnishings, grocery experiencing some noticeable slowdowns in September. So these are mixed trends in the US but overall the underlying indications [have been] positive. In October, the consumer confidence index is up over September as well. Excluding the impact of the Chase de-conversion in both the second and third quarters, our core US GDP growth rate was roughly the same.  Europe’s recovery slowed in the third quarter. Annual PCE growth projections have been revised down from 3.5% to 3.1% and our SpendingPulse data for the UK also showed third quarter retail sales ex auto growth slowed to 2.9%, down from the 4.8% growth that we saw in the second quarter.  Consumer confidence economic sentiment also down slightly but unemployment levels continued to show improvement across the region. MasterCard’s total European volume growth for the third quarter was in the low teens and process transaction growth in the high-teens, about the same as the last quarter. And the region’s growth was driven by a number of countries, including Russia, Turkey and Sweden.  In Latin America, our third quarter SpendingPulse data for Brazil showed retail sales growth of 2.5%, down from 4.1% in the second quarter. Across the region, annual GDP growth expectations were also revised down from 2.3 to 1.3. The primary exception in this whole thing is Mexico where they continued to benefit from improving exports to the US and our business in the region remains solid. Third quarter GDP and process transaction growth is in the mid-teens, again about the same as last quarter.  In Asia Pacific, there is a decline in business sentiment in the third quarter, mostly because of everybody’s being concerned about the economic slowdown in China but consumer confidence held steady. And our business in the region continues to do well, GDP growth in the mid-teens, process transaction growth in the mid-20s in the third quarter, down slightly from last quarter.  So in summary, the economic environment is mixed. The US is in relatively decent shape. We’ve got some challenges in Europe and Brazil that we will keep our eye on but we are not seeing anything to cause us immediate concern and you will hear that from Martina when she updates you on our October trend volumes. So before we go to our business highlights, a couple of legal and regulatory matters. First of all, nothing to report new on the European legislation. The council of ministers continues their discussions regarding the proposed legislation. We remain actively engaged with all parties. We still believe that the proposed legislation is most likely to be adopted sometime in the first half of 2015.  Now Russia. As you know, there are some new amendments to their national payments law. These have just recently been signed into law. What those amendments do is principally two things. And the first is the deadline for compliance has now been extended further to March 31, 2015. And the second is related to local processing. As you know, the original law required us to find a local processing partner for domestic transactions. And we’d begun to do that through an RFP process.  The new amendments clarify that the local processing partner will now be the central bank’s new domestic switch. So we clearly need to work out all the operational details to connect to this new switch but nothing else has really changed in terms of being able to issue MasterCard branded cards for use in the Russian market, or for that matter, the potential financial impact of this new law for us. If you recall in the last quarter earnings call, we had given some idea of the dimensions of that financial impact and our best estimate continues to be something less than $50 million on an annualized basis.  You’ve probably also seen some recent news stories about the Chinese government announcing that it will allow qualified domestic and foreign companies to apply for domestic bank card switching in China. This is the first of many steps, we will get to know what it will take to become a qualifying institution, nor do we know what the broader regulatory framework will look like. And of course, there is no -- right now, no indication of timing. So while we are awaiting all these details, the fact is we are pleased with the announcement. We see it as a good step in the right direction.  So with that, we’ll move on to some of our recent business activity. You’ve kind of heard from us during the recent investor days in September and you’ve had an opportunity to see first-hand a number of the product and service innovations we are rolling out. So rather than go back over the deals and the innovations, I am only going to pick a few items that we may not have talked about in those inventor days.  A year ago on this call, we talked about tokenization, the development that everybody was focused on in the area of payment safety and security. We talked about how we were working with the broader group that included technology companies and merchants and trying to create better consumer and merchant experiences while ensuring safer and more secure transactions. And for the recent launch of Apple Pay will only help with the convergence of the physical and digital worlds and we are actually pleased to be working in partnership with Apple, and they are using our digital technology and our security protocol to enable MasterCard credit and debit cardholders to use Apple Pay. It is the simplicity of Apple Pay that makes it attractive, the ability to make a payment with as little as your fingerprint.  We’ve worked closer with Apple over the last two years and helped them deliver a user-friendly safe payment experience. We’ve provided the most secure combination of payment technology [indiscernible] more issuers continue to sign up. I think the most current number is something like 500 and is growing.  Now of course, Apply Pay has gotten a lot of attention. However there are many other elements of mobile payments and we are working with all of them. And our strategy has been to work with all players to ensure that we have the capabilities to meet the needs of different market models and make choices available to consumers. So our most consumers have a phone, a number of them have PC, a tablet, a game system, a connected appliance and increasingly connected cars. So our innovations using MasterPass are all designed to work across all of those devices.  As many of you saw last month at our investor days, you saw a number of those devices actually in operation. So remember that tokenization used by all of these digital payment options is based on an industry open standard that the networks have developed together. As a result, others will be able to leverage this technology to enable secure digital transactions across any device, think of it like EMV, an open industry standard that allowed all issuers to issue cards with chips that conform to that open industry standard. That’s what this tokenization is all about. Now all these new mobile payment options are putting more focus on contactless. And we continue to drive contactless technology which is a key component of our cash displacement efforts. Momentum is building globally. All terminals are being replaced with new ones that are contactless enabled while being installed.  Australia is leading in the adoption of contactless payments. More than half of all face-to-face transactions under $107 are now contactless. We are also seeing progress in countries such as Canada, in Turkey, in Poland and just recently in the UK we worked with Transport for London to expand contactless payments to the underground, enabling commuters to use their credit, debit and prepaid cards across London’s entire transit system.  In the first two weeks alone, over 1 million contactless journeys were taken. And this adds to the list of transit agencies around the world whom we are collaborating with, we’re trying [ph] to use our thought leadership in the transit space to migrate their riders from cash to electronic payments.  So Apple Pay and Transport for London are just a couple of recent examples of how we are creating better shopping experiences for our cardholders using contactless technology. As you know, we just opened our new technology hub in New York City earlier this month. And we’re just continuing to invest in innovation designed to make payments easier and safer.  There are a couple of examples that demonstrate how we’re creating a better cross-border shopping experience. In this quarter, we announced a partnership with Transforex. This is a company that is working with 7 leading tax groups in China to launch the largest tax refund platform in China. Chinese travelers leave as much as €3 billion worth of tax refunds unclaimed. The idea of this new platform will make the tax refund process much easier for the Chinese travelers by enabling them to receive their refund back to their MasterCard and do it all from the comfort of their own home when they return from that trip.  In South Africa, our prepaid program manager, Access Prepaid Worldwide is working with the VAT Refund Administrator of the South African revenue service to migrate their single currency refund card to a four-currency MasterCard prepaid program allowing tourists to reclaim their VAT as they leave the country. So that’s just two examples in that tax refund space. Finally, our work with governments continues to grow. We’ve talked about this a few times in the context of developing markets and financial inclusion. But we are actually doing a lot work with governments in the developed markets as well. So for example, the UK government has awarded the Royal Bank of Scotland the contract for their e-purchasing card. Over the next two years, all 17 central government departments, the Ministry of Defense and some regional governments will migrate their existing government purchasing cards to MasterCard’s purchase and pay solution, it kind of combines our multi-card smart data and inControl technologies.  And of course, we are continuing to add programs focused on financial inclusion in the developing markets, and I will give you a couple of examples. In Mexico, BANSEFI is converting their entire $6.5 million social benefits card portfolio to MasterCard debit and that’s going to be enabled with the EMV chip technology. And in Africa, EcoCash which is a mobile money provider in Zimbabwe launched the MasterCard Companion debit card that’s linked to their mobile money wallet, a first in Africa by the way. The card will be issued to more than 3 million EcoCash customers making it the largest rollout of EMV cards in Zimbabwe to date.  So with that, let me turn the call over to Martina for an update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks, Ajay and good morning everyone. Let me begin on Page 3 of our slide deck where you see the as-reported as well as the FX-adjusted growth rates. All of my comments pertain to the FX-adjusted figures, which are essentially the same as our as-reported numbers. We’re very pleased to deliver strong performance again this quarter. Net revenue growth was 13%. This combined with operating expense growth of 12% and a lower tax rate resulted in a 15% increase in net income.  EPS growth was 19% and share repurchases contributed $0.04 per share. During the third quarter, we repurchased 5.3 million shares at a cost of approximately $400 million, which reflects a slower pace of buybacks we expected. Through October 23 we purchased an additional 1.7 million shares at a cost of approximately $120 million and we now have $310 million remaining under the current authorization. We continue to look to repurchase shares on an opportunistic basis.  Cash flow from operations was $1.4 billion and we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and other liquid investment of about $6.3 billion.  So let me turn to Page 4 where you can see the operational metrics for the third quarter. Our worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV was up 12% on a local currency basis, down slightly from last quarter. Overall our US GDV grew 7% which was down from last quarter. On the credit side, volume growth was 7%, down from last quarter, primarily due to the Chase de-conversion. Similar to last quarter, our US debit growth was 8%.  Outside of the US, volume growth was 14% on a local currency basis and continues to be driven by APMEA. Cross-border volume grew 15% on a local currency basis and that’s just slightly lower than the 16% we saw in the second quarter.  Growth in Europe APMEA was in the mid to high teens. Key contributors to this growth included the UK, Germany, Italy and Sweden. The deceleration of cross-border volume growth in markets like Canada, China and Russia continued into the third quarter.  Turning to Page 5, you would see, process transactions grew 10% globally to almost $11 billion. We continued to see double-digit growth in most regions. Growth was down from the 12% we saw in the second quarter primarily due to the US and Latin America. Now globally the number of cards grew 8% with 2.1 billion MasterCard and Maestro branded cards.  Let’s turn to Page 6 for some highlights on a few of our revenue line items. Overall net revenue growth was 13%. In total acquisitions contributed 3 PPT to our net revenue growth. Domestic assessments grew 7% while worldwide GDV grew 12%. This 5 PPT gap is primarily due to the lower than average revenue yields in many markets outside of the US, due to market structure, domestic payment schemes or a higher proportion of cash volume. This is similar to what we've seen in prior quarters.  Cross-border volume fees grew 13% while cross-border volume grew 15%. The gap between revenue and volume growth continues to be due for the most part to the higher mix of intra-European activity. But the gap is narrower this quarter versus what we saw in the recent quarters due to better mix with an increase in the proportion of Europeans traveling outside of Europe versus within Europe. Transaction processing fees grew 13% primarily driven by the 10% growth in process transactions and other revenues grew 38% driven largely by contribution from our Pinpoint acquisition as well as our Advisors business.  Moving onto page 7, you can see that total operating expenses was up12% in the quarter, in line with our expectations. Of this growth, 9 PPT was due to expenses related to the acquisitions along with our majority-owned HomeSend investment and were primarily in the G&A line.  Now when looking just at the 14% growth in G&A, our acquisitions contributed 11 PPT to the total growth, and the balance was driven mainly by the organic investments we're making in strategic initiatives. And finally, 19 million increase in D&A versus the same period last year continues to be the result of our growing level of capital expenditures, principally due to the additional investments in technology to support our strategic initiatives but also includes the impact of the amortization of intangible assets related to our recent acquisitions.  Turning to Slide 8, let’s discuss what we’ve seen in October through the 21st. Most of our business drivers are up compared to the third quarter. All of these have been factored into our full-year outlook. The numbers through October 21 are as follows: Starting with processed volume, we saw a global growth of 11%, up 1 percentage point from the third quarter.  In the US, our processed volume grew 7%, that’s very similar to what we saw last quarter. Processed volume outside the US grew 16%, about 2 PPT higher than the third quarter, primarily due to improvements that we see in Europe and in Latin America. Part of this is attributable to one of our deal wins in the Nordics as well as overall volume increases in both regions.  Globally processed transaction growth was 11%, 1 PPT higher than what we saw in the third quarter, also driven by improvements in Europe and in Latin America. And with respect to cross-border, our volumes grew at 17% globally, about 2 PPT higher than the third quarter, driven by improvements in Europe. And we saw a strong growth across most major markets, including contributions from online travel programs.  Looking forward, let's start with our long-term performance objectives for the 2013 through 2015 period which remain unchanged. We continue to believe that our business can deliver an 11% to 14% net revenue CAGR and at least 20% EPS CAGR. We are also committed to our annual operating margin target of at least 50%. Remember these objectives are on a constant currency basis and exclude new M&A activities.  Moving on, let me offer some commentary about full-year 2014 which is mostly unchanged from my comments last month at our investor day. Our expectation for full year net revenue growth before any contribution from acquisition is now slightly better than the low end of our three-year range we previously thought, due to our better-than-expected third-quarter revenue performance primarily due to higher underlying volume and transactions.  Additionally, while the pace of the Chase card attrition year to date has been essentially in line with our internal projections, the volume shift has been a bit slower than we initially anticipated. Therefore we now estimate less than half of the volume to roll-out this year with the remainder in 2015. We continue to expect about 1 PPP contribution to our 2014 as reported net revenue growth from our M&A transactions.  Overall we haven't changed our view about total operating expense growth for full year 2014 from what we said last month at investor day. We expect the as reported growth rate for full year 2014 to be in the low teens after considering the impact from M&A activities, and this does include high teens growth in G&A and D&A growth in the 25% range, again totally in keeping with what we discussed previously.  Our view of potential EPS dilution from the 5 M&A deals that we also previously discussed continues to be about $0.05 annually for each of 2014 and 2015.  You should now assume a full-year tax rate of slightly below 32%. The change in outlook is primarily due to our third quarter tax rate coming in lower than we expected due to some discrete benefits that only became known as we finalized the quarter. And as I have said before, although the exact timing is uncertain, there may be some potential to lower our tax rate further as we continue to work on several initiatives geared at better aligning our tax structure with our non-US business footprint.  Finally with respect to FX in 2014, if the rates of our functional currencies remain similar to where they are today, so that’s the Euro trading at the 1.27 level and the Brazilian real at the 2.44 level for the rest of the year, the net impact of the euro and the real would be a slight headwind for the full year. Further beyond the functional currency impact of the euro and the real we have already seen a 1 PPT headwind to net revenue growth year to date from other currencies depreciating against the US dollar and the euro.  As I have said before, we carefully manage those exposures but we have also assumed some impact for the rest of this year which will likely continue into 2015.  So now let me turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session. 
Barbara Gasper: Thank you Martina. We’re now ready to begin the question-and-answer period. And in order to get to as many people as possible we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and then queue back in for additional questions. Christine?
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And our first question is from Bill Carcache of Nomura Securities. 
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities: It looks like your revenues per dollar volume reached an all-time high this quarter. Can you remind us how you think about this metric and how sustainable it is at these levels? And then separately, I was hoping that there has been some evidence of competition becoming more intense in the co-brand spaces, some contracts have come up for renewal. I was hoping that you could just comment on what you're seeing there? Thank you.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So I am going to take the first question, Bill. Look, how we look at revenues is -- not every revenue is driven equally. We have domestic assessment fees which are predominantly driven by the volume and the volume growth that we have all around the world. And there you have to make some significant differentiation between how much is driven domestically versus how much is driven cross-border. So the mix is very important on that.  Secondly, in a number of countries, we’re actually processing most of the volume and that is when we get an additional transaction processing fee but there are a number of countries where we are not processing the volume, so that is also driving the mix in terms of how much we are processing in a country and where you see the growth on that versus where we are not processing and where you’re using the growth in that, that is very much an impact. Further on this quarter's numbers, you did also see an impact on the – from the recent acquisitions that we did and you see that in the other revenue line item which increased by 38% and that is mostly driven by the terrific acquisition that we did down in Australia, the company is called Pinpoint and it’s a play in the loyalty space. 
Ajay Banga: Bill, it’s Ajay. About the co-brand space, actually the co-brand space has been pretty competitive for quite a while. I have talked about it a number of times in the earnings calls about how we’re going about trying to be players wherein we [ph] win there regularly. And we have been winning a number of deals there. In fact, I didn’t mention it this time because over the investor day period and then we’ve talked about this a little while but for example, we won RAI [ph] over the course of this quarter – it’s every quarter that deals would come and go in the US and overseas. And that’s a competitive space, as I think new in that space. I think the one development that’s interesting in that space has happened over time is that more and more the merchant driven co-brands tend to be driven with an issuer and the network is being separately approached during the course of the co-brand process. Years ago, it used to be that they were done together. That’s kind of a trend that's pretty much changed – pretty clearly in the US, not so much overseas. So it’s a competitive space and it’s a space that you have to be very careful about both in terms of pricing but also in terms of the value-added features that you can bring to the party when you try and go win that co-brand. And you will kind of win some, you won’t win all of them, so nothing new on that space.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Smitti [ph] of Morgan Stanley. 
Unidentified Analyst: Maybe just a follow up on the other revenue line items. Can you just help us maybe rank order the various pieces of the business that are in there, I mean loyalty advisors, data analytics, repaid and then from maybe largest to smallest and also just wanted to get some additional perspective on how meaningful data analytics is to the revenue contribution today and given the progress that you’ve highlighted at the analyst day on this front?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Look, Smitti, the other revenue line item is driven by a lot of different things. Certainly some of the items that you have been calling out i.e. our loyalty business and it’s not just the Pinpoint business, that have actually very thriving big loyalty business across-the-board in a number of our regions. It’s one of the big drivers in there. Our advisors business which actually consists of three different pieces, quite a few of the revenues that are related to those pieces both in the consulting side as well as in the data side is actually related to that. And then we have a number of other businesses, little bit on the program management that we are doing out of Access Prepaid et cetera that are driving that line item and I'm very pleased to say actually that all of those businesses are growing very nicely. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Bob Napoli of William Blair.
Bob Napoli – William Blair: Just on the Apple Pay, I was wondering if you could maybe give a little bit of color on what you’ve seen from your customers and uploading and then how do you balance working with Apple Pay and with your MasterPass product and with other wallets – are there conflicts in there that you have and -- so that would be helpful, a little more color on that. 
Ajay Banga: Bob, it’s Ajay. The people signing up for Apple Pay is actually pretty good. I would say the first few weeks have been very encouraging. You see us in – if you’d been to the Giants game and Kansas City Royals game in the San Francisco stadium, which unfortunately I didn't go to see even though I was hanging around in San Francisco, but I met a number of people who have been there. We were using and demonstrating the work of Apple Pay for purchasing in the stadium, we had advertising, we had activities and promotions going on in there. So there are a lot going on in the Apple Pay space right now. I don’t know that I would sort of agree that it conflicts with the stuff that we're doing in anywhere else in mobile. I think you have to think of mobile and digital as a very wide space. One of those spaces – I have been looking at many different aspects to it. One aspect to it is are you going to put your credentials on the phone like in Apple, but are you going to do it through postcard emulation which is what many others will do, or are you going to do it through NFC like Apple, or is it in app like Apple or is it browser based like others. There are so many elements through mobile and digital commerce, I wouldn’t call it conflicts, I’d rather think that there is a lot of opportunity and lot of open space.  The objective of MasterPass – MasterPass is not just a wallet by the way – please don’t think of it like somebody else’s wallet, it’s not. MasterPass is a broad set of technologies, it’s got wallet, yes, which is both wallet branded as MasterPass but also a wallet servers for our issuers and merchants. We do value-added services with MasterPass, loyalty programs will be in there. In the future there will be new additive ideas in that but I would label cost [ph] could be in there, in-store checkout is coming in there, online is already there with MasterPass. So it’s got a bunch of things in it, and those full elements of the MasterPass strategy is what we are rolling out around the world. We are now in 11 countries, the US plus 10 others, Australia, Canada, China, Italy, New Zealand, Poland, Romania, Singapore, South Africa, UK, others. We are adding Taiwan soon. So we are in a number of countries with MasterPass, we are working with different banks of different sizes in these countries ranging from Commonwealth bank and WestBank [ph] in Australia and New Zealand to BMO in Canada, with Citibank and Credit Union in the US to Standard Bank in South Africa. So it’s got all that going on, there is 40,000 plus merchant signed up, I got to see this as being a series of parallel activities which are all aimed at providing choices to consumers. And once you do that, then they are going to walk with their wallets on their feet on where they go and we want to be able to be the provider of that space. We are not in the consumer business directly. We are a B2B2C company and therefore we are trying to be that in every piece of what we do. 
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Kupferberg of Jefferies.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies : Thanks guys. Just to start, can you just clarify what the cross-border volume growth ex Western Europe would have been and then can you separately clarify your stance on when you might implement tokenization pricing? We know that you’ve got the rate card out there but your biggest competitor has obviously said they are waiving those fees through 2015, so just wondering if the same is true for MasterCard?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, on the latter question, it’s exactly the same. And on the first question, from a cross-border ex Europe, typically we don’t give these numbers but it's not too different, if you’re actually excluding Europe for the MasterCard volume side. 
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies : So you are waiving your pricing through 2015 as well?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes.
Ajay Banga: Yes, that’s actually out in the market. We said we’d only put it in there starting at the end of 2015. We put out our card and said, we will do it early 2016. So that’s not new position [ph].
Operator: Our next question is from Darrin Peller of Barclays. 
Darrin Peller – Barclays Capital: Just on the cross-border growth rate, I think you mentioned, Martina, earlier that the spread narrowed a bit more because of the mix, in terms of intra-Europe versus people traveling from Europe to elsewhere, so that’s good to see. I guess just if you could touch on were there still any lingering additional pricing changes in that line and then maybe if you could just comment on the potential for merchant assessment change on the horizon as well?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah, so first of all, on the pricing side, there is no impact from pricing in that line item. And in fact when you look at our entire revenue growth there is really no material impact at all on pricing as most of you know our main pricing actions that we took some time ago have been pretty much all lapping with the second quarter of 2014. So you are just not seeing that in this quarter at this point in time.  And in terms of future pricing actions, look, first of all, we are not going after pricing in order to make our top line, so when you actually look at the 2013 to 2015 long-term performance objectives we have relatively small aligned pricing embedded in that. And if there were to be any changes, we will be talking about it when they were to be evident in our financials but we don't really see anything at this point in time. 
Ajay Banga: You’ve just got to remember we’ve got thousands of lines of pricing in the system and there is some pricing we are going on in every country while we speak. So pricing is a part of the way we approach the entire marketplace. But I wouldn’t tell you that there is some strategic plan to put in some new price starting on a particular date next year kind of stuff. That’s not currently in our outlook.
Operator: Our next question is from Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank. 
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank: Hi, just want to ask on the Chase card transition. Are we a quarter of the way through that, or just trying to get a sense of that through the third quarter ’14? And then secondly on FX, Martina, maybe you could just help us to make sure we’ve got it right. Are we looking at 2 to 3 points or in the fourth quarter for FX headwind and then if rates held today, I just want to start to set our models for next year, is it about the similar 2 to 3 point FX headwind for next year as well?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Your first question was –
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank: Just on Chase migration, just want to make sure where we are so far?
Martina Hund-Mejean: On the Chase migration, so what we said actually for when you look at all of 2014 we probably have less than half of the Chase volume rolling off. So you would still have some impact for 2015 and the way that it has been rolling off as we said before we didn’t see much in the first and second quarter, we saw more in the third quarter. And I think you should see more in the fourth quarter. This is all subject to our own estimation. We don't really have a schedule from the customer but this is the best that we can at least get our hands around it based on what we see today. From an FX point of view, for the fourth quarter, we are going to see a little bit of an impact on two things, one from a functional currency point of view. You're going to see about a 2 to 3 PPT impact on all line items and then from a local currency point to view, so those are the currency rates, other than the euro and the real. So those are all the foreign exchange payers that are excluded on that versus the US dollar and versus the euro, we think we’re going to probably see another one PPT impact for the fourth quarter, and that’s very similar to what we saw in the first, second and third quarter. 
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank: And then into 2015 if rates stay the same?
Martina Hund-Mejean: You should expect some headwind of course given the strength of the US dollar versus many currencies in the world.
Operator: Our next question is from Moshe Katri of Cowen & Co.
Moshe Katri – Cowen & Co: You said quite an impressive success in gaining share in Europe, was in Europe during the past year or two. Is there any way to kind of talk about this in the context of how MasterCard has been competing against Visa Europe and have they been losing market share to MasterCard? Any color on that will be helpful.
Ajay Banga: [We’ve been going on] for a few years. I think if you look at the whatever public information that is available for Visa Europe you will find and there is some available, you will find that they themselves talk about losing share to us in the course of the last couple of years there. How we are competing is – it’s not just the Visa Europe, we are competing around the world with a series of different things but obviously everybody starts with the conversation around what’s the financial impact for anyone at the other end of the deal. But we’ve tried to talk about all the things we do with advisors, all the things we do with data, all the things that we can do with loyalty, and rewards and that’s – processing, if you look at our strategic plan, we used to add all those value-added services, so we can be a better service to the issuing community. And Europe is reflective of that very approach and if you look at the acquisitions we are doing, we’ve had success in acquiring stuff in Europe as well both in the prepaid programs space as well as in the space of loyalty and rewards. That’s what we are up to. So it’s pretty much the same around the world.
Operator: Our next question is from James Schneider of Goldman Sachs.
Jim Schneider – Goldman Sachs: Understanding that it’s very early days with respect to China and there are still a lot of details to understand. Can you maybe share with us your approach to the overall Chinese market and how that might differ from other geographies specifically the existence of UnionPay and new entrants likely Alipay in that market and how you might plan to attack the market generally speaking from a top level perspective?
Ajay Banga: So over the last couple of years, what we have done there three or four years is that before this whole announcement we were allowed to do – was to do no domestic processing but we were clearly the cobranded card is what you could be with China UnionPay so that when Chinese traveled overseas they could use their cards. Over the last few years all the new co-brand cards that were being announced, I think we were the winner and the overwhelming majority of them, I am talking 90 plus percent of those deals over the last two years. And that helped us a great deal in terms of changing our market share on the ground on cards issued in China, where the flow of new cards issued was all coming our way when they were co-brand. In the meanwhile China UnionPay both operates in China and also have begun to strike over the last many years bilateral deals for acceptance outside of China. The impact of those depends on the marketplace, whether it’s Hong Kong they’re obviously stronger there, if it's the United States way weaker. And so in addition to the fact that we had to compete on the ground in China you have to be thoughtful about what is going on with these bilateral acceptance deals. And we went and stuck partnerships with China UnionPay to help them where they are expanding some acceptance in return for expanding our acceptance in China. So when someone like you went there, your MasterCard as I hope you carry issued here was being used in China in as many places as possible. That’s kind of the way we were working, kind of like a partner but with a clear acknowledgment that they were in a position that gave them a monopoly benefit inside of China and yet were an interesting partner to play with. That’s the way we were approaching China.  Meanwhile we were also dealing with the Alibabas and Alipays and the TenCents of the world and in fact, we signed work with the Alibaba and Alipay where we were helping them think about cross border acceptance for their websites and helping them tackle fraud and counterfeit goods on their websites and so on.  Now when that changes, with this announcement, it doesn’t change yet. The announcement just indicates the direction is there but remember this announcement is innovated now for quite a few months ever since the WTO ruling had its deadline set up. So what’s really going to matter is how they propose the regulations, what’s called a qualifying company, would we need to be constructed differently in China to be eligible to be a qualifying company, or would we be allowed to participate there with the domestic processing capability? I don’t know the answers to all that yet but in general we’ve already made a number of steps that I will not competitively disclose that allow me to be relatively confident that when they make the right moves we will be able to respond. That’s kind of where we are. You had a question there about – how does that differ from other markets – well, there isn’t a lot of other examples where a domestically mandated monopolistic switch exists, that’s not been our experience. You could have banks coming together to create domestic debit schemes like Europe used to have in many countries which have been [ph] on the payment systems directive, have actually opened that up and that’s one of the ways they are growing in Europe, we are seeing more and more domestic transactions in the developed European countries as well. But – and then there are similar domestically handled – domestic debit switches in Australia and Canada, so dealing with domestic debit switches and domestic debit systems is something we’ve had experience on for 30 years. It’s just that China was uniquely different because not only did you have a domestic switch for debit, it is for every card being processed there issued domestically was controlled in terms of who could handle that transaction on the ground.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Chris Brendler of Stifel. 
Chris Brendler – Stifel Nicolaus: I wanted to ask about the Asia-Pacific market for a second. Looks like the growth rate there has slowed down a little bit, now midteens on an FX adjusted basis, as well as it’s been basically since the crisis. Is that mostly the Russian impact? I know there is also some macro weakness in that area. But fundamentally do you expect the Asia-Pacific market to return to just the historical stronger growth rates over the medium-term, or is it -- that markets are restructuring getting more further along on the secular shift to electronic payments, not much secular growth available, that will be helpful, thanks. 
Ajay Banga: I think secular growth in Asia is still very much available. The level of cash utilization in the Asian market is the highest probably around the world other than a few Latin American markets. I mean China and India are still in the 95 to 99 plus percentage of transactions being in cash, and that even Japan which is a developed country in that part of the world has a 75% to 80% cash percentage in its transaction in the country. So I'd be very careful to think that secular growth in Asia is beginning to slow. I think the real issue in Asia – by the way when you start – when you grow at 15%, 20%, you’re not growing at 21 of 22%, big deal. And just you should take that in this context.  And it’s still growing very rapidly and ASEAN is probably growing faster than mainland China just because mainland China is genuinely facing a change not just in its GDP growth rate but in the manner of spending on the ground in China with all the different efforts of the leadership of the Chinese government is putting into place on what’s going on in the ground. So that’s kind of two or three things going on there in China. India itself had slowed down over the last few years. It’s actually with the new government beginning to pick up again. So there is movement in economic growth indicators around there. There isn't much impact from Russia into Asia, that's not what I would lay as the main cause of what we are discussing, it’s both the macro growth factors of China and then at the low level of India, ASEAN continuing to doing well, Australia slowed a little bit over time as the commodity boom has slowed. You know Japan is going through its own stresses and changes. But don’t conclude – at least I wouldn’t yet, that the secular growth rate of cash converting to electronic in Asia is yesterday story. I think that’s the moral story yet to come.
Chris Brendler – Stifel Nicolaus: Just on that topic, since you mentioned it. I mean India with its plans to leverage national payment scheme like RuPay and it’s not clear at this point how big of a role you guys can play. How should we be thinking about the opportunity in India? I guess my question was more about -- markets like Hong Kong and Australia that are very highly card penetrated, you're not thinking about India as a huge opportunity for MasterCard but maybe that’s not the right way of thinking about it, is India still a very much a greenfield for MasterCard?
Ajay Banga: Yes.
Martina Hund-Mejean: And we have some significant growth there and it’s growing actually by quarter.
Ajay Banga: It is. Absolutely it is a significant opportunity. I mean RuPay is not a government mandated local monopoly unlike China UnionPay. RuPay is an effort by the government to create a national payment switch that operates in parallel and competitive about us and Visa and others. And clearly when you have a government switch they get certain benefit. Guess what I was saying, we've used to dealing with the domestic switches in a number of countries, that’s kind of been true for Europe for the last so many years, it’s true for Mexico, it’s true for Canada, it used to be the case in a number of Latin countries, it’s around the world. We do that -- we can compete on a level playing field because technology is superior, fraud capability, data analytics, the ability to do things with local banks, we can do that. So I still consider India to be an enormous growth opportunity. Just as by the way I consider China to be an enormous growth opportunity. And by the way I consider Australia to be an enormous growth opportunity given the relative the penetration of cards, because even now the percentage of retail transactions in Australia that are cash versus electronic are still in the majority. That’s why contactless in Australia has been doing so well for the past two years. A large number of the retail transactions that were cash in Australia was small ticket and Australia contactless first started doing well in small tickets and now it’s moved up. That’s why understanding all the way up to Australian 100 dollars, more than half of those transactions in just two years have migrated to contactless, that’s almost all of it is fighting what used to be cash.  So it’s pretty interesting what’s going on in that part of the world. As it is the other parts of the world.
Chris Brendler – Stifel Nicolaus: I’ve risked of rules violation here but you mentioned it – one more question on that topic. Australia, is there still a surcharging headwind there or has that abated somewhat, so thinking about these small ticket transactions, I have seen that 30, potentially 40% of retailers potentially surcharge in Australia, is that – 
Ajay Banga: No, no, that’s not true. You get surcharging in a great deal from online transactions where people don’t have much choice. And that’s always been an issue but in the real world out there, yes, surcharging is but it’s a small number, it changes over the period of quarters and I don’t consider that to be an issue. This is what I would like to see because I believe that consumers should be able to pay with whatever way they like to pay without having to face surcharges, and then by the way the Australian central bank has come back and put in restrictions on the level of surcharge for that very reason. So there is a lot of stuff going on in the marketplace down there, and guess what, that’s our life, it happens in different countries, I still consider Australia to be a growth partner. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Craig Maurer of Autonomous Research.
Craig Maurer - Autonomous Research: Two questions, considering the slower de-conversion at Chase, when you now expect co-brand winds could start to offset that de-converion and additionally we saw the growth in Maestro cards continue to fall and drop to flat, should we expect to see that turn negative in the coming quarters?
Martina Hund-Mejean: On the first one, Craig, we had always had our wins in the co-brand space, will be offsetting the Chase de-conversion over time. So that we are not talking quarters, we are talking over a couple of years. And you will see that coming in from a volume point of view, already seeing some of the co-brand wins actually coming in and you will see that more coming in next year. In terms of the growth of the Maestro cards, look, the Maestro business is very good and very live and what we are doing around the globe is that from time to time we are giving – we are working with our clients in terms of whether the Maestro product is appropriate or whether they would like to go with MasterCard debit card and you will see a number of switches in terms of where portfolios are going simply because of the kind of product construct and services that our customers are demanding. So that’s really what you are seeing going on, it is more switching from a Maestro to a MasterCard debit card portfolio.
Ajay Banga: Craig, I would like to just make sure that the Chase de-conversion issue doesn’t overtake what everybody is thinking. So just try to think through for a second. The co-brand cards have a certain vintage built-up, all cards have that behaviour. The Chase cards were already vintage. When they go up, they go up for the certain volume spend pattern. New cards take some time to build up to that pattern. You will see in the number of cards being issued that the US is continuing to do well and frankly despite losing the Chase de-conversion of the consumer business that you are seeing, you are seeing that our GDV is still doing okay, that’s because we are growing with the other cards as well as in the commercial space. So our portfolio is a healthy mix of many clients across many types of cards and what we are trying to do as we win and lose clients is still stay focused on growing the overall business in a tangible way. That’s what you are seeing. We’ve got 13% revenue growth this quarter, we had good revenue growth for the past few quarters through this so called Chase de-conversion. In the meanwhile by the way Chase has been a really good partner on a number of other cards they are doing with us, co-brands as well as large corporate. So life goes on from there and there are other wins that keep coming and going and that’s the context in which you should see our business portfolio. As I know you understand because we’ve travelled together a couple of times and we’ve talked about this. But I just want to make sure everybody on the call gets that picture. 
Operator: Our next question is from Lisa Ellis of Sanford Bernstein.
Lisa Ellis - Sanford Bernstein: I had a question – one quick follow up question on China UnionPay, I am wondering if you are seeing them at all in issuer negotiations outside of China, they have been making some noise on directly verified by us, that they are starting to get some traction signing contracts outside of China, let’s start with that.
Ajay Banga: So first of all, glad to hear a woman’s voice on the phone asking me a question. Honestly I haven’t seen what you are seeing. I have heard noise about it in Russia for sure when the whole situation with the sanctions happened. Clearly there was noise on the ground of issuers looking into possibility and I can understand that at that time although that didn’t go very far, in the meanwhile the law changed and has amended and adapted. So I think it depends where that goes. So I don’t know. And in my general perspective, bigger perspective on this is that given that 85% of the world’s retail transactions are still in cash, I am a little less fuss about every new effort being put into payments being a direct competitor as against being a part of the whole ecosystem that must fight cash have been talking about this for five years, cash is the real opportunity for a company like ours. And that’s what we are focused on. It doesn’t mean I am not competitive, trust me, I am very competitive on share and you would see that growing share quarter by quarter in markets around the world. But I don’t really view each entry or exit as a direct competitive issue. I view that as something you’re going to be careful of, but you’ve got to also realize that few players that are aiming at cash is probably a good thing.
Lisa Ellis - Sanford Bernstein: And then just quick follow up, in the emerging market programs you are doing like I think the one you mentioned in Nigeria where you’re partnering on sort of these mobile prepaid or other types of migrating on bank to bank via some sort of digital prepaid model. Can you give us some color on the economics to MasterCard of those types of programs? 
Martina Hund-Mejean: So Lisa, it’s Martina, let me start with that. First of all, typically in all of these agreements our normal pricing applies. So if we do [inaudible] if you just do, and see the volume from an assessment fee point of view, the price gets – there are no really changes on that. But you’re going to have -- when you think about it, when we start those kind of undertakings, so for instance in South Africa where we are much further along, we have 10 million cards out there for the social program, and people typically utilize those cards in such a way that they go to the ATM and pull out cash and then they pay at the merchant. That is typically a lower yielding transaction for us and then over time as we’re actually establishing the acceptance base in those merchants where they could be using the card and we are having programs in place, so people rather going to the ATM go directly to the merchant and [save up for the band] – they are not carrying cash around, et cetera et cetera, then we are starting to go into the higher yielding transactions.  So you have to look at this as an evolution, we first develop the infrastructure, it’s first being used in a lower yielding way, you see that coming through our numbers and in a number of ways. And then as we are migrating people to be using the cards at POS, you’re going to see higher yielding transactions coming through, and that is pretty much the experience that we have had so far on all of these programs. 
Ajay Banga: The only other thing I would add is beyond all digital, by the way, you’re talking digital programs – South Africa and Nigeria are cards with a chip on them in both biometric enabled, and South Africa is even voice enabled to be recognized at the back-office. But in Nigeria it’s the biometric card with a chip enabled card, and the other side is the payment card. It is mobile based in some markets but it’s also card based so the world food program example in Syrian refugees, and Lebanon, Jordan is also a card. It just depends on what's going on in that marketplace and its ecosystem. Building a mobile ecosystem for delivery of product to people at the disadvantage level, when you start a remittance, which is what the [impasse] type of thing is, that’s not easy because if that mobile system isn’t accepted at a shop, it’s not a lot of use to the consumer.  So I’d be careful to assume that it’s all about mobile, I think it’s about different ways of reaching these consumers and getting them into electronic payment system and then the revenue dynamics as Martina said low in the beginning because of higher cash use, you will see it in our numbers and in terms of the cash transactions and lower yield on those. And then hopefully over time the people will migrate towards being more in the system and using their cards at the point of sale, at which point of time you would see a bigger impact in our revenues. 
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Moshe Orenbuch of Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch – Credit Suisse : Most of my questions actually have been asked and answered. But I was hoping you could kind of give us a little more detail around the acquisition activity and how that shakes out. I mean Martina, you had said that at least one of them was already contributing to revenue and that there still would be this EPS dilution, can you talk about the revenue path and the earnings path as you go forward?
Martina Hund-Mejean: We are making acquisitions for a number of reasons. Some of the reasons like the Pinpoint acquisition as well as Provus, the processing entity that we bought in Turkey, it’s really because the building and expanding our business and they will be contributing over time to our topline. What you should be expecting from them in terms of how the loyalty space is growing, that’s how Pinpoint will be growling, what we are doing in the processing space in order to take Provus which are connecting to our processing in Turika [ph] and Poland together, you should be expecting them to grow based on how the processing space and the expansion grows. However we also made a couple of acquisitions which have basically built our skillset. Such as a company called [Sesame] where we acquired a terrific workforce, engineers, mostly based in India who really have a significant skillset in the digital and in the mobile space. That did not come with a lot of revenues but it came with a capability that we are now using for a number of engagements in the digital and in the mobile space. So clearly you will see more expenses coming through on that and that when you put everything together as we are in the early stages of integration you are seeing that $0.05 dilution in 2014 which we are expecting to be the same number in 2015.
Moshe Orenbuch – Credit Suisse : But some of that would have been money you would have spent anyway, wouldn’t it?
Ajay Banga: Exactly.
Moshe Orenbuch – Credit Suisse : So you are kind of penalizing yourself a little bit?
Ajay Banga: That’s a good way to penalize, Martina and I love doing that. And I will buy you a beer for that though. So guys, thank you all for your questions and Lisa, thank you for yours. And I will leave you with a closing thoughts. Yes, the global economic environment remains mixed but I think we are demonstrating that we can navigate through this pretty well and to this last question, you will see us continue to invest in our business, on products, on services, on technologies that are key to our strategy, not just organically but also through acquisitions. I really appreciate your continued support of the company. Thank you for being on the call today.
Operator: Thank you and thank you ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Barbara Gasper – Head, IR Ajay Banga – President and CEO Martina Hund-Mejean – CFO
Analysts:  Tien-tsin Huang – JP Morgan Bryan Keane – Deutsche Bank David Hochstim – Buckingham Research Sanjay Sakhrani – KBW Moshe Orenbuch – Credit Suisse Jim Schneider – Goldman Sachs Moshe Katri – Cowen & Co Darrin Peller – Barclays Capital Chris Brendler – Stifel Nicolaus James Friedman – Susquehanna Financial Group Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer & Co Bob Napoli – William Blair 
Operator: Welcome to the MasterCard’s Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for today’s call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Christine, and good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining us for a discussion about our second quarter 2014 financial results. With me on the call today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask a question. Even if you think you have already dialed into the queue, you will need to register again following our prepared comments. This morning’s earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at mastercard.com. These documents have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one week through August 7. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today’s earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today’s call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard’s future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our most recent SEC filings. With that, I will now turn the call over to Ajay Banga. Ajay?
Ajay Banga: Thank you, Barbara, and good morning everybody. So for the second quarter, we are very pleased to report a net revenue growth of 13%, both as-reported and adjusted for currency. That increase is driven by healthy volume and transaction growth, which resulted in net income growth of 10% as-reported or 9% adjusted for currency and an EPS growth of 14%. And these results include the impact of all the acquisitions that we’ve completed so far this year. So let’s start with looking at the underlying global economic trends with the United States where the economy seems to be improving but not without some challenges. Our second quarter SpendingPulse data showed U.S. retail sales, ex-auto, growing at 3.8% and that’s a noticeable improvement over the first quarter number of growth of 2.3%. However over that quarter, the monthly trend decelerated partially as a result of lower gasoline spending, which consumers did not appear to rollover into additional discretionary spend. Having said that, overall we think that current U.S. economic recovery is very much a work in progress. We see some favorable indicators, the continued improvement in unemployment figures, consumer confidence levels and so on. But in fact early indications for July retail sales, again ex-auto, are showing further improvement over the second quarter. But there are some factors that could weigh on that economic recovery, like the slowing recovery in housing and the improvement in unemployment coming in part from an upswing in part-time workers rather than just full-time positions. So despite those mixed segments, our U.S. business saw an improvement in the quarter, primarily driven by stronger growth in our consumer credit volume and continued good growth in commercial credit. Europe. Europe continues a slow recovery path. PCE growth projections remain unchanged for the year at 3.5%. Consumer confidence, economic sentiment, unemployment rates all continue to improve across the region. And if you add to this in the case of the U.K. in particular, our SpendingPulse data showed retail sales, ex-auto, growing by 4.8% in that quarter, one of the strongest rates in the last four years with growth specs evenly across the sectors. So MasterCard’s total European volume growth for the second quarter was in the low-teens, process transaction growth was in the high-teens, both a bit lower than the first quarter. The region’s growth was driven by number of countries including Russia, Turkey, Sweden and Italy. In Latin America, full-year GDP growth expectations for the region have been revised down from 2.5% to 2.3% because of slower than expected performance in some of the key countries including Brazil and Mexico. And our second quarter SpendingPulse data for Brazil shows that retail sales grew 4.1%, down from the 5.9% growth in the first quarter. And this by the way is the weakest growth rate since August of last year. On the other hand, the Mexican economy showed some improvement in the second quarter, and we believe that will continue as the U.S. economy improves. Our business in the region remains healthy, but it has slowed somewhat over the first quarter with second quarter GDP growth in the low-teens and process transaction growth remaining in the high-teens. Across the Asia Pacific region, business sentiment and consumer confidence were up with improvements in many countries tied to changes in their political environments. And our business in Asia Pacifica, Middle East, Africa continues to do well with process transaction growth remaining about 30% and GDP growth in the high-teens for the second quarter. So before we go to some of our business highlights, let me say a few words about a couple of legal and regulatory matters. And first with regards to the proposed European Interchange Legislation. Not much has changed since last quarter. We are actively engaged with all parties, while the Council of Ministers continues its review. And we still believe that the proposed legislation is most likely to be adopted sometime in the first half of 2015. Second, let’s talk about Russia. As you know, the Russians are implementing changes to their domestic payments market in the form of a new payments law, which will impact MasterCard. We are pursuing multiple options to comply with the new law while fulfilling our U.S. obligations. And according to that law, ownership of domestic Russian switching has to be majority controlled by a Russian entity and should use Russian technology in order to relieve a foreign payments network from the collateral requirement that is now been delayed by the way till October 31. The law provides some flexibility. And you were all aware of our RFP process to find the local switching partner as one part that we are pursuing. In addition, the processing center we currently have in Russia, we believe gives us the basis to build our own on-soil switching capabilities and we are exploring options to leverage that as well. Overall, we expect only minimal impact from the current Russia situation for our 2014 results. So that situation is still fluid as you all know, it’s difficult to put any future annualized impact into precise dollars, but if you look for a number, press for a number, our estimate today would be that our revenue could be impacted but something less than $50 million in its full calendar year of this effort. The exact amount along with any investment requirement for our on-soil switching capability will obviously depend on the final form of our operating concept in Russia. So let’s move on some of our recent business activity. First, talking about Russia. I want to tell that as we continue to work through the challenges there, our business continues to move forward. For example, we just renewed our business agreement with Alpha Bank, Russia’s largest private bank, and that should help us expand our existing partnership in issuing affluent cards and accelerating the growth of contactless technology in the Russian market. So let’s go beyond that to talk about how we deepen our relationships with merchants and leverage these into partnerships to grow our business. I am going to highlight some recent additional activity in that space, but not only with merchants but also with mobile operators and with governments. We’ve been investing in our merchant relationships over the past few years. They are now 40% of our customer facing people, sales people in the United States are dedicated to that space. Last quarter, I mentioned the Wal-Mart, Sam’s Club and Target wins. And this quarter, we got a few more to talk about. At the beginning of spring of 2015, BJ’s Wholesale Club will be converting their entire credit business to chip-enabled MasterCard credit cards. And we are very pleased to be chosen as BJ’s partner to help them deliver most secure solution for their cardholders. We’ve also had a couple of important renewals in our merchant co-bank business with Sears and Expedia, continuing our longstanding relationship with both of them. Outside of the U.S., MasterCard was selected as the co-brand partner for the Landmark Shukran credit card in the U.A.E. Landmark Group is one of the largest retail organizations in the Middle East, 1,800 stores. They also are the region’s largest retail loyalty program in seven countries with almost 6 million members. For us, our goodness of merchants is not just about co-brands. We are also working with merchants in a number of activities that leverage our other assets; Advisors, MasterCard Labs and so on. So using our Advisors’ data analytics, we are working with Expedia to help them improve the effectiveness of their marketing campaigns by identifying the best people to target, and with Shell and Williams-Sonoma to enhance their loyalty propositions. Another example, we work through the major cruise line to identify opportunities for them to reduce their costs by moving their B2B payments from check writing to ACH to purchasing costs and virtual card numbers using our in-control capability. And finally with MasterCard Labs, we’re bringing our partners together to help solve some of that business challenges. And one example, earlier this summer, MasterCard worked on this first ever in-flight wearable technology, Hackathon with American Airlines, where we gave our technology and our mentorship. We used technology tools like Simplify Commerce and MasterPass to develop wearable solutions for travel. Moving onto mobile. Last quarter, we talked about mobile as being just one of the many ways that consumers are shifting from physical to digital payments, and now it represents one of the most significant changes in our space. In this quarter we continue to develop and expand our partnerships with both, handset manufacturers and network operators. So a couple of examples. We worked with Samsung in Australia last year, if you remember, we continue to deepen that relationship by launching Russia’s first contactless mobile payment service with Russian Standard Bank using Samsung phones, Russian Standard’s mobile banking application and MasterCard’s Mobile NFC technology, our prepaid products and enhanced processing services. This partnership kind of brings our products and services together to deliver innovation in yet another market with Samsung. In Canada, Rogers Wireless, which is that country’s largest wireless service provider, they have got 9 million subscribers or so, recently launched their suretap wallet, and that’s got a MasterCard prepaid card embedded inside. That new application allows Rogers’ subscribers to use their NFC-enabled smartphones to make contactless payments which were already accepted for example in Canada in the 18 of the 20 largest merchants. Moving onto MasterPass. We’re continuing with our global expansion of MasterPass. MasterPass, as you know, is our got digital acceptance platform connecting consumers and merchants. In this quarter, MasterPass launched in Singapore, in Poland and South Africa. We are now up to 10 markets. We expect to do four more by the year-end. It’s more than a wallet by the way. It’s a platform which provides a safe and secure foundation to support multi-channel shopping and the ability to create innovative tools that you could use to enhance the consumer buying experience before, during and after the actual purchase. Over the next two years, we think we will be in all the markets that represent about 75% of our total volume. MasterPass have been designed from the start with tools that make it very easy for merchants and issuers to integrate with it. Last quarter, we launched our in-app payment capability. Now we’ve got a number of merchants. One example is Starbucks in Australia committed to including MasterPass in their apps. So finally, partnerships with governments and our efforts in financial inclusion. To drive this expansion, you’ve got to connect the right technologies and platforms. You’re going to prepaid and mobile payments with the network and then adapt them to a local marketplace. And the only way that happens is you have the right partnership between the public and private sector. We’re actually seeing the results of some of that work happen today. In the last two years, we’ve launched over 100 new programs, designed to bring access to millions and security to over 350 million people around the world who didn’t have access to financial products before these programs were launched. You already know what we’ve done in South Africa and Nigeria. And let me give you some more color with a few more examples this quarter. So in Pakistan, we are partnering with the Bank of Punjab to issue millions of prepaid cards with biometric recognition to the nearly 90% of the Pakistani population who are unbanked and receive funds from government disbursement programs. This program has helped the government of Pakistan improve their service, reduce inefficiencies, reduce leakage in the process. And in June, we announced the launch of the first Arabic mobile money implementation with the National Bank of Egypt and a mobile network, Etisalat. This service is called a Flous wallet, I hope I get that right, will allow Etisalat subscribers to transfer money, pay their bills, top-up their mobile phones and make purchases, either online or face-to-face. And also in June, Tabung Haji, the first and largest Islamic non-bank financial institution in the world launched their first Shariah-compliant debit MasterCard. So cardholders can use their card anywhere MasterCard is accepted including on their pilgrimage to Mecca and Medina. This event marks the beginning of broader collaboration with Tabung Haji in the Islamic payment space, and together we are supporting Malaysia’s economic transformation program to drive financial inclusion and to accelerate that country’s migration to electronic payments. So with that, let me turn the call over to Martina for an update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin on Page 3 of our slide deck, where you see the as-reported as well as the FX-adjusted growth rates. All of my comments pertain to the FX-adjusted figures, which are almost the same as the as-reported numbers. So we are very pleased with our strong performance this quarter. Net revenue growth was 13%. This combined with operating expenses growth of 14% resulted in a 9% increase in net income. While acquisitions had minimal impact on net revenue and net income in the quarter, they did contribute 3 PPT to operating expense growth. EPS growth was 14% and share repurchases contributed $0.04 per share. During the second quarter, we repurchased almost 16 million shares at a cost of approximately $1.2 billion. Through July 24, we purchased an additional 1.4 million shares at a cost of approximately $106 million, and we now have $728 million remaining under the current authorization. We will continue to look to repurchase shares on an opportunistic basis. Cash flow from operations was $729 million, and we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalent and other liquid investments of about $5.7 billion. So let me turn to Page 4, where you can see the operational metrics for the second quarter. Our worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV was up 13% on a local currency basis, down slightly from last quarter. Overall, our U.S. GDV grew 9% which was essentially the same as last quarter. On the credit side, we had strong volume growth of 10%. This was an increase from last quarter, driven by improvements in consumer credits with growth in high-single-digits and continued strong growth in commercial credit which was in the mid-teens. Similar to last quarter, our U.S. debit growth was 9%. Outside of the U.S., volume growth was 15% on a local currency basis. This continues to be driven by APMEA with high-teens growth. Cross-border volume grew 16% on a local currency basis, just slightly lower than the 17% we saw in the first quarter. Growth in both, APMEA and Europe was in the high-teens. Key contributors to this growth included the U.K., Italy and Sweden. The deceleration of cross-border volume growth in Canada and Brazil continued into the second quarter. And in addition, we saw a deceleration in Australia, Russia and China, with Australia likely due to currency. Turning to Page 5. Process transaction grew 12% globally to more than $10.6 billion. We continue to see double-digit growth in most regions. And globally, the number of cards grew 8% with over 2 billion MasterCard and Maestro branded cards. Now let’s turn to Page 6. And here we’re going to go through some insights on a few of our revenue line items. Domestic assessments grew 10%, while worldwide GDV grew 13%. This 3 PPT gap is primarily due to higher volume growth in markets with lower than average revenue yields. This lower yield continues to be impacted by two factors. The first is lower fees in some markets as a result of either local market structure, or the existing domestic schemes that we compete against. And the second is a higher proportion of cash volumes, particularly in emerging markets. Now the second factor actually does provide us with a good opportunity for future growth as we work to influence consumer behavior to use electronic forms of payment directly at the point-of-sale instead of cash. Cross-border volume fees grew 13% while cross-border volume grew 16%. After excluding the 4 PPT contribution from pricing, the resulting gap between revenue and volume growth continues to be due for the most part due to higher mix of intra-European activity. Transaction processing fees grew 14%, primarily driven by the 12% growth in process transactions. Overall, net revenue growth was 13% both, as-reported and FX-adjusted as the impact of the euro and the real al essentially offset each other. Beyond those two currencies, we still experienced some headwind, although a little less than last quarter from the weakening of the other local currencies, such as the Russian ruble, the Turkish lira, the Argentine peso and the Canadian dollar, and that was reflected mainly in the domestic assessment category. Let me move to Page 7. And here you can see total operating expenses were up 14% in the quarter, in line with our expectations. As I said before, 3 PPT was due to expenses related to acquisitions, which were mainly in the G&A line. So when looking specifically at the 19% growth in G&A, our acquisitions primarily C-SAM and Provus, along with the consolidation of our majority-owned HomeSend investment contributed 3 PPT. The balance of the growth is primarily due to the continued organic investments we are making in strategic initiatives. The decrease in advertising and marketing was mostly due to lower media spending relative to last year. And finally, the $20 million increase in D&A is the result of our growing level of capital expenditures, mainly associated with additional investments in technology to support initiatives like MasterPass and Priceless Cities. It also includes the impact of the amortization of intangible assets related to the acquisitions we made. Turning to Slide 8. Let’s discuss what we have seen in July through the 28th. Each of our business drivers is slightly down compared to the second quarter, but most are still in double-digits. All of this has been factored into our full-year outlook. So the numbers through Jul 28 are as follows. Starting with processed volume, we saw global growth of 11%, down slightly from the second quarter. In the U.S., our processed volume grew 8%, down 2 PPT from what we saw last quarter. As expected, we are now seeing more of an impact from the Chase migration. Process volume growth outside of the U.S. grew 14%, about 1 PPT lower than the second quarter, primarily due to some continued deceleration in Brazil, Russia and Canada. Globally, processed transaction growth was 10%, also by 2 PPT lower than what we saw in the second quarter including the Chase migration. And now with respect to cross-border. Our volume grew at a healthy 14% globally, about 2 PPT lower than second quarter. For the most part, this deceleration can be explained by three factors. The first is the timing of Ramadan, the impact of which we expect will reverse in August. Second, the impact of foreign exchange on consumer purchasing power in certain travel corridors, such as Canada to the U.S. And lastly, the impact of some government imposed taxes on foreign purchases, particularly from Brazil. Looking forward, let’s begin with our long-term performance objectives for the 2013 to 2015 period. We continue to believe that our business can deliver an 11% to 14% net revenue CAGR and at least 20% EPS CAGR. This includes our views on the developments related to Chase, Russia and the European regulations that we talked about. We also remain committed to our annual operating margin target of at least 50%. Remember, these objectives are on a constant currency basis and exclude new M&A activities. As we discussed at last year’s Investor Day, we are looking to add capabilities in strategic spaces such as loyalty, processing, mobile, information services and safety and security, both organically and inorganically. Over the past four to five years, we’ve looked at a large number of opportunities but only a few have met our strategic and financial criteria. Although it can often take many months to evaluate and close a deal, it just so happens that several have come to the finish line within a relatively short period this year. Our past acquisitions like Datacash and Access Prepaid, along with the five we’ve done so far this year. So that’s Provus, C-SAM, ECS, Pinpoint and our majority investment in HomeSend, all of these deals are un-point from a strategic perspective and help us grow our business. You should expect us to continue to evaluate more such investments. Now moving on, let me offer some commentary about 2014. So while M&A activities are not included in our performance objectives, we continue to get a lot of questions about how they will impact our as-reported financials. So let me take this opportunity to provide a little more color on that. As I discussed on last quarter’s earnings call, EPS dilution is expected to be $0.06 to $0.08 for the full-year 2014. Specifically, most of the impact will show up in the G&A line, and we expect G&A to increase by about $80 million in each of the two remaining quarters before considering any organic growth in G&A over last year. Including the impact of these acquisitions, the expected growth rate in G&A for the second half of the year will be in the high-teens. Now here are some additional thoughts about 2014 which are essentially unchanged since our last call. Our expectations of full-year net revenue growth remains at the low end of our three year range. The strong underlying close trends we are seeing in volume and transactions is allowing us to absorb the minimal impact expected from the Russian situation, as well as a good portion of the attrition that we anticipate from Chase this year. The pace of the Chase attrition during the second quarter was essentially in line with our internal projections, and we continue to believe most of it will occur in the latter half of this year with the remaining flowing over into 2015. In addition, we also continue to expect a 1 PPT contribution to our 2014 as-reported net revenue growth from our M&A transactions. Overall, we haven’t our changed our view about total operating expense growth from what we said in May, that we expect the as-reported growth rate for full-year 2014 to be in the low-teens after including the impact from M&A activities. Along with the growth in G&A that I just talked about, we continue to expect D&A growth in the 25% range for full-year 2014 due to our higher level of capital expenditures as well as the impact of amortizing intangible assets related to acquisitions. As a reminder, you should be reflecting roughly $10 million per quarter to account for the interest expense associated with the debt offering we launched in late March. When we look at the sell-side models out there, it appears that many of you still have not accounted for those in your other income and expense lines. For now, you should also continue to assume a full-year tax rate of about 32% but recognize that we’re still working on a number of initiatives to better align our tax structure with our business footprint which will likely result in a lower tax rate over time. Finally, with respect to foreign exchange in 2014. If those rates remain similar to where they are today, so that’s the euro trading at the 134 level and the Brazilian real at the 223 level for the rest of the year, the net impact of the euro and the real would be a slight tailwind for the full-year. Further, beyond the functional currency impact of the euro and the real, we have already seen almost 2 PPT headwinds to net revenue growth year-to-date from other currencies depreciating against the U.S. dollar and the euro. As I said before, we carefully manage those exposures, but we have also assumed some impact for the rest of the year. Now let me turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session. Barbara?
Barbara Gasper: Thanks Martina. We’re now ready to begin the question-and-answer period. Don’t forget my earlier comments, that if you dialed into the queue when you first joined the call, you will need to register again to ask a question. And in order to get to as many people as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and then queue back in for additional questions. Christine?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our first question is from Tien-tsin Huang of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Tien-tsin Huang – JP Morgan: Great, thanks. Thanks for all the details. Just want to ask on the cross-border yield, which was stronger than we expected. I heard there was some pricing that helped there, but can you also just comment on how sensitive your revenues can be from the FX volatility? I know that Visa has put that in our minds quite a bit, so curious how much settlement trading has an impact on your business, and also if this new pricing that you’ve put in is sustainable? Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So I am going to take this. Tien-tsin, it’s Martina. First of all, we said that we had in the quarter 4 PPT impact from pricing in the cross-border fees. Quite the majority of that is actually going to roll off next quarter, okay. Secondly, with respect to foreign exchange volatility. Our cross-border volumes are really only impacted from a foreign exchange volatility in terms of what the exchange rates are in terms of where people are actually transacting. What we do from a settlement trading revenue point of view, when we actually affect that exchange that is not reflected in the cross-border fees, it’s actually reflected in the transaction processing fee. And when we look at the foreign exchange volatility, it did go down over the last year or so, but in terms of an impact on our settlement trading fees, what’s relatively small, we’re talking about $10 million or so. So it was not a big factor for us at all.
Barbara Gasper: Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane – Deutsche Bank: Yes, hi guys. Just wanted to follow-up on the cross-border. Just trying to understand when we look at the competitors in your volume, your volume seems to be so much higher. Just trying to figure out how much of that is share gain, or is that just business mix? Obviously Europe plays a part in this. So if you can just help us understand kind of volumes versus the industry? Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, Bryan. So when we look at our cross-border, as I said, it was 16% this quarter. In the prior quarter, it was 17%. And when we pull out Europe in the prior quarter, we basically said it was the same number, 17% growth. When you look at this quarter, in the second quarter, and you pull out Europe, actually for the rest of the world, we grew 14%. So it all depends on mix in terms of where people are traveling to and what the overall mix comes out.
Operator: Thank you. Okay and…
Bryan Keane – Deutsche Bank: So I was just going to ask, any share gains there before – is share gains explaining a lot of this besides mix? I mean are you gaining share and taking away from competitors?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Look, I think it’s a number of factors. One is obviously what are you doing with the existing portfolio that you have of banks, and in terms of how you are pointing the portfolios to be able for people to really use those cards across borders and transact in other countries. Two, obviously there are some share gains in it, but I think you’re going to have to look at those very comprehensively that there are number of drivers.
Bryan Keane – Deutsche Bank: Okay, helpful. Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, I just want to correct one thing. When I said I pulled out Europe, it’s not all of our European regions, it’s really Western Europe, which is anonymous to where Visa Europe is operating.
Bryan Keane – Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our next question is from David Hochstim of Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
David Hochstim – Buckingham Research: Thanks. I wonder if you could just provide some more color on the consistent increase in growth in U.S. purchase volume we’ve seen over the last few quarters. Is most of that Citi reinvigorating the American Airlines co-brand or there are other things that are big contributors?
Ajay Banga: It’s Ajay. It’s a bunch of things. We’ve been winning some co-brands over time. Citi American is clearly one of them, but there are others too. And going against it is the roll-off of the Chase book, that’s been relatively slow in the first half, but its picking up as we expected in the second half. So it’s kind of an in and out over there that’s going on in the consumer part of the book. And our commercial traded book continues to do well. It’s a higher growth rate in the low to mid-teens kind of number compared to the number for the consumer book, but it’s a mix of two things that’s going on.
David Hochstim – Buckingham Research: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Sanjay Sakhrani of KBW. Please go ahead.
Sanjay Sakhrani – KBW: Thank you. I was hoping to just get a little bit more cadence on the rebate line given the Chase conversion is now underway. Could you just talk about how we should think about how that progresses through the rest of the year? Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Sir, I don’t think that you should be expecting any major surprises on that. So when you look at this year versus last year on a quarter-by-quarter basis, the only thing that you saw last year is that we had a little bit less of rebates in the second quarter, and a little bit more in the fourth quarter. So I think for this year, you should just expect a little bit more of an even distribution of that, i.e., you’re not going to see the fourth quarter going up in such a significant way.
Sanjay Sakhrani – KBW: And then maybe just for the year. It’s kind of comparable then?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Very comparable.
Sanjay Sakhrani – KBW: All right, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Moshe Orenbuch of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Moshe Orenbuch – Credit Suisse: Great, thanks. I wanted to kind of turn back to the acquisitions because I guess the guidance you gave us on revenues, 1% for the full-year. So that’s roughly $140 million. I mean, it sounds like the costs are still higher than that kind of on a run rate. So could you talk a little bit about how you see that progressing into ‘15 and ultimately – I understand that some of the acquisitions don’t have a ton of revenue coming with them. So could you just talk a little bit of how you think about them in terms of the returns that they are going to generate for the company?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, look, we are separating acquisitions really into two buckets. One bucket is capability set and the things that we really need to do in order to affect some of our strategies. I would put for instance a company like C-SAM in that. To be honest, C-SAM did not come with a lot of revenues, but they came with a huge amount of capabilities, over 200 engineers in India that are really very well trained in the mobile platforms and helping significant on our execution on the MasterPass arena. The other part of the acquisitions are buying fully fledged businesses like the business that we just closed, which is Pinpoint, and that came in literally at the end of the quarter. So you’re not seeing a lot of revenues there. That’s a fully vest business. It comes with revenues. It comes with expenses. And you will be seeing that coming in over the next couple of quarters, a more still given the other acquisitions on the expense line on the revenue line, but you should be accepting that over a number of years will be really helping – that these businesses really will be helping aiding our growth. From a dilution point of view, I already talked about the 6% to 8% in 2014. I think you should still expect some dilution in 2015, probably to the tune of half of that number.
Ajay Banga: Just remember that these acquisitions are lapped during the year. Different ones are done at different times of the year. The impact of that dilution will depend on that portion of the impact in the calendar, and that portion will run over into the next year as well. That’s what Martina is referring to. By and large, most of the deals we do, you would get – even if they’ve got revenue, there may be a dilution in the first year, because they are ending up either putting an investment into their capability to either raise that safety and security capabilities or their accounting and compliance capabilities to what we would feel comfortable. We have just given how that interfaces with the rest of our company. And so a lot of money goes into that effort, into upgrading the accounting, into upgrading the compliance, into upgrading their firewalls, into upgrading their safety systems, their capabilities inside with security, hiring of a few new people. That’s what goes into the first slot. That tends to create some dilution. Companies like C-SAM on the other hand are all about rolling out MasterPass and all that you want to do in the mobile space. As I said we’re in 10 countries already. That’s way more than anybody else is in. And by the way, we are adding four more by the end of the year. And in two years, we’re going to be in 75% of our GDV. I doubt we could have done that without the acquisition of C-SAM, and its inmate capability of that very talented workforce that they have.
Operator: Thanks.
Moshe Orenbuch – Credit Suisse: Just as to follow any comment on the current pipeline of future deals?
Ajay Banga: You will listen to us when we have a day to tell you about it.
Moshe Orenbuch – Credit Suisse: Thanks so much.
Ajay Banga: Honestly, we – I’ve been here these five years now almost. I think Martina and I have probably looked at 100 plus deals, right. And we have done two before this year, three maybe including Truaxis, which has capability small. And now you’ve added these five here. Some of the five we’ve done just now, like ECS, we’ve been – we bought a share in ECS two years ago and we’ve worked with them for two years before entering into this transaction. We’ve been working with C-SAM for well over two years as well. So lot of these deals, they are in the hopper for a while, and there are others in the hopper. I have just no ability to predict to you when exactly they may come to fruition, or frankly we’ll just get away from them because they don’t work either in a return sense or a management capability sense or a geography sense or a product set sense or – it’s going to fit one of those strategic means and that’s kind of how its constructed.
Moshe Orenbuch – Credit Suisse: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our next question is from Jim Schneider of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jim Schneider – Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could just comment on the domestic assessments yields that you mentioned, the lower yield trend you saw in Q2. How should we think about that trend continuing or reversing over the next few quarters, please?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Look, I think you should be thinking about that trend continuing. This is not a new trend. We had been seeing that for a number of years actually. And you will continue to see it as we are really growing in a major way in markets outside of the United States in many emerging markets where they have certain structures, and in some markets you have domestic schemes where you have to compete against. And so you’re going to have to align your pricing structure in that way. In addition to that, look at all of the things that we’re doing in the financial inclusion space. Ajay was talking a little bit about it. When people get an electronic payment means in their hand first. Typically, they’re accessing ATMs first and pulling cash out of the ATMs, and then they walk across the street to be buying something in the store. That is typically a lower yielding transaction for us. As we are actually working with those countries and with those consumers to be migrating them to be not going to the ATM but directly to the store, that is where you are going to see some movements from us in terms of being able to get a higher yield, but I think you should continue to see that trend for quite sometime to come.
Jim Schneider – Goldman Sachs: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Moshe Katri of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Moshe Katri – Cowen & Co: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Is it possible to quantify the impacts on the Chase conversion in terms of what’s embedded in your guidance for the year? And any sort of color on the potential margin or a yield impact from that? Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes. So, Moshe, actually all of that is comprehended in what my thought said about 2014 revenues. It’s also comprehended in the 2013 to 2015 performance targets that we laid out. It’s just – we saw only a little bit in the second quarter, right. You saw a little bit of an impact when you look in particular in our U.S. credit numbers even though they are very strong at the 8% range. And you are going to see more in the third and the fourth quarter. We think that a fairly large portion of the portfolio will be rolling off, but we also believe that some remaining portion of the portfolio will be rolling off in the first and the second quarter. As we told you before, we do not have a schedule from Chase so we don’t really know. This is all our own internal projections. And as we’re having in these earnings calls, we’ll update you.
Moshe Katri – Cowen & Co: And anything on yield or margin impacts?
Martina Hund-Mejean: On the yield, I think you should see some relatively same yields that you saw over the last couple of years. I think you should see very similar yields development going forward. There is not going to be too much of a difference.
Ajay Banga: Yes, remember our yield is comprised of many different things. It’s just not just one client, even if they are a decent sized one. It’s all to do with geography. It has to do with mix of products. It has to do with mix of clients. It has to do with so many factors that, trying to isolate that one client’s yield impact on MasterCard’s total. That’s the rat hole you’re going into.
Moshe Katri – Cowen & Co: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Darrin Peller of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Darrin Peller – Barclays Capital: Thanks guys. Trends, I mean even beyond cross-border on the top line look pretty strong, at least versus our estimates. I mean notably the transaction processing line in particular also, I mean it grew. And it grew materially faster than the actual transaction process growth itself again. Just so if you can give us a little more color on sort of what drives that difference? And then secondly, on the other revenue line. Anything that is notable there from the sequential revenue increase?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, okay. So first of all from a transaction processing fee point of view, you have a little bit of pricing in there which is by the way coming off in the third quarter, as you have a little bit of the acquisition revenues in there, okay. So while that is not a real driver on the total top line, at some acquisition revenues as in the transaction processing fees. And by the way some of that – some little acquisition revenues is also in the other growth line, but the over revenue growth line is really driven by a couple of factors. One, our Advisors consulting business is doing extremely well. This is the business that is really helping many, many banks as well as merchants around the world to be executing on the projects that they have to execute on. Secondly, you’re seeing our information services business, that is where we are actually doing the data utilization and really helping people to be analyzing some of the things that they would like to do. That is really coming to fruition. And lastly, we are also seeing some very nice growth with Access Prepaid. So for instance, we talked to you last quarter or the quarter before about Qantas. Some of these deals that Access Prepaid are doing are actually going into the line item.
Darrin Peller – Barclays Capital: All right. That’s helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Chris Brendler of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Chris Brendler – Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask sort of a large – a broader strategic question on pricing. It seems like you had a little bit of tailwind this quarter that is lapping and sort of gone away next quarter it sounds like. So not much pricing for the rest of this year. But as you look out, and I know you’re always opportunistic, but it seems like one of your largest competitors has been more drawing a line in the sand on pricing. And I was just wondering if that in anyway impacts your thinking and how you view pricing going forward relative to how you use pricing over the last four, five years? Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Well, we have to look at pricing in isolation. Pricing has to be part of the business and we have to be sure in terms of the value that our products develop that we put the right kind of pricing in the market in order to make sure that people are using our products. And from thereon, that is our pricing stats. And that has really not changed over the last few years I would say. So you see so for some years where we have fairly small pricing for some years, we have a little larger pricing. And I don’t think from a strategic point of view, we have seen changes in the market that would lead us to believe that we are changing our thinking on that.
Ajay Banga: My view is – by the way just to be clear, the impact of pricing in the second quarter of this year. Yes, there as some impact leftover in the cross-border area, but if you look at our total revenue growth for the quarter, there was very little impact from pricing. Just to be clear. That is there in the first quarter, it was not there in the second quarter. The second part of this is that if you look on our strategy on pricing. Our strategy on pricing is that we effectively look – there is so many lines of pricing in so many countries that people are always looking like Martina said for the opportunity at the right place where the value equation makes sense. I very consciously took pricing off the table as part of our guidance when I came, because I don’t believe that’s the strategy for the company. The strategy for our company to grow our franchise and to grow our revenue, and keep taking some pricing benefits as they come. And that’s what we are doing. And could you talk about how our numbers are doing this quarter or last quarter vis-à-vis any other competitor. I don’t even look at it as a traditional competitor. I look at our growth in the space of how much opportunity there is in our industry. And I think 13% revenue growth is a good place to be.
Chris Brendler – Stifel Nicolaus: I agree. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our next question is from James Friedman of Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
James Friedman – Susquehanna Financial Group: Hi, thank you. I wanted to ask about the commercial product. Ajay had alluded to the progress there in some of your prepared remarks. Two questions there. Do you believe you’re taking market share in commercial? And secondly, is it biased more domestically versus internationally? Thank you.
Ajay Banga: Hi. So first, I am very glad you use the carefully word, prepared word, prepared. Barbara thinks I don’t follow my prepared remarks and she was making jokes about it before we started the call about my ad living [ph]. So anyway I will remind her of that and I will ask her to talk to you in great detail. Now, the actual commercial product thing. Yes, we are gaining share. We’ve been gaining share for a few years now, two to three years. I actually think there is more opportunities up ahead. If we can keep executing on the hard work that our product teams have done to put together a value process that make sense, and there is more to be done in that space. We are really on a journey on this whole commercial space. I don’t believe MasterCard had adequately worked in this area five, seven years ago. So I think we’re really getting to our right place there. Just [indiscernible], is it biased on the U.S.? Not really. Actually to make sure I answer the question correctly, we are growing in commercial around the world. The U.S. was the one that first jumped on to executing against the improved product quality and using all our tools like Smart Data and Virtual Cards and Purchasing Cards and all those pieces and they worked on it. They now move overseas as well to other regions, but it started in the U.S. The commercial card tends to be used not just domestically but also cross-border, just by nature of the kind of the book it aims at. So it’s got a mix of everything inside there.
James Friedman – Susquehanna Financial Group: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Glenn Greene of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer & Co: Thank you. Good morning. I want to go back to maybe Martina for the pricing, just to clarify the impact in the quarter and going forward. And I realize I guess it was the 4 point benefit on the cross-border, which I guess was a little bit more than I would have thought, but I think more importantly just to sort of make sure we’re on the same page for the back half. Are we fully anniversaried on the cross-border going into 3Q, and should the delta on volume and revenue growth would be something like maybe five points of overall revenue growth and volume growth going into the back half. Is that the right way to think about it?
Martina Hund-Mejean: So first of all, we had – yes, the pricing was pretty much in cross-border. I call it as the 4 PPT. That was much lower than what you saw in the first quarter. In the first quarter in that line item, it was actually 10 PPT. And yes, that is anniversarying in the third quarter. So you are not going to see that going forward. And then there was a little bit as I said from a transaction processing fee point of view, but when you look at the overall net revenues and you extrapolate those line items to overall net revenues, overall pricing in the quarter actually was a relatively small, very small contributor. And how you should be thinking about that is, all of these thoughts that we have about pricing roll into what we are saying about 2014, what we see from a net revenue point of view, as well as roll into our long-term performance targets. That’s where we are wrapping it into.
Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer & Co: Yes, I was thinking more about you’ve had a delta on the volume and revenue growth negatively because of the strong intra-European volumes?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes. And you’re going to continue to see that likely, just because when you see the growth of the intra versus the inter-regional volume developing. So Europeans, and the fact that was little bit even has changed when you look versus the year ago volume, Europeans are staying closer to home, both, it looks like from a pleasure point of view as well as from a business point of view. And as long as they stay closer to home, our European cross-border transactions are priced lower than the inter-regional transactions. So that’s where the mix is coming in, and the relative growth of inter-regional versus intra-European numbers impacting those mix. I don’t see that changing for at least a number of quarters to come.
Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer & Co: Okay, thank you.
Ajay Banga: Let me answer this. It’s just really interesting if you look beyond this a little bit and to understand what’s going with the Europeans for example or other – if you look at all our data on which are the hottest travel places around the world, you’ve got London, you’ve got Bangkok, you’ve got Paris and cities like that. If you look at that data, tourism into Southeast Asia has been impacted over the last six, eight months because you’ve had some unrest in Thailand, you’ve got problems in Vietnam with the Chinese situation. You’ve got people canceling trips into that part of the world. It’s similar inside Russia for all the obvious reasons that we’ve been talking about. So what’s happening also I think in this last quarter or two, is that people are staying closer to where they are comfortable, and the Europeans in particular are relatively intrepid travelers outside. They have been – and they travel frequently. They take a few holidays a year, in case you sort of look at how many holidays the Europeans do get in their course of the year, they have cut back as Martina is laughing at me. She is half German, half French. So they take the most holidays in the world. But the fact is that if you sort of look at what’s going on there, there is a genuine difference right now in the way people are traveling. It just is – and that’s an addition to what’s going on with the China where you can see the impact of a change in policies and growth on the ground to what’s happening to cross-border volume and trade outside of China. So this is something you’ve seen. Having said that, I think we have a pretty strong transaction growth rate in our cross-border, and we do a lot of work to make that happen, both from share, but also the kind of work we do with issuers and merchants to make that work in the right way.
Barbara Gasper: Christine, I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: Okay. Our last question is from Bob Napoli of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Bob Napoli – William Blair: Thank you. Good morning. Martina, did I hear you suggest a tax inversion, but my real question was…
Martina Hund-Mejean: Not really, but we like to align our tax footprint to our business structure, given that most of our revenues and profits are still rolling up into the U.S. and into Belgium, which are high tax countries, but 60% of our business is really in many other jurisdictions.
Bob Napoli – William Blair: Right, okay. But my real question was…
Ajay Banga: No tax inversion.
Bob Napoli – William Blair: Okay. With the changes in technology with the EMV, higher focus on security. Do you think that – has MasterCard benefited – do you think you’re gaining some market share head-to-head when it comes down to bigger focus on technology?
Ajay Banga: I don’t know. I do know that we’ve put a lot of effort in the space on both innovation and technology. Look at MasterPass. I consider MasterPass to be the wallet part of it. There is more to come. As I said, it’s an old platform. And the fact that we’re live in more countries that we’ve actually got tens of thousands of merchant signed up that we’ve got some momentum on the ground in terms of MasterPass being both an online and in-app and a physical space play. And the fact that it was designed in a way that allows banks and merchants to integrate very easily, much easier than many competing wallets. All of that’s helping us when we go to sell. The focus on security is helping us when we go to sell. But I don’t know that I could pick one of those and tell you that a client or merchant or a bank or a government is turning business to me just because of that. I actually don’t think that anybody thinks so single patterned way. It’s always a very complicated discussion. It always has pricing built into it as you know, but also always has all these other aspects. And I think all I am trying to do in the company, what we are doing is to assemble a portfolio of assets there the security part, the EMV part, the innovation part, the loyalty and rewards, the processing. That’s why you’re seeing us invest in those areas. That’s where our organic and inorganic money is going. It’s going into those very specific areas, because we think they help us build a portfolio to go top line [ph], and that’s what we’re trying to do.
Bob Napoli – William Blair: Thank you.
Ajay Banga: That was it? Last question done. Back to me. Okay. Closing remarks I guess. So we delivered strong results for the first half of 2014 in spite of this mixed economic environment. And we are focused on delivering yet another good year. We have worked through the regulatory challenges in Russia and Europe. We’ve got a track record of managing through these situations in other markets. Every situation is different, but we have managed our way. We feel confident we will be able to navigate our way through these most recent one results. On the other side of this, we see many opportunities around the world that kind of provides some balances to these challenges we talk about. We’re investing in new technologies I was just telling Bob, and other services, both organically and through acquisitions including our recent transactions in the loyalty, processing, person-to-person and mobile spaces. As Martina mentioned, that pace of M&A activity has accelerated recently. There is a shortage of growth opportunities in our business frankly. And while our investments are having an impact on our OpEx right now, we believe that we are investing in a thoughtful way that ensures continued top line growth and good long-term return for all of you who invest in our stock. I am hoping many of you will be able to join us at one of our Investor Days in September either in St. Louis or in Dublin, where you will have a chance to hear more about our strategic focus areas and you can get to touch and feel some of our innovative products and services. Thank you for your continued support to the company. And thank you for being on our call today.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Barbara Gasper – IR Ajay Banga – President and CEO Martina Hund-Mejean – CFO
Analysts:  Dave Koning – Baird Daniel Perlin – RBC Capital Markets, LLC Tien-tsin Huang – J.P. Morgan Christopher Donat – Sandler O’Neill Jason Kupferberg – Jefferies LLC Smittipon Srethapromote – Morgan Stanley Craig Maurer – CLSA Limited David Hochstim – The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Kevin McVeigh – Macquarie Research Sanjay Sakhrani – KBW James Friedman – Susquehanna Financial Group Bryan Keane – Deutsche Bank AG Bob Napoli – William Blair & Company L.L.C. Darrin Peller – Barclays Capital 
Operator: Welcome to the MasterCard First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Adrianna [ph] and I’ll be your operator for today’s call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Barbara Gasper. Ms. Gasper, you may begin.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Adrianna [ph]. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for a discussion about our first quarter financial results. With me on the call today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer as well as Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. Up until then, no one is actually registered for the queue. This morning’s earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at mastercard.com. These documents have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one week through May 8. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today’s earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today’s call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard’s future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments here today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release as well as contained in our most recent SEC filing. With that, I will now turn the call over to our Ajay Banga. Ajay.
Ajay Banga: Thanks, Barbara and good morning everybody. For the first quarter, we are very pleased to deliver strong results with net revenue growth of 14%. That’s driven by a healthy growth in gross dollar volume, by process transactions and cross-border volume. And this, combined with our operating expense growth of 12%, is what’s helped us drive EPS growth of 18%. So as usual, let’s start by the global economic trend starting with the US. Our first quarter SpendingPulse data showed US retail sales ex auto growing at 2.8%, down from the 3.9% growth in the fourth quarter of last year. And I guess that reflects the harsh winter weather conditions that affected parts of the US as well as later Easter. But on a positive note, consumers continue to spend more. And so interesting sectors like airlines, lodging, restaurants, furniture and furnishings and that reflectively increased consumer confidence we saw in the quarter. And we’ve got to continue to watch these indicators in the coming months. The good news is that despite the headwinds on consumer spending, our US business in the first quarter saw process transactions and gross dollar volume growth higher than the fourth quarter of 2013. In Europe, the environment continues along a path of slow growth with positive PPE projection for the year, although those are slightly down from last quarter’s forecast. Across the region, consumer sentiment and business sentiment have continued to improve and our MasterCard’s total Europe in volume growth for the first quarter was in the mid-teens and process transaction growth in the low 20s, a bit higher than the fourth quarter, driven by growth in a number of countries including Russia, Sweden and Turkey as well as continued healthy growth in the UK. In Latin America, the overall consumer confidence is mixed across the region. Brazil’s consumer confidence starting to stabilize in March. And our SpendingPulse showed a 5.9% growth in consumer spending there, up slightly from last year’s fourth quarter. In Mexico, consumer confidence also showed some signs of stabilizing and I think is expected to improve. Our business in the region continues to do well with GDV and process transaction growth for the first quarter in the mid to high teens. In Asia Pacific, consumer confidence like in Latin American remain mixed with some evidence of a slight slowdown in consumer spending during the first quarter. But in South Korea, China and Southeast Asia, they actually saw improvement in confidence levels. Interestingly, business sentiment was up across the region. And our business in the Asia Pacific, Middle East, Africa continues to do well with process transaction growth about 30% and GDV growth in the high teens for the first quarter. So overall, the US and Western Europe seem to be continuing to move along a slope up through economic recovery. While there has been increasing optimism of our Europe, I think those recent geopolitical tensions could have an impact in consumer and business sentiment. And growth in Asia Pacific and Latin America, as you know, is affected by among other things, the continued global economic uncertainty but also by domestic concerns like labor market conditions and consumer sentiment and spending and elections and all of which we’ll continue to watch. So before we move on to our recent business highlights, a couple of quick words about legal and regulatory matters. First, at the end of March, the US District Court of Appeals reversed Judge Leon’s July decision on the Federal Reserve implementation of the Durbin Amendment. So absent further appeal, the regulation remains as it was originally implemented by the Fed. The appeals court decision is good for the industry for a couple of reasons, including because it clears away one of the uncertainties in the market related to EMV adoption. Second, with regards to the proposed European interchange legislation, you’ve heard us say before that this legislation offers us both opportunities and challenges. A vote by the full parliament occurred in April which added among other things the merchant card interchange to the scope of the legislation. Separately, a battle review of the legislation will start in late Feb by the Council of Ministers and the European Commission will also need to weigh in. Will actively engages all these parties, there is still opportunity for the proposed language to undergo changes and we continue to expect that adoption is probably most likely in the first half of 2015. So finally, something about Russia and the geopolitical events going on there. Over the past few years, we have made a lot of good progress in Russia, although it represents only a little over 2% of our total revenue. The sanctions have had a significant impact in that market, not as much from an immediate financial standpoint for MasterCard but rather on the ground where the Russian government is working to implement legislation to change their domestic payments market structure. And we are still assessing all the elements of this new law. I mean there are provisions there that I believe would create serious complications for the way that we can operate in that market. One of those provisions, these are the requirements for on-soil switching capabilities. Now with our distributed network structure as a foundation, we’ve actually moved further towards an environment that can be flexible in terms of on-soil requirements. In fact, earlier this year, we launched a 24 by 7 operation center in Russia. What we have in place today does not, I believe, meet all of the new Russian requirements, although we’re still studying those, but we believe may actually provide some of the ingredients that will be necessary. We’re also very concerned about the new collateral requirements in the law which we continue to look at. At the end of the day, we’re going to need to conform to this new Russian law as well as international law when we operate our business in the Russian market just as it is in other markets. So overall, we expect a small impact from this current Russian situation on our results for 2014. But the situation is fluid and it’s difficult for us to be certain numerically about the impact for 2015 and beyond, at least until the law is clearer and we can work our way through those details which will take some months to happen. So let’s move on to some of our recent business activities. During the quarter, we signed a number of new agreements that let us support the expansion of our business around the world. And let me run through a few quick examples. SEB Baltics [ph] which is a division of the SEB group. SEB group is a key MasterCard relationship in the Nordics. And SEB Baltics [ph] is in the process of converting their entire debit and credit card portfolio to MasterCard. So as a result, we expect to be the leading payments brand in the Baltics by the end of this year. Additionally, Svenska Handelsbanken, the second largest retail bank in Sweden was big in converting all of their consumer credit, debit, co-brand and installment card across all their market including Nordic, Baltics, UK, Netherlands and Poland. This deal actually represents the largest conversion in Europe since we won the business with Swedbank and will make MasterCard both the exclusive partner of Handelsbanken but also the leading debit brand in Sweden which, as you know, is one of the countries with the lowest use of cash in the world. Kenya Commercial Bank, East Africa’s largest bank, announced that it’ll issue 5 million debit, prepaid and credit MasterCard products over the next five years. That builds in the partnerships we’ve announced over the last couple of years in Kenya in both Nakumatt Supermarket and equity banks and more than doubles the number of our cards in that market. Now as we said before, over the last several years, we’ve been focused on investing in deepening our merchant relationships as well. And you’ve read that Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club announced recently that they will start converting their co-brand credit cards to MasterCard starting this summer. And starting in early 2015, Target will be converting their Target branded credit cards to MasterCard. Additionally, their entire REDcard portfolio which adds in their private label cards will be enabled with our ENB [ph] solution and will support chip and PIN transactions in their stores. We are delighted to be chosen, obviously, as Target’s ENB [ph] solution partner and for their faith in MasterCard as quoted from their press release that they will, quote, "aggressively move forward to bring enhanced technology with the most secure payment product available". In addition, we’re also expanding our relationship with Wal-Mart beyond the US to work with some of their Latin American affiliates. So in Mexico, their Sam’s and Suburbia co-brand cards have been converted to MasterCard, one from a competitor, the other from a private label store card. In Chile, they’ve recently started to migrate their private label cards to co-branded MasterCard and that Wal-Mart local supermarket brand is called Lider is one of the largest in that country. That’s the one we are migrating. One additional example of the progress we’ve made in expanding our merchant relationships is in Japan with Amazon.com. We just recently launched a MasterCard co-brand card. That card provides the card holder an opportunity to earn rewards when shopping on Amazon’s website or at any MasterCard accepting merchant as well as free shipping through Amazon Prime. So moving on to the mobile front, the convergence in the physical and digital world is reflected in the continuing shift in payments to digital form and more interestingly, new payment flows. It represents one of the most significant changes in our space since I think the introduction of plastic payment cards many years ago. And over the last several years, we’ve been developing a foundation to support this shift by establishing products, services and standards to address the needs of this new ecosystem. So you’ve heard all of us talk about many of these in the past. MasterPass digital wallet is one example. Our efforts around organization, another example. But we’re beginning to build on that, and for example, last quarter, we announced our acquisition of C-SAM, a leading provider of mobile wallet software. The idea is that this would help us increase the base of the deployment of our MasterPass wallet as well as the development of additional services. Customers first take [ph] offers, for example, loyalty and rewards, for example. So when it comes to mobile, we are technology agnostic. We support implementations based on different market models around the world. One model puts payment credentials on the phone. So for example, we recently announced the collaboration between Trevica which is our European provider of processing services. It’s a business we own. And three mobile operators will represent about 80% of the mobile subscribers in Germany – Deutsche Telekom, Telefonica Deutscheland and Vodafone. Any bank in Germany that connects to Trevica will be able to provision their card to the phones provided by any of these three mobile operators. A different model is to put payment credentials in the cloud as compared to on the phone. And for that, we will soon publish technical specs supporting what we announced a little while ago which is postcard innovation which will make it easier to roll out contactless NFC based mobile payments in markets that want alternatives to storing payment data on the phone. For a final note, MasterPass momentum continues. We’re now in seven countries – the US, UK, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Italy and China with more than 40,000 merchants accepting the wallet. In addition, which I think is really interesting, MasterPass will be available soon as an in app option so that it can be selected within a mobile shopping app, eliminating the need for the consumer to have to enter payment card information of any type to make a purchase. So with that, I’m going to run it over to Martina for a detailed update on our financial results and on our operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning everyone. Let me begin on Page 3 of our slide deck where you see the as-reported as well as the FX-adjusted growth rates. All of my comments pertain to the FX-adjusted figures which are essentially the same as the as-reported numbers due to the strength of the euro offsetting the weakness of the Brazilian real. As Ajay said, we are very pleased with our strong performance this quarter which we were able to deliver in spite of the mixed economic environment. Net revenue growth of 14% combined with operating expenses growth of 11% resulted in net income growth of 14%. EPS growth was 18% and share repurchases contributed $0.03 per share. During the first quarter, we repurchased just over 21.3 million shares at a cost of approximately $1.7 billion. Through April 24, we purchased a little more than 6.2 million shares at a cost of approximately $450 million and we now have $1.5 billion remaining under the current authorization. We will continue to look to repurchase shares on an opportunistic basis. Now turning to cash flow. Cash flow from operations was $568 million. Additionally, at the end of the quarter, we completed an inaugural debt offering of $1.5 billion and we ended up the quarter with cash, cash equivalent and other liquid investments of about $6.6 billion. So let me turn to Page 4. And here you can see the operational metrics for the first quarter. Our worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV was up 14% on a local currency basis. And that’s essentially the same as last quarter. US GDV grew 9% and our US debit growth was also 9%, again, same as last quarter. On the private side, after some difficult quarters in consumer credit, we are turning the corner with growth of 6%, an increase from last quarter. Also commercial credit growth was in the mid-teens, up from the low-teens last quarter. And outside of the US, volume growth was 16% on a local currency basis. And this continues to be driven by APMEA and Latin America with more than 15% growth and solid mid-teens growth in Europe. Cross-border volume grew 17% on a local currency basis, just slightly down from the 18% growth that we saw in the fourth quarter. APMEA grew more than 20% with Europe and Latin America in the high-teens. And countries contributing to good cross-border volume growth this quarter include Australia, China, Russia, Italy and Sweden. And we also saw some deceleration in Latin America and in Canada. Turning to Page 5, here you see process transaction. They grew almost 14% globally to more than $9.8 billion. We saw double digit growth in most regions with particular strengths in APMEA and Europe. And globally, the number of cards grew 8% to just over 2 billion MasterCard and Maestro branded cards. So let me turn to Page 6 for some insights on a few of our revenue line items. Domestic assessments grew 8%, while worldwide GDV grew 14%. And then the gap between these two growth rates is 6 PPT [ph] which is driven primarily by the contribution of higher growth outside the US with lower than average revenue yield. Also many of these non-US markets fall into the category of emerging markets where the growth of the ATM transactions is often higher than POS transactions. Cross-border volume fees grew 17% in line with cross-border volume growth. And when you drill down into the detail, 10 percentage points of pricing, the majority of which lays zapped in this quarter was essentially offset by a higher mix of intra-European activity. Transaction processing fee grew 14% in line with the 14% growth in process transactions I just spoke about. And overall, as I said earlier, net revenue growth was 14% growth both on an as-reported and FX-adjusted basis as the impact of the euro and the real offset each other. Beyond those two currencies, we had a roughly 2 PPT headwind from the weakening of other local currencies such as the Russian ruble, the Canadian dollar, the Australian dollar and the Turkish lira, mostly in the domestic assessment in cross-border revenue categories. And moving on to Page 7; here you can see that total operating expenses were up 11% in the quarter as it continued investing back into the business. In addition, I’d like to point out two other items that contributed to this growth. First, there was a 2 PPT impact due to the rebalancing of our quarterly cadence of A&M away from Q4. And second, there was an almost 2 PPT impact due to acquisition. Also, D&A increased 19% as we begin to see the impact of our growing levels of capital expenditures. This primarily reflects investments and technology, supporting initiatives like Priceless Cities and MasterCard. Turning to Slide 8; let’s discuss what we have seen in April through this past Monday. Each of our business drivers were flat or higher compared to the first quarter. The numbers through April 28 are as follows – globally, our cross-border volumes grew about 17%, the same as our first quarter growth rate. While US cross-border was down slightly, rest abroad was a bit better driven by Europe. In the US, our processed volume grew 11%, up about 2% from what we saw last quarter due to the continued improvement in both consumer and commercial credit. Process volume growth outside the US grew 16%. That’s essentially the same as the first quarter. Our European processed volume growth was in the mid-teens; again, the same as what we saw in the first quarter despite some deceleration in Russia. And globally, process transaction growth was 14%, the same as what we saw in the first quarter. Looking forward, let me start with our long term performance objectives for the 2013 to 2015 periods. We continue to believe that our business can deliver an 11% to 14% net revenue CAGR and at least 20% EPS CAGR over this period. These rates are on a constant currency basis and exclude new M&A activities. We also remain committed to our annual operating margin target of at least 50%. Since we first introduced these performance targets back in September of 2012, a number of things have happened in the payments space. Three interesting and relatively recent developments are – one, while we learned about the loss of the Chase portfolio in late 2012, we are only now in the process of working through that deconversion. However, you can already see our progress on winning new deals particularly in the US consumer credit space, which shows up very nicely in our US credit metrics. Two; the current geopolitical tensions around the Russia situation. And three, the continued evolution of the European payments industry regulation. We expect minimal impact in 2014 from either the Russia situation or the European regulation. Looking ahead, Russia will be complicated to work through. While that market currently represents a little over 2% of our revenue, it’s unclear today how developments there will impact us over the next two to three years. With respect to the European regulation, like all other regulatory actions that we’ve faced over time, it will create challenges for the payments space. But as in other cases, it will also open up new opportunities for those who are innovative and competitive. And we will look for ways to take advantage of that. We are monitoring each of these situations closely but after weighing a number of factors, we are still confident about being able to deliver on our long term commitments. That said, remember these objectives exclude M&A activities and since we’ve done a number of deals, our as-reported results will include the impact of those. So let me now share with you some more specific thoughts about 2014. Over the past several months, we have announced four acquisitions spanning the processing, mobile and loyalty spaces. Therefore, I’m updating the EPS dilution in our expected as-reported results for full year 2014 from the $0.01 to $0.02 that I mentioned on our last earnings call to $0.06 to $0.08. The quarterly impact will ramp up over the course of the year and the timing of the deal closings could affect the total dilution as well as the quarterly impact. We will continue to update you as we go forward about the potential impact of any additional M&A activity. Turning specifically to net revenue, let me highlight three points. First, Q1 growth came in a bit higher than expected; however, we are still forecasting to come in at the low end of our three-year range for full year 2014 excluding M&A and at the constant currency. That includes some small impact from the Russian situation as well as the attrition that we expect from Chase. Second, we still have no definitive schedule from Chase and why deconversions have started a bit slower than we originally expected. We continue to believe most of the attrition will occur in the latter half of this year with some continuation into 2015. And third, our new acquisitions are expected to contribute up to an additional 1 PPT to our as-reported net revenue growth. On the operating expense front, similar to net revenue, we haven’t changed our view at all about expense growth from what we’ve said in January. However, when you now add in the impact of acquisitions, the as-reported growth rate will be in the low double digits. Growth in D&A will continue to accelerate beyond what we have seen in the past, likely in the 25% range, due to our higher level of capital expenditures as well as the impact of amortizing intangible assets related to acquisitions. As a reminder, you will need add into your models roughly $30 million over the balance of the year to account for the interest expense associated with the inaugural debt offering that we did in late March. And again for modeling purposes, you should continue to assume a full year tax rate of about 32% which does not recognize the impact of the discrete items. And finally, with respect to FX in 2014, you need to think about it in two pieces. First, remember that when we talk about constant currency, we’re talking about the impact from our functional currencies besides the US dollar. If those rates remain similar to where they are today, so that’s the euro trading at the 138 level and the Brazilian real at the 224 level for the rest of the year, the net impact of the euro and the real would be a slight tailwind for the full year. As I mentioned earlier, the FX impact of these two currencies was minimal in the first quarter due to the strength of the euro offset by the weakness of the real. Further, beyond the functional currency impact of the euro and the real, they have already seen a 2 PPT headwinds-to-net revenue growth in the first quarter from other currencies depreciating against the US dollar and the euro primarily. While we are carefully managing those exposures, we have assumed some impact for the rest of the year. Now let me turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Martina. We’re now ready to begin the question-and-answer period. In order to get to as many people as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and then queue back in for additional questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) And our first question comes from Dave Koning from Baird. Go right ahead.
Dave Koning – Baird: Yeah. Good morning. And great job. I guess my question is just cross-border you mentioned the price increase that lapsed. Should we expect now if we have high-teens cross-border growth to generate high single digit revenue growth, so about a 10% a disconnect between the two for the rest of the year?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah. I mean, I’ve said that the pricing that we have put in last April in 2013 is pretty much lapping – almost all of it is lapping at this point in time. So you should expect that what’s happening between the cross-border volume fees as well as the cross-border volume growth itself should be much closer in range. The impact – it has continued to be impacted, of course, by two things – one, the mix of the intra-European travel; and two, by local currency as we’re still seeing and beaconing in foreign exchange rates versus the euro and the US dollar.
Dave Koning – Baird: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Dan Perlin from RBC Capital Markets. Go right ahead, sir.
Daniel Perlin – RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Thanks. So the question I have I guess is, the success you guys are starting to have in the current pace of kind of the co-branded card portfolios in the United States for credit, I’m just wondering, how is it that you’re differentiating yourself here in that environment? I know that your competitor recently announced that they’re going to drop I think 50% of their operating rules, and I’m just wondering, are you guys like cumbersome in that respect, are you closer to these retailers? And just generally, what is – I guess what is allowing you to differentiate yourself right now? Thanks.
Ajay Banga: So I guess – I’m not quite sure what the competitors are doing in that space. We have already worked our operating rules down actually quite some time ago – a couple of months back, three, four months back, towards the end of last year. I’m actually not aware of exactly what the others are planning to do, so I’m not going to comment on a comparison. But I’m pretty confident that we aren’t winning our business based on operating rules only. We win our business based on analytics and capabilities around those. We’ve built our – we build our business based on what we do in terms of acceptance. We build our business based on the kind of marketing and co-programs we do. We build it based on relationships. We – but of course, we build it based on pricing and that’s always the thing that everybody looks at. So it’s a mix of all those things. And to me, the last few periods of months when this entre issue with Target happened actually has opened a whole new set of discussions around EMV and chips and signature and PIN and tokenization, and we think that we represent a good thought process in that space. And so all these things put together I think are helping us win business. Now, we don’t win every deal we bid for, don’t get me wrong. We – and these are still going to be singles and doubles. But – and I said that a year or two ago but we’re doing them consistently and steadily and we’ll win some, we won’t win the others, but that’s one of the ways for us to rebuild our position in the consumer credit business in the US in addition to what we’re doing with our bank partners where we are little by little winning deals in that growth area of that credit book too. So it’s kind of a mixed bag of what we are doing. I wouldn’t put it all down on any one silver bullet. I wish life were that simple but it isn’t.
Daniel Perlin – RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tien-tsin Huang from J.P. Morgan. Go right ahead, sir.
Tien-tsin Huang – J.P. Morgan: Okay, great. Thanks. Just a follow up to that last question. On the Target front, I’m curious, was – did your EMV solution cause you to win that or are there other factors behind it? And then, as a follow on or a bigger picture question, do you think this EMV push could actually drive some brand flips? Thanks.
Ajay Banga: Tien-tsin, I – you will have to ask Target why they gave us all the business. But at the end of the day, again, I believe it is a mix of things. And I wouldn’t rely openly on any one thing because I don’t think any merchant or any bank goes based on any one item. It’s the mix of things we bring to the party that allows us to win and in other times, they will lose because you don’t bring the right mix to that party. So I’ve kind of got my feet firmly on the ground about this issue. I – we’ve got two of the largest retailers in the US between Wal-Mart and Sam’s on the one end and Target now, but it’s kind of – it’s a win one by one at a time. So I wouldn’t conclude too much either one way or the other unless you ask Target and they give you a different answer. We’re just very excited to be their partner because I see in them having gone through what they’ve gone through, the desire to really make a big difference. And that’s useful for somebody like us who also is trying to grow in that space. So that’s kind of what’s going on in these wins. Will you get a chance to get more flips? I don’t know yet. I honestly don’t know. I’m still focused on the singles and doubles and just keeping my head down and trying to win deals.
Barbara Gasper: Next question please, operator.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Donat from Sandler O’Neill. Go right ahead, sir.
Christopher Donat – Sandler O’Neill: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask a follow up on the Target and the chip and PIN enablement. Is that something that – in the United States, chip and PIN isn’t – entering PINs is not something I think US consumers are comfortable doing. So is this more giving Target the optionality that if consumers do want that level of security they have it or is it a blanket for everything? Can you just help us understand where that fits in?
Ajay Banga: Sure. Sure. Sure. The whole EMV migration is going to depend a little bit on the manner in which this rolls out. The chip cards will definitely be coming in. I mean, look, a number of issuers are already issuing chip cards for their overseas travel. And I have – my number may be wrong in the head. It’s a month or two old, but I do recollect somewhere between 6 million and 8 million cards but I might be a little off the number – already issued that are chip enabled for banks – by banks to individuals who travel. I personally use those as well. Our entire corporate card portfolio in MasterCard for our employees is chip-enabled. In some cases, it’s chip and PIN like our corporate card. And in others like my personal card, its chip and signature. The – you will find that different models of this will emerge or appear over time, depending on the adoption of PIN terminals or the point of sale, depending on the banks’ concerns about different kinds of losses in their loss book and the advantages and disadvantages of those. And then finally and most importantly, it’ll depend on consumer behavior. And so it’s a mix of those three. And in all these cases, while we are going to enable chip and PIN, as you know, we’ve even incented for people to have chip and PIN. But at the end of the day, we will work with what works in that environment. And that’s what we’re trying to do.
Barbara Gasper: Next question, operator.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jason Kupferberg from Jefferies. Go right ahead.
Jason Kupferberg – Jefferies LLC: Thank you, guys. Ajay, just hoping you could just drill a little bit more into the Russia legislative process to the extent you guys have some insight into some of the milestones or next steps, I think you said it’ll probably be a multi-month process until it fully plays out. So if you can help us understand that a little bit. And in conjunction with that, just how are you guys sort of probability weighting some of these I guess worst case scenarios if some of these more onerous provisions actually become law? I mean, does it feel more like that’s just kind of some saber-rattling or is it felt to be a very serious threat of passage into law?
Ajay Banga: Jason, I think that the whole Russia situation is all very serious. I – both at a geopolitical level and in our own small way. I don’t think this is a saber-rattling situation any longer. I just – I think this is going to be tough to work for almost everybody, governments and companies, over the next few months or periods of time. It might last longer than that in one way or the other. That’s just me and my personal opinion. As far as we’re concerned as a company, what we’ve seen in the recent legislation that got approved by the Duma and then by the Upper House but haven’t, at least until this morning, received the signature of the President, but I’m assuming that’s a matter of time. And somewhere over the next few days, that’ll probably happen. After all, I know it could be happening now. And therefore, I assume that that legislation will get enacted. Two of its provisions that are really interesting and complicated are the ones that I picked on and speaking and Martina picked on a little bit too. One of those has to do with the on-soil requirement. And the definition of on-soil obviously will depend – the devil is in the details of what constitutes on-soil versus what constitutes not being there. Is it just a question of data moving, is it a question of clearing, is it a question of authorizing, is it a question of settlement, is it clearing, authorizing and settlement? There’s a gazillion different – and gazillion’s a technical term – but there’s a heck of a lot of these different permutations and combinations that we are working our way through. I actually don’t have clarity on that yet because a lot will depend on the dialog with the Central Bank of Russia which will establish the rules and the processes by which the legislation actually gets implemented on the ground. My sense is that could take anywhere between, if done rapidly, 60 days to longer than that. Given that Russia clearly feels that they need to get something done quickly, I would expect they will make some energetic efforts to get it done quickly rather than later. It was on that context that we came around to the belief that the limitation of the impact in 2014 will be small which Martina has factored into our estimate of our revenue growth for the year which is why – one of the reasons why even though our first quarter did a little better than we thought, we’re still sticking around with the guidance we gave you earlier for the year as a whole. Now, if Russia doesn’t become as onerous than that or something else changes, then life will change. But right now, we’re dealing with these imponderables. And we didn’t want to not acknowledge the imponderables but at the same time tell you that in our head, there is some checking balance in that system bringing us back to the guidance we already gave you earlier in the year. That’s kind of how we are thinking about it. There is another very onerous element in the legislation which has to do with the provision of collateral that will be required if somebody is considered to be a foreign payments player. Now, what’s foreign? What’s domestic? How do you become more domestic? Does on-soil with clearing authorization and settlement make you more domestic? Is it something else that makes you more domestic? Not clear. So I don’t know all that yet. I worry about all this because I consider myself to be a worrier and a paranoid guy about some of these things but I don’t know the answer yet. So however, I don’t think that will impact us directly in a financial sense as hard as could some other elements of this. Now, the third element of this is how our consumers in the market’s economy in Russia behaving. In truth, the Russian economy was already slowing over the last couple of years. That’s public knowledge. And we could see it in our data where we went down from very high growth rates and transactions and revenue a couple of years ago even though we’ve been growing shares in Russia over the last few years, our growth rate is reducing – reducing but still very attractive in that sense. What we have seen in the first quarter as Martina told you was really no direct impact. Our people were doing what they had to do. I guess that’s how it would be. Remember that the sanctions of all the banks, including the more recent ones, in fact, less than 1% of the cards we’ve issued. So day to day sense, people are still buying the stuff. And what we are seeing changed, however, which is about to happen is some cross-border activity – people going in, people coming out. That I expect would happen when tensions increase in an area. And I expect that to be the first impact even going out further as the Russian economy continues to get impacted by whatever goes on in the geopolitics and the reactions of the United States and Europe and other countries. That’s kind of where I am. It’s a long answer. It’s a complicated issue. We’ve tried to drill into it and come out with the thought that some impact will happen in 2014. And probably ‘15 and ‘16, that’ll have more of the impact. We’ve tried to give you guidance but at the end of the day, this is a little over 2% of our revenue. But it’s a good growth market, so I don’t like it but it’s what’s happening. It’s what we’ve got to deal with.
Jason Kupferberg – Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Martina Hund-Mejean: As well as at least that – when you look at the domestic value, that has been going down from a growth rate point of view, from very high growth rates last year [indiscernible] trending down given what is going on from an economic, from a pure economic point of view in Russia. And on cross-border volume, we really haven’t seen a lot of change – a little bit of trending down but not a lot of change, certainly not in the first quarter. Only very recently over the last couple of weeks we’ve seen a little bit less as I said in my remarks for the April 28th numbers, we’ve seen a little bit more of the growth coming down from a cross-border perspective.
Barbara Gasper: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Smittipon Srethapromote from Morgan Stanley. Go right ahead, sir.
Smittipon Srethapromote – Morgan Stanley: Thank you. My question is on there but your competitor recently spoke about weakness and debit payment volumes while your numbers seem quite robust. Do you think you’re gaining share or are there any notable differences in debit exposure to call out that drove that divergence in trends?
Ajay Banga: I guess the macro side [ph] we are gaining share but I don’t know what’s causing the issue for the others in truth. I know that our in debit volumes continue to remain, as I’ve said, above that 400 million transactions a month which is up from the hundreds that we used to have pre-Durbin. It goes up and down by 10 million, 20 million transactions depending on where we are on the routing table of the larger retailers. We have a very sophisticated way of comprehending where they want to pass that transaction. But that’s kind of where we are.
Barbara Gasper: Next question, please.
Operator: We have our next question comes from Craig Maurer from CLSA. Go right ahead, sir.
Craig Maurer – CLSA Limited: Hey, good morning. Thanks. Regarding how we’re progressing towards a mobile payments infrastructure in the US, I was wondering how discussion with banks are proceeding in terms of MasterCard, perhaps filling the role of a central token provider that can aggregate all the banks into a single token source and make it easier for a mobile rollout from someone, say, like Apple.
Ajay Banga: So as you know, Craig, we put out this whole announcement not just with MasterCard, by the way, but as an industry – Visa, AmEx [indiscernible] in their announcement about providing tokenization as a way to help protect the increasing percentage of transactions that are digital because that’s where this impacts the most. While at the same time allowing the right amount of information about which card is being used, which category, which type, which institution, who issued the card to flow back and forth between the merchant and the issuer. That’s the whole purpose of what we’re trying to do with tokenization the way that Visa, AmEx and us are trying to do it. It’s really not suspect to us only. The discussions are proceeding. We’re talking to every institution, we’re talking to merchants, we’re talking to banks. We’ve had discussions with legislators who want to understand tokenization although that’s in very early stages. As you know, there’s always interest in the legislative community around the whole mobile payment space more as a way of getting aware of what’s going on in the space than any other comprehension. So that’s going on even as we speak. So the dialog is usual. We’re making progress in being ready to do all of these things. We are – our technological development is continuing apace and in fact, it’s going to keep adding to our CapEx. That’s one of the things we’ve got to do. We’ve got to invest money in tokenization and MasterPass and we’re doing it. So that’s what’s going on. But at the same time, as I’ve said in my remarks, we’re also working on different ways in which the mobile payments industry will develop. It could be through secure elements, it could be through postcard innovation. And there are different levels of interest from banks, merchants and hardware and M&O [ph] providers on those two elements. And then there’s of course the more old-fashioned way of mobile payments which is really more for transfers which is the SMS or simple wallet-based transfer of money. We’re playing around with all of those, from Telefonica which was more in the simple transfer of money to the conversations that you’ve had – you know we’ve been having with more sophisticated players who are trying out different ways of doing mobile payments. So that’s the whole range. And as I said in the past, I don’t want to pick winners and losers in this. I believe that one of the things we need to do as a company is to be a strong participant in these alternative ways in which digital payments will evolve. And I actually don’t know that mobile payments is the only way digital payments will evolve. It may be through wearables. And mobility as a whole will probably be an asset. It may not be only the phone. And so we’re trying to play around all of those. And between Ed McLaughlin in our emerging payments area and Garry Lyons in MasterCard Labs, we have a very strong team that is working with our core products team to try and work with as many of these different methodologies as possible.
Craig Maurer – CLSA Limited: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Hochstim from Buckingham Research. Go right ahead, sir.
David Hochstim – The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Yes. So I wonder if you can just clarify two things in the 2% of revenues from Russia, does that include cross-border volume and then could you give us –
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes.
David Hochstim – The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And so that could be a high percentage of that that might not disappear?
Martina Hund-Mejean: And you said –
Ajay Banga: Actually, it’s not. It’s not a high percentage.
Martina Hund-Mejean: It’s not. It’s actually a relatively low percentage. And first of all, we said a little bit more than 2% of our revenues but it does include all of cross-border and it’s not a very significant – it’s some portion but it’s not the majority. It’s much less than that.
David Hochstim – The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And could you just clarify what the –
Ajay Banga: Dave, let me give you a hint. An overwhelming majority of the Russian revenue is domestic. How’s that?
David Hochstim – The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Thank you. That’s helpful, thank you. And could you just remind us what the revenue could be once the base portfolio [ph] is slowly deconverted?
Martina Hund-Mejean: No. So David, we are doing it – all of my remarks that I have done for 2014 as well as for the longer period, 2013 to ‘15, obviously takes them – takes the conversion. But we are not calling out a specific number to a specific customer.
David Hochstim – The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kevin McVeigh from Macquarie. Go right ahead, sir.
Kevin McVeigh – Macquarie Research: Great, thank you. Just given what seemed like a little bit of higher level rebate incentives in Q1 and obviously Q4, should we expect that to tell off the balance of the year or just pretty consistent with historical trends as well? Should we see a bit of a step down given the investments in Q1 and Q4 or still at relatively historical levels?
Martina Hund-Mejean: So Kevin, let me just set this a little bit correctly. What happened in Q4 was basically a catch-up from the prior quarters. When you look at our Q2 and Q3, in 2013 rebate [indiscernible] the numbers were relatively low and then you had a catch-up in Q4 for that. What you’re now seeing in Q1 of 2014 is very similar to what you have seen in prior years. So you can actually say that 2013 was an anomaly from a quarter-over-quarter performance, not from a whole year. And now in 2014, you’re going to see something very similar to 2012 – in 2014 to 2012.
Kevin McVeigh – Macquarie Research: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW. Go right ahead, sir.
Sanjay Sakhrani – KBW: Thank you. I guess the accelerating GDV and process transaction growth in the United States is pretty encouraging given the backdrop. Could you just talk about what’s driving that? Is it your customer engagement or is it consumer spending more? And maybe you could just talk about kind of a broader lead across to the economy. Thank you.
Ajay Banga: Hi, Sanjay. So yes, as I said, spending falls short at 2 point something – 2.8% or 2.9% growth in the first quarter ex auto. As you know, it was down from the growth rate of the fourth quarter over the same quarter of the prior year. All these numbers, by the way, are not sequential quarter. They are quarter-over-quarter, same quarter prior year. The – and that is down – by the way, the fourth quarter was down over the third quarter. So in a sense, it feels like the growth rate of consumer spending ex auto in the US felt like it was slowing over these three quarters. But interestingly, when you unpeel the first quarter, I should see two things that make me feel that we shouldn’t jump to that conclusion too quickly. And the first one has to do with the regional spending trends in the United States in the consumer spending trend. Aside from the Northeast which actually in our SpendingPulse data, declined for the total consumer spending ex auto in the Northeast. And actually, the growth rate was minus. So a little decline in the first quarter of 2014 over the first quarter of 2013. And similarly, in the mid-West where there was very bad weather, we had a small decline. Now, a larger proportion of the US consumer spending comes from the Northeast than the mid-West. On the other hand, the Western part of the country from Seattle down to California grew very, very handsomely, almost in the double digits. And the Southwest of the country, Texas through Florida, did something similar. So when you put the whole of the United States together, the weather truly, truly did seem to have some kind of an impact because it just matches too closely to this pattern. The second thing that was interest – and I don’t yet know how to calculate the impact of it – is Easter. Easter is coming at a different time and therefore, April’s numbers by and large look a little better for most of us and for the consumer spending early data that I’m seeing. I haven’t yet seen our new SpendingPulse data. It will come out within a few days of the 1st of May which is now, so in a few days it will emerge. That’s kind of what I know so far. So overall, I’d say that the US even though the numbers at a bold [ph] level look like the growth rate is reducing, I wouldn’t jump to that conclusion too quickly.
Operator: And our next question comes from James Friedman from Susquehanna. Go right ahead, sir.
James Friedman – Susquehanna Financial Group: Hi. And Ajay, I wanted to follow up on the Svenska Handelsbanken win. Congratulations, I know that’s a very prestigious issue. I think you had in your comments suggested it was your largest conversion in Europe since Swedbank. So I don’t have to spend $10,000 for the Nielsen Report, could you give us some context on Svenska, how big are they relative to Sweden – to Swedbank? That would be helpful. Thank you.
Ajay Banga: I think you spend the 10 grand and you’ve got to pay for all this people too. I’ll send you my copy. How’s that? I’ll tell you this. I don’t want to talk about a particular institution. It’s not what I would do in terms of their size. But I will give you this idea. In the Nordics, there are three of four very large institutions and you’re counting – the two names you mentioned are among those three or four right on the top. The Handelsbanken is actually the second largest retail bank in Sweden. It’s presence outside of Sweden in the rest of the Nordics is lower than its presence in Sweden, so it may not be – in fact, I don’t think it is the second largest for the whole of the Nordics. But it is very – one of the large three or four big ones there. But it’s pretty significant for us because we’ve been trying to build our share in the Nordics now for a little while partly because that’s one of the markets where cash is truly not king, where electronic payments are king. And so much so that I think the estimate of cash in terms of percentage of transactions in Nordics is between 5% and 10% or even lower in some cases which makes it quite the opposite of the world which is 85% cash and checks. And so we’ve been doing well there. We were not in a great position four, five years ago. We’ve actually grown ourselves nicely and that’s the flavor I was trying to provide you in terms of becoming among the largest players in the Baltics and now the largest debit card in Sweden and we’ve grown our share in credit and commercial and installment cards and co-brand cards and I feel generally good about where we are there.
James Friedman – Susquehanna Financial Group: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Go right ahead, sir.
Bryan Keane – Deutsche Bank AG: Yes, hi guys, good morning. Just more details that have come out on the European regulation front, so I just want to get an update from you guys on any details on the potential challenges the MasterCard – I know you guys mentioned that is something you’re highlight. So what are the kind of things that you guys are looking at that could be a challenge?
Ajay Banga: Well, there’s multiple things in that legislation the way it is currently worded, although it has changed also from the original wordings and in some ways the current wording is less onerous and in others, it is more onerous. The one that came through the last round added commercial card interchange to be controlled and dictated just as consumer interchange in the current space is going to be controlled and dictated. I actually don’t like that because it – remember we are inside this legislation. The aspect of other full party [ph] schemes as well as schemes that look like full party [ph] but may not be called full party [ph] are also included. But at the end of the day, I think what really happened here and this is information gleamed more from hearsay than reality, is that my sense is that the recent work was a confused one. The legislators actually did not believe that commercial cards should be dictated in the same way as consumer credit cards but in a mix up in the wording pattern, it got worded the wrong way. I don’t know whether that will get corrected over this coming process but that’s kind of what we’re discussing openly and transparently with the legislative community and the regulatory community in Europe. I would like that to not be in the rules really. But beyond that, there’s a bunch of other rules that had started. Remember the one about separation of management between scheme and processing. And there was this whole thing of what’s constituted in separation and what’s not. We’re getting a little more clarity it feels like the way it looks today, but management would have to be separated, you would have to have some legal entities separated. But the holding company could be the same. Now, that’s complicated but not impossible. It’s a pain in the neck but it’s not impossible. And so those are the kind of things we’re working our way through. Some of them have more implications for other players in the ecosystem – for merchants, for banks, for us, it kind of varies each time. And we’re trying to take a balanced view for it. I know for sure that when regulation comes in, it causes some amount of uncertainty in movement. But on the whole, what we’re trying to do here is work our way through the details of it, talk to the regulators and the community there about the whole aspect of the regulation. I think they’ve tried to bring in more elements around the level playing field that they’re asked for. I don’t know that all the elements are there yet in reference to commercial card, for example, but they are in the others. And so kind of a mixed bag. And I’m not going to go much further on this call. But I’m going to work my way through it over the next six months. Remember, we’re talking about first half of 2014 when this will probably get batted down. And we’ve got, as you can imagine, a number of very smart people working at it in some detail.
Martina Hund-Mejean: First half of 2015, correct –
Ajay Banga: 2015, sorry, not ‘14. Error. 2014 is what we’re in. 2015. As you can see, I’m losing track of time just like advancing age.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Looking ahead.
Bryan Keane – Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, thanks for the call.
Barbara Gasper: Operator, next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Napoli from William Blair. Go right ahead.
Bob Napoli – William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Thank you. Ajay, I wouldn’t send that Nielsen Report because I don’t think Nielsen likes that. There’s a very sharp word in the – so I was just wondering if you could give – with the Russia noise, if you can give an update on China and have you seen any movements there for opening up local processing in country and if you feel you’re in a position if they’re – if you think that other countries are going to follow what Russia is doing and when you see the effects that sanctions can have on a payments industry and on the banking industry. So if you could talk a little bit about Russia, if you’re seeing any movement there. And then at what point do you just – I mean on Russia, I think one of the terms that I saw on one of the – I’m not sure what exactly what they passed but they wanted Visa and MasterCard to put up $4 billion, $3.8 billion, two days processing or something like that is – at what point do you just throw in the towel on Russia?
Ajay Banga: So I mean there are two different kind of parts there. The one about the level of collateral and as I mentioned, that’s one of the issues. I actually don’t think the number is what you just said. I think it’s a lower number than that. But having said that, it’s not a number I’m interested in. So to be clear, either which way, I’m not a happy boy on that one. But, I don’t know, we’ll see. We’re going to have the discussions with the Central Bank. We are very transparently in conversation with them. It’s kind of interesting on the ground in Russia, banks and their clients and merchants are still doing a lot of new things with us. And it’s almost like that’s continuing. We’ve actually launched new things in the last three weeks with them. And then on the other hand and having a very open, by the way, transparent discussion with the Central Bank which, as you would expect with a good regulator, you would expect that transparency of discussion. Clearly, there is a political circumstance in Russia that is driving in a different direction. This whole thing of having domestic payment schemes is not new to us. But we’re dealing with it in Europe for a long time before SEPA which of course changed it. And as you know, that’s opened the doors for us there. Recently in Mexico which has always been dominated domestically by two domestic payment switches that were owned by the bank, the Mexican government has just literally – and I think it’s three, four weeks ago has put out a new regulation that actually opens that space for people like us and our competitors to attempt to begin to process domestic transactions. Now it’ll be a long road. Nothing happens overnight. I mean SEPA has been one of the longest winding roads that we can think of. But it’s there. We’re going to go after that kind of stuff. So stuff comes in, stuff goes out. I don’t know that any one incident makes that whole domestic payment switch versus foreign company being – working here whether it changes the balance greatly. Stuff comes in, stuff goes out. People keep talking to us – we get peaks and trust [ph] of conversation around that space. And remember, within it, there are flavors. There’s domestic payment switch versus on-soil processing, what constitutes on-soil as I was explaining in the earlier answer is in itself a very detailed conversation. So that’s kind of the whole element there. China, we’ve continued to grow in China with the partnership that we have with China UnionPay. As you know, there’s been an actually overwhelming majority of the co-brands that get issued for domestic use with the cup blub [ph] on it and for overseas travel with MasterCard on it. And that’s a good thing. We’re also doing things with them on eCommerce. We’re doing things with them on expanding acceptance from China and outside. But as far as the regulator is concerned, my sense is that they’re actually working their way through what kind of policy they would have to open up their domestic market while ensuring that their country’s needs are met and protected. So I don’t know that you’ll go from having a completely closed domestic market to a US kind of market. I never expected that, to tell you the truth. The question is where in the middle does it come. And honestly, I don’t know enough about that. To let you know, I was there, I don’t know, five, six weeks ago at the China Development Forum. When I go and speak there and I talked about a few things and I met a number of regulators. I met senior leaders there. And my sense is they’re very engaged and very open about the dialog, but they’re not there yet. They’re still working their way through it.
Bob Napoli – William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Okay, thank you.
Barbara Gasper: Sir, I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: Of course. And our last question will be from Darrin Peller from Barclays. Go right ahead.
Darrin Peller – Barclays Capital: Thanks, guys. Listen, I saw your comments on the European regulations [indiscernible] the Russian invocations chase [ph], all three of those not impacting your guidance I guess long term is helpful. I just want to be clear. First of all, that is long term, right? That’s the 11% to 14% CAGR you’re talking about? And then, Martina, just as a follow up around the dilution, I guess you mentioned earlier I think from acquisitions during the year being $0.06 to $0.07 now versus $0.01 to $0.02 earlier in the year. Can you just give a little more color on what’s different now than in January? Maybe you can just brand [ph] the size – the relative size of the deals?
Ajay Banga: I’m from the first part and let’s not do the acquisition part as well. Let me give a little clarity of what I – I want to make sure that you hear where I’m coming from. The guidance we’re referring to is up 2013 through 2015. That’s the guidance we have given, that’s what’s called our long term guidance.
Darrin Peller – Barclays Capital: Right.
Ajay Banga: I believe that what’s going on between Russia and the European regulation, Russia actually could be even more complicated given the level of detail we’re having here as a conversation. Europe could be – some early impact, this could be negative but that could be where if we are innovative, if we are creative and if we are competitive on the ground, I continue to believe that Europe is an enormous opportunity, given that so much of Europe’s expenditure outside of the Nordics is still in cash. And I think we bring a lot of assets to the table for the European government and the European consumer and the European merchant and the European banks and the European M&Os who are now good partners of ours. So that’s where we’re coming from and that – we think that there’s a lot of negative in this but there’s a lot of positives too in a business like ours – conversion of secular trends, the market share we’re winning, the deals we are doing and somewhere in there is our attempt to balance and get to the guidance that we’re giving you. It won’t be easy but it’s what we are committed to doing. We have in the past found our way through somewhat complicated situations. And I have some confidence that’s what we’re doing here too.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes. So as you can appreciate, we had to do a number of scenarios that gives us the comfort that we can go to the 11% to 14% for the 2013 to the 2015 period. And that we feel comfortable that we can do that. Now you asked your second question on the acquisitions. What’s changed is what acquisitions we have made. So first of all, we had only two acquisitions, Provus and HomeSend, this is the processing play as well as the remittance play that we talked about on the first quarter – on the fourth quarter earnings call in Chile.
Darrin Peller – Barclays Capital: Sure.
Martina Hund-Mejean: And those were relatively small properties. The other two that we have announced, one we have now closed, was C-SAM that already Ajay quoted in terms of the mobile platform capabilities that C-SAM brings to us. That is relatively larger property as well as Pinpoint which is the loyalty play in Australia that will allow us to actually expand our loyalty capabilities all over Asia Pacific. So both – that hasn’t closed, by the way. Both of those are a little larger and that leads to the $0.06 to $0.08.
Darrin Peller – Barclays Capital: Okay, got it.
Ajay Banga: So I got to add. Pinpoint’s also factor into Martina’s thinking even though it’s not closed. That’s the real clarity that we want to make sure you get. And by the way, back to the earlier question to make sure you feel comfortable where we’re coming from. Honestly, what made me comfortable is the fact that there’s a range there. And I don’t know yet. I’m no crystal ball to tell you I’ll end up where in that range. And I know I’m going to have ups and downs. But that’s what you guys invest in us for which is to stay committed to trying to get to the right market share and revenue growth. And that’s what we’re going to do.
Darrin Peller – Barclays Capital: All right, very helpful, guys. Thanks.
Operator: And Barbara, do you have any final remarks?
Barbara Gasper: I’m going to turn the call over to Ajay for just a second.
Ajay Banga: Thanks, Adrianna [ph]. So everybody, thank you for your questions and I’m going to leave you with a couple of closing parts. So we’re off to a very good start in 2014. We feel good about them despite the mixed economic conditions. And I think we all believe those mixed economic conditions will probably be around for the near term. We do have some challenges with Russia and the European payments industry regulation with the new wrinkle [ph] of commercial cards potentially being included that I just talked about. But you know what, there are opportunities too around the world which we believe give us some balance. And that’s what the answer was just now in the last question about our guidance. As Martina said, we’re staying with our long term guidance. We’ve continued to make good progress in winning deals around the world, including our singles and doubles in US consumer credit. We’re also investing in new technology and other services. We’re doing it organically. You heard about that through MasterPass and tokenization. We’re also doing it through acquisitions – C-SAM which will help us scale MasterPass and other things in that space, the loyalty acquisition, Provus and processing and so on. All of these help increase our share. They’re creating new opportunities for our business. And most importantly, they’re driving the conversion of our set target, our 85% cash that exists in the world. So all in all, our business continues with strong momentum. We’re focused on delivering another good year. And I want to thank you all for your continued support and your consideration of what we’re doing. And thank you for joining today’s call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara L. Gasper - Former Director Ajaypal S. Banga - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Christopher C. Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Craig J. Maurer - CLSA Limited, Research Division Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Robert P. Napoli - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Kevin D. McVeigh - Macquarie Research Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Kenneth Bruce - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Thomas C. McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the MasterCard Fourth Quarter Full Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Clifford, and I'll be your operator today. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Ms. Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. Ms. Gasper, you may begin.
Barbara L. Gasper: Thank you, Clifford, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for a discussion about our fourth quarter and year-end 2013 financial results. With me on the call today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask a question. This morning's earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. The earnings release includes reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their GAAP equivalents. The release and the slide deck have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 1 week through February 7. All of the EPS figures in our press release and those discussed on today's call are presented on a post-split basis, consistent with the SEC's reporting requirements following our 10-for-1 stock split that was effective at market open on January 22. In order to provide a bridge for you between the pre-split and post-split EPS figures, we have added a page in the Appendix section of the slide deck that breaks out the 2013 EPS by quarter and full year, as well as the 2012 figures recalculated on a pro forma basis. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today's call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release as well as contained in our recent SEC filing. With that, I will now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Ajay Banga. Ajay?
Ajaypal S. Banga: Thank you, Barbara. Good morning, everybody. So we're very pleased that we were able to deliver strong results in 2013. And those results basically were in line with our expectations. Our net revenue growth was 13%, both as reported and adjusted for FX. It was driven by solid operational performance in processed transactions, in gross dollar volume and cross-border volume growth. And we were able to deliver some margin growth in spite of investing more back into the business. For the full year 2013, excluding special items, we saw net income growth of 15%, or 14% adjusted for currency, and reported EPS growth of 19% or 18% on an FX-adjusted basis. And then for the fourth quarter, we came in about where we thought we would, even after signing more agreements than we had anticipated, some of which I will talk about in a moment, as well as putting money and investing some money back into the business. I'll let Martina get into the quarterly financial details a little later. So let's go to the global economic trends, starting with the United States, where it seems like the economy is beginning to show a bit of forward momentum. Our SpendingPulse data that showed that U.S. retail sales growth x auto for the fourth quarter was 3.9%, and includes the fact that holiday retail sales grew faster than last year with particular strength in the A&M commerce space. Economic indicators, such as housing and employment, also showed some improvement during the quarter, and consumer confidence bounced back from what was the low of October. We saw an increase in our United States business in the fourth quarter with volume growth of 7%, driven by improvements in consumer credit and in debit. In Europe, overall economic growth in the fourth quarter remained subdued, although there are some indicators of a potential recovery. Consumer sentiment continued a slow but very steady climb, as did business sentiment across our major markets. Northern Europe continues at a solid footing. Southern Europe is moving up, although it's coming off a lower base. Key contributors to our 14% fourth quarter volume growth in the region were Russia, Sweden, the Ukraine and Poland. In Asia Pacific, consumer and business sentiment levels declined in the fourth quarter across major markets, including Australia. In addition, worries about slowing growth in China go beyond being just a domestic issue and have broader implications, as you all know, for other markets that depend on Chinese demand. In Latin America, economic growth slowed a bit in the fourth quarter with consumer confidence declining in both Brazil and Mexico. But across the rest of the region, it was fairly positive. So despite these sluggish economic indicators in both regions, our Asia Pacific, Middle East, Africa GDV growth was 20%, and our Latin America growth was 17% in GDV, with transaction growth in the high 20s and the high teens, all for -- was a high 20% for Asia Pacific, Middle East, Africa, high teen for Latin America, all relatively similar to previous quarters. The fact that we had a significant proportion of our growth in emerging markets comes from the secular shift to electronic payments, which I think is relatively uncorrelated to some of the economic cycles that we see the emerging markets currently going through. Overall, it feels like the U.S. and Western Europe markets where we generate well over half of our revenue are slowly starting to regain their economic footing. The general consensus is the U.S. should have a decent economic growth in 2014, and there is increasing optimism about Europe. As these developed markets recover, it could be a catalyst to spark further growth in Asia and Latin America. So now, before we go to the business highlights, let me say a few words on the legal and regulatory front. In December, as you know, Judge Gleeson issued final approval of the U.S. merchant litigation settlement. We anticipate that most of the larger merchants who opted out will initiate separate actions. And based on that analysis, we have taken a $95 million pretax charge in the fourth quarter. The cases filed to date are in the early stages, but most have been consolidated under Judge Gleeson's court. Also, in mid-January, both the Federal Reserve and the merchant claim desk presented oral arguments to the appeals court in response to Judge Leon's July decision on the Fed regulation around implementing the Durbin Amendment. But the Appeals Court will likely issue a ruling sometime in 2014. And with regards to the proposed European legislation, you've probably all seen the Rakuten [ph] amendments to the EC's initial proposal. But you should know that there are also more than 300 amendments submitted from other members of Parliament. So the process is quite complicated. A committee of Parliament will now deliberate and vote on all of this in late February. And a vote by the full Parliament is currently scheduled for April. Also in late February, the Council of Ministers is expected to start a separate parallel review of the legislation. So we kind of continue to believe that the time line for final adoption appears ambitious. But obviously, we are watching that situation very closely on the ground. We were disappointed to learn yesterday that the Advocate General of Luxembourg issued an opinion siding against our appeal of the European Commission's 2007 decision regarding our intra-Europe cross-border interchange rates. The court now has to rule, and we'll find out what they'll say at some point this year. But keep in mind that we had already modified these interchange rates to 20 and 30 basis points for debit and credit, respectively, in mid-2009. So in effect, this changes very, very little in that space for either the banks or the merchants or us as of today. So now, let me move on to some of our recent business activity. As I mentioned, we finished the year signing even more deals than we anticipated, which is good. It sets us up well for future growth. But let me just sort of call out a few of these that I personally found interesting. So first, we were very pleased to be able to continue and, in fact, enhance our partnership with Citi on the American Airlines portfolio. That's an important co-brand for both of us. As you know, American Airlines is now the world's largest airline after its recent merger. Second, we recently completed a new agreement with Chase for their U.S. commercial card portfolio, providing corporate purchasing and fleet cards for their customers across many industry sectors, and these customers range from midsize companies all the way up to large multinational corporations. In December, we also renewed our agreement with the Bank of Montréal, which for us is a very important partner in Canada and the United States. And in fact, in the U.S., we expanded our relationship to include consumer credit. And we also recently extended our agreement with Tesco Bank. And as you know, Tesco Bank is a part of the third largest retailer in the world for their U.K. consumer credit card portfolio. That's a very good partnership for us with lots of future scope for expansion. And finally, capping off a year of advancements in Africa, from a $13 million identity card pilot being launched in Nigeria that we've talked about to the NedBank conversion in South Africa, we have now recently signed an agreement with Ecobank. Ecobank is the largest pan-African bank. It has a presence in 23 countries in Africa, reaching 65% of Africa's population. The bank will now issue our debit, credit, prepaid and other payment solutions. And also, it allows us to expand our acceptance in these markets. Meanwhile, MasterPass. Momentum in our MasterPass continues. And by the end of last year of 2013, we are now live in 5 markets with actually many more in the pipeline. You probably saw our U.S. advertising campaign with J.Crew and MasterPass over the holidays. But we also had a number of other major global retailers agree to accept MasterPass, including Brooks Brothers, Always [ph], Live Nation, Ticketmaster, Singapore Airlines, that brings the total number of merchants to more than 30,000 with most of them already live. We're continuing to add new banking partners around the world as well, including Unicredit in Italy; the 3 largest banks in Sweden, SEB, Swedbank and Nordea; and Caixa in Brazil. And this adds on to ones we signed up in previous quarters, such as the [ph] one in MasterPass. Now another big area of focus for us is processing. And that goes beyond our traditional role of switching transactions but also includes providing processing services on either side of that switch to surround the transaction. Now some of you heard from Gary Flood at Investor Day back in September, the more transactions we touch, the greater our ability to deliver a wide range of services and generate additional revenue. Touching a transaction, even if we don't switch it, can be very valuable to us. So let me give you a flavor of a few recent initiatives in this area. We have now completed our acquisition of Provus, a provider of issuer and acquirer processing, prepaid solution and ATM processing services in Turkey. That's going to enable us to increase our processing presence in the high-growth markets in the European region. TREVICA, an issuer and acquirer processor in Poland, will provide processing services to all the largest retailers in Portugal. In the first half of this year, that retailer is expected to roll out a new store card that will be able to accommodate credit, prepaid, private label and installment payments. And we recently announced a partnership with BICS, B-I-C-S, a Belgian telecom company, and eServGlobal, a mobile money solutions provider. We have formed a joint venture that will enable their HomeSend platform to connect to any financial institution across the MasterCard network. That service is already offered in 50 countries with mobile network and money transfer operators. And as we build our P2P initiatives, this joint venture, along with our relationship with Western Union, gives consumers more places to send money, both domestically and internationally. And finally, before I hand this over to Martina, let me talk about the topic of safety and security of payments, which has received a great deal of attention given all that's happened in the recent past on data breaches. In last quarter's call, we discussed safety and security in some depth. The fact is, this is fundamental to everything we do, and it's what consumers expect and what they deserve. In the United States, migration to EMV is a necessary and critical step. It makes stealing data much more difficult. And also, it makes stolen data less valuable to a fraudster. That's why we announced 2 years ago our plan for the U.S. migration from mag stripe to chip technology starting October 2014. Earlier this month, we reiterated that we are holding firm to that date because we believe it's the right thing to do. Beyond the 0 liability protection, for which our rules already provide, consumers should not be at risk of having their personal information stolen and face enormous inconveniences and distress as a result. While EMV works to protect in the physical space, we also do need to make sure that we are ahead of this issue in the digital space. And that is why we announced tokenization standards with all our other partners back in October. What we would now like to see is that all players within the payments ecosystem come together with a sense of urgency to ensure that the highest payment security standards are put into place. This is not easy, but it's key to doing the right thing and sustaining consumer confidence and trust. So with that, let me turn the call over to Martina for a detailed update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning, everyone. As Ajay already said, we are very pleased with our 2013 performance of 13% net revenue growth. EPS growth was 21%, adjusted for foreign exchange and normalized for discrete tax benefits in 2012, which is consistent with the calculation of our long-term EPS performance target. I will now focus on the details of the fourth quarter results, excluding the $95 million pretax charge that we took this quarter related to the opt-out in the U.S. merchant litigation. Let me begin on Page 3 of our slide deck. And here you'll see the differences between as-reported and FX-adjusted growth rates for this quarter, ranging from 0 to 2 percentage points for each line item. And all of my comments today will pertain to the FX-adjusted growth rate. So net revenue grew 11%, driven by strong underlying operational metrics but primarily offset by an increase in rebates and incentives as a result of signing a significant number of agreements in the quarter. Based on our net revenue and operating expense growth, net income increased by 11%. EPS growth was 16%, benefiting from our share repurchase program. During the fourth quarter, we purchased 9.8 million shares of Class A common stock at a cost of approximately $750 million. Quarter-to-date through Friday, an additional 4.2 million shares were repurchased at a cost of approximately $350 million with $3.3 billion remaining under our current authorization. We continue to look to repurchase shares on an opportunistic basis. And cash flow from operations was $1.2 billion. And we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and other liquid investments of $6.3 billion. Now let's turn to Page 4, and here you can see the operational metrics for the fourth quarter. Our worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV, was up 14% on a local currency basis to over $1.1 trillion. U.S. GDV grew 7% with credit volumes growing 6%. U.S. commercial credit growth was in the low teens, down from last quarter. U.S. consumer credit growth of over 3% was about the same level as what we saw last quarter. And our U.S. debit growth was 9%, driven by solid growth across our consumer and commercial debit and prepaid programs. Now outside of the U.S., volume growth was 17% on a local currency basis. And this continues to be driven by Asia Pacific, Middle East, Africa with 20% growth and mid- to high-teens growth in both Europe and Latin America. Cross-border volume grew 18% on a local currency basis, including more than 20% in Latin America and Asia Pacific, Middle East, Africa and growth in the mid-teens in Europe. Let's turn to Page 5. Here you can see processed transactions growing 13% globally to more than $10.4 billion. We saw double-digit growth in most regions around the world with particular strength in our Asia Pacific, Middle East, Africa region, driven by Australia and South Africa. And compared to last quarter, this growth rate was down slightly. However, when normalizing for the number of processing days, processed transaction growth for the fourth quarter was similar to what we saw in the third quarter. Globally, the number of cards grew 9% to almost 2 billion MasterCard and Maestro-branded cards. Now let's turn to Page 6 for some insights on our revenue. We're very pleased with the 15% growth in gross revenues, which was in line with our expectations and driven by increased volume and transactions, along with some contribution from pricing. In addition, beyond the 2 functional currencies that we adjust for, revenues were slightly impacted by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar and the euro versus other currencies. However, net revenue growth of 11% came in a bit lower than expected as a result of signing more deals in the quarter, which Ajay already called out. So the rebates and incentives line increased by 23%, but we view this as a good thing for long-term revenue growth. Growth in domestic assessments continues to be driven primarily by stronger volume growth outside of the United States, much of which comes at a lower yield. And one last note on revenue. Excluding pricing, cross-border revenue growth was 12%. The resulting GAAP between cross-border volume and revenue growth continued to be mainly due to the higher mix of intra-Europe activity. Moving on to Page 7. You can see that total operating expenses were up 11% in the quarter as we took the opportunity to reinvest more back into the business, similar to what we did actually in the third quarter. First, the 12% increase in G&A expenses continues to be primarily driven by investments related to all aspects of our growth strategy, including initiatives such as MasterPass and tokenization. Part of our investment was in people, and we ended 2013 with approximately 8,200 full-time employees, up 9% from year-end 2012. And what's more interesting is that the people that we've been hiring for the last couple of years are coming from sectors such as technology, retail, consumer goods and government, which has been helping us to execute in these areas. Second, advertising and marketing was up by 8% mainly due to higher customer marketing support and media spend. And while not on these slides, I would like to note that the other income-expense line was $9 million negative, i.e., it was an expense, in line with our expectations and primarily due to a number of our joint ventures, such as the 2 with Telefónica. As we ramp up these initiatives, you can expect this line to continue to be negative. Let me now turn to Slide 8, and here we discuss first what we have seen in January through this past Tuesday. Each of our business drivers were flat but slightly higher in the period compared to the fourth quarter. So the numbers through January 28 are as follow. Globally, our cross-border volumes grew about 18%, and that's about equal to our fourth quarter growth rate. In the U.S., our processed volume grew 9%, about 1 percentage point up from what we saw last quarter, due to improvements in consumer credit. Processed volume growth outside of the U.S. grew 17%, and that's also a slight increase over the fourth quarter. In particular, our European processed volume growth was in the teens, a continuation of the growth rate that we saw throughout 2013. Globally, processed transaction growth was 14%, and that was also up about 1 percentage point over what we saw as a growth rate in the fourth quarter, driven by higher growth in the U.S. and in Europe. Looking forward, let me first start with our long-term performance objectives for the 2013 to 2015 period. We remain confident that our business can deliver an 11% to 14% net revenue CAGR, which includes a modest contribution from pricing over the 3-year period, and an at least 20% EPS CAGR. These growth rates are on a constant currency basis and exclude new M&A activities. We also remain committed to our annual operating margin target of at least 50%. Now just one other comment about our EPS CAGR objective, which we said was based on a normalized tax rate that excluded the impact of several onetime benefits that we were able to achieve in 2012, which, you will recall, resulted in a pro forma EPS number of $21.44. But after adjusting for our recent stock split, you should now be modeling EPS growth beyond 2012 using a base of $2.14. So now, I'd like to share with you some thoughts about 2014. With respect to net revenue, we have signed, as you just heard, a significant number of deals over the last couple of years. And as the new deals onboard, they will provide a tailwind for 2014. However, we are also expecting a headwind from 1 portfolio conversion to a competitor. As you all know, back in 2012, we lost our portion of Chase's consumer credit portfolio. And while we expected some attrition would occur in 2013, that did not happen. We don't have any specifics on how these cards will migrate, but we are now assuming an impact in 2014. Given the size of this portfolio, we can offset some, but not all, of this attrition with our wins and, as we expect, net revenue growth for 2014 to come in at the lower end of our 3-year range. We also expect to return to more normal growth rates in rebates and incentives in the second and third quarter this year versus what we saw in 2013. We anticipate total 2014 operating expenses to grow less than the 9% that we saw in 2013. As we have always said, any upside to top line growth may provide the opportunity to reinvest more back into the business as well as determine how much, if any, operating margin expansion we can deliver in 2014. As I just mentioned, the impact of new M&A activities is not reflected in our long-term performance objectives. At Investor Day last September, I talked about how we are looking more actively at potential M&A opportunities that address our strategic priorities and provide us with critical capabilities. We're pleased that we recently completed the Provus and HomeSend deals, both investments that add to our capabilities. And they will contribute some revenue, but together with their base expenses and our integration work, we expect to see $0.01 to $0.02 dilution to our 2014 earnings per share figure. We will continue to update you as we go forward on these numbers as well as on the impact of any additional M&A activities we may have. For your modeling purposes, you should assume a full year tax rate of about 32%, which does not recognize the impact of any discrete item such as what we've seen in the recent past. Finally, with respect to foreign exchange, if rates remain similar to where they are today, with the euro trading at about the 1.35 level and the Brazilian real at about the 2.42 level for the rest of the year, the net impact of the euro and the real would essentially offset each other for full year 2014. And as I mentioned earlier, foreign exchange had a slight impact on our fourth quarter beyond adjusting for these 2 functional currencies that we typically call out. Given the current volatility in the FX market, especially with an appreciating U.S. dollar and euro versus other currencies, we're carefully managing those exposures, but we could see some impact depending on how these currencies behave in 2014. Now let me turn the call back to Barbara to begin our Q&A session. Barbara?
Barbara L. Gasper: Thank you, Martina. [Operator Instructions] Clifford?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Brendler from Stifel.
Christopher C. Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Can you give us a little color on the progression in 2014 of the cross-border price increase? I think you mentioned still about 1,000 basis points of benefit on your cross-border revenue growth. When does it start to anniversary? And is there any limiting impact from additional price increases on your cross-border revenue growth?
Martina Hund-Mejean: So Chris, we put the cross-border acquiring price increase in place in April 2013. So you will see that basically anniversary in our -- also at the end of the first quarter of 2014.
Christopher C. Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Any additional pricing actions that could mitigate that?
Martina Hund-Mejean: No. I said as part of our long-term objectives, you will only see some modest pricing. So this is still a big one that is basically going to anniversary.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Maurer from CLSA.
Craig J. Maurer - CLSA Limited, Research Division: The advertising and marketing, can you just provide some additional color on what drove that number up in the fourth quarter, what opportunities you saw? And does the Chase deal include the same kind of network separation as you're seeing from Visa?
Ajaypal S. Banga: It's Ajay. I'm not sure I understood the second part. If you are talking about the Chase commercial deal, and that's just a regular deal like we would do with any other institution in our commercial business. So that's how that's done. The part of our advertising and marketing, actually the fourth quarter has been the maximum transactions occur across most parts of the world. And we've been trying for some time to get our advertising and marketing to fit and match the right time periods for when it should be correlated to our transaction spend. And it kind of depends how it works. In some cases, you get the right opportunities. In others we didn't. In this particular one, we got a great deal of opportunity around the end of the year to sign up a few things, to participate in activities in social media and physical media around the New Year in different places. So it gave us a chance to put ourselves back into people's eyes and minds at the right time of the year. That's kind of what that is about. So it wasn't out of normal -- if you look at our fourth quarter spend on advertising and marketing. We should be spending this kind of money to correlate back to the kind of revenues and transactions that happened in the fourth quarter, gross revenues.
Martina Hund-Mejean: And let me just add a comment to 2014 because I'm sure everyone of you would like to know a little bit about the cadence of our A&M spend. And the cadence will be relatively similar to what you saw in 2013. The only thing that we're trying to do, and Ajay had already referenced that, is maybe smooth out a little bit the first and the second quarter. So you might see a little bit more in the first quarter when we're talking just a bit more, taking it out of the fourth quarter. The second and the third quarter should be, from a cadence point of view, very similar.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Kupferberg from Jefferies.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So can we just get a little bit color and clarity on the full year 2014 rebates? I mean, do you think they'll be -- will they grow faster, slower or about in line versus gross revs? And do you guys think you can grow U.S. consumer credit in '14 with the Chase volumes coming off that you mentioned?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Well -- so first of all, with your last question, we are obviously growing credit because, otherwise, we wouldn't be able to offset some of the losses that we might see from the Chase portfolio in 2014, right? That was in my prepared remarks. What was your first question?
Ajaypal S. Banga: On rebates and incentives in 2014.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, rebates and incentives. So let me just tell you, rebates and incentives, we think that is -- from a cadence point of view, it's going to go back much more normal to what we have seen prior to 2013, right? So in the second quarter and then the third quarter, you see normalized growth rates. It's very tough for us to be telling you what you should be thinking about as a percentage of growth revenues. But I would -- when I look forward, I would look -- it's something not too different to what you saw in 2013, which would also suggest that, overall, the annual growth rate is not too different for 2014.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Carcache from Nomura Securities.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: In Europe, you guys are significantly outperforming one of your key competitors who's still operating under an association structure, and it seems like you're able to offer much greater value to both banks and merchants given your much more innovative offerings. Can you talk a little bit about your confidence and your outlook for market share gains in Europe, and perhaps just give us some color around, competitively, how you feel you're positioned there?
Ajaypal S. Banga: So we -- look, we enjoy our position in Europe. And I've said a few times that I actually consider Europe to be a decent growth market for our company, even the developed markets of Western Europe, primarily because of the relatively high levels of cash that still exists in some of those economies. If you take out the Nordics, where cash is actually very small. If you come to Germany or France, there's still an overwhelming majority that's in cash, and those are very attractive markets. We have a good position. We've been gaining shares, that's absolutely correct. We're doing a lot of things with data analytics, with contactless, with fraud early warning systems, with inControl. And so all those help us win deals. And now, we're focused on trying to process more and more of the transactions in Europe as we go along. So even this quarter, our processed transactions grew by 14% or so in Europe, in SEPA. So that's a good thing for us. And we're focused on that. And a lot of the work we're doing with Provus and TREVICA are all aligned around that set aspect. So between digital and advisors and data, in addition to what we already do in our core business, we have a decent line of sight to where Europe is going. But Europe is not without its challenges. It has regulatory challenges that are unique to the way Europe is constructed and the way it functions. And I talked a little bit about those in the form of the EC legislation as well as this recent ruling by the AG [ph]. The AG ruling doesn't impact anything directly because the raise [ph] is already there. But could that spill over tomorrow into some other way of looking at regulatory arbitrage or thinking in that space in Europe? Sure, it could. And that's something we are always conscious of. And we're always trying to make sure that we work well within that environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Moshe Orenbuch from Crédit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Could you maybe give us a little bit about that kind of give-and-take between the 2 pieces of the Chase relationship, like how do you see the growth on the commercial side versus the -- kind of the risk of kind of deconsolidation on the consumer side?
Ajaypal S. Banga: Tough to say, because I really can't give you that much detailed information about one set of clients and books. But you should know that Chase is a very, very large consumer bank with a very large consumer portfolio. And they've got a strong corporate banking business that's growing, but there's no way that those 2 are comparable. So I don't see us making up what we are losing in the consumer side if it goes away in 2014. I have no way to estimate what will happen. I'm kind of assuming it's going away. And I've heard the earnings call that VISA had, where they talked about getting it. So I'm assuming that they're both thinking similarly, that 2014 is the year that it goes from us to them. Sidemark [ph] you're going to make up for that, but it will help, just as all the co-brands will help. And there are co-brands that we haven't been able to announce because of certain circumstances with those retailers and those issuers, which will all become clearer to you over the next few months. So I'm hoping that we'll eventually come up in the right place. But 2014 is going to be the year of transition. We've tried to factor that in when Martina said that we think revenue could be at the lower end of our long-term guidance. Now if it comes in better, that'll be great because if the attrition is slower or these co-brands come on quicker, that'll be great as well. But typically, our co-brands, after we announce it, takes somewhere between 1 year and 1.5 years to start onboarding and kicking in. So there's a timeline in our business and that's what we are providing for. Look, underlying trends in our business in the U.S. and elsewhere have been good in our fourth quarter. Our growth revenue actually came in better than our plan. And what happened is that we signed more deals and I'm actually happy to sign those deals. And so that's what I'm thinking about this whole circumstance around how to think about where our revenues and our company is going over the next couple of years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Napoli from William Blair.
Robert P. Napoli - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on some of your macro discussion, Ajay with -- when I look at the payments volume, the purchase volume by region, there's a decent slowing in pretty much every market except for Latin America. And I mean, I think you were suggesting that you thought you were seeing a little more strength incrementally. I guess the January numbers do suggest that you see a pickup from the fourth quarter. But do you think -- I mean, given the slowdown that you see across the board in payment and purchase volume, doesn't that suggest that the economy at best is stable and, at worst, maybe we're seeing a little bit of a global weakening?
Ajaypal S. Banga: I actually don't see it that way. I see the U.S. as -- if you just look at the U.S. as a whole, if you look at the drags on U.S. economic growth that contributed to whatever happened in 2013, and 2013 turned out to end in a stronger way than people expected. So there were lots of drags, a lot of drags from the sequester to all the other kinds of stuff that happened there. So I don't see the U.S. as being slowing in any way. I see it improving. Actually Europe, showing signs of life as well. Northern Europe, even the U.K., which 1 year ago people talked about as being in very difficult and dire circumstances, has clearly showed a recovery in where it's headed. That brings us to Asia. And Asia is dominated by what happens between China, Japan, Australia and India. And if you think about China -- yes, China's growth has slowed, but China's growth has slowed first in domestic expenditure, which impacts us very little because we don't get to play in the domestic processing yet, right? Japan is actually beginning to show signs of life. Australia depends a great deal on what happens with China because Australia's economy relies a great deal on the exports into China. And India is just India. India is being India right now. It's going through all that it's doing with its elections and all that's -- underlying it. But India's economy is 2/3 consumption. And that consumption is still growing. And while China and India may be growing slower than in the past, they're still growing in very attractive numbers beyond the 10. So yes -- perhaps the question about slowdown, you got to remember the number of days in the fourth quarter, the number of processing days. And Martina went a couple of times to explain that if you took out the impact of the smaller number of days and look at the normalized data, you will find this kind of similar growth. But if you went to Asia and you went back 4 quarters in Asia, you would find Asia today is a little slower in PCE growth than it was 4 quarters ago. That's what I'm addressing when talking to you. I'm not addressing the specifics of the processed transactions, because I think Martina addressed those a couple of times in her opening remarks.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Togut from Evercore.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Two questions. First, Martina, you said that OpEx would probably grow a little less than 9% this year. Can you give us a sense of where you might have the most operating leverage this year?
Martina Hund-Mejean: So David, what we are doing is -- I didn't say a little less, I actually said less than 9%. There is a little bit of a difference on those kind of numbers. And what we are really doing is, as we said, we opportunistically put some more money into the business in the third quarter and into the fourth quarter. And when we look at our budget going forward, we are not assuming that we are going to have a repeat of that. But as we have said before, depending on how our top line will develop, right, and our top line is subject to what we just discussed on the potential migration of cards from the Chase portfolio, we might be putting extra money into the company if we can do it, okay? But it all depends on how we see the top line developing and the bottom. So at this point in time, the budget basically just said operating expenses will grow less than 9%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Darrin Peller from Barclays.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just to dive a little deeper on the underlying trends in volume, and we saw in the fourth quarter the trend shifts from about 9% down to 7.5% and back to 9% again, you're saying, in January. If you could just explain a little bit about what's driving that first? And then really going forward, I mean, we're seeing underlying standards loosen a little more at the banks, which I think should support more credit growth going forward as well. And when you couple that with the trends you're talking about with all these deals, does that -- is that helpful for you on pricing? If Chase comes off, I imagine the pricing on that, given the size was a little bit tougher than what you're bringing on, is that a fair way to look at that? And then just one quick follow-up, what drove other revenues up 22%?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Okay. Let me take the easy one first, which is what drove other revenues up. Other revenues were predominantly driven by our advisors' revenues as well as Access Prepaid. So the other things that we are really focusing on from a service point of view, and Ajay had already said something that we are really focusing on putting advisors out on the globe. And you're actually seeing a really great benefit from that and that's why you see a 20% increase in other revenues going up.
Ajaypal S. Banga: That tends to be fee-based revenues, just to be clear.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, yes. Not volume or transaction-based, this is all fee-based revenues, right? Darrin, you are asking us one tough question on the underlying trends, okay? In terms of really figuring out why a quarter moves up or down from 1 or 2 percentage points is pretty tough to do. All we can say is when we triangulated with the data that Ajay was already referencing, from a GDP and from a PCE number, that we actually felt that the fourth quarter, both in the United States as well as in Europe, was pretty healthy, okay? So even though we had some move in the growth numbers, it was pretty healthy. And you could see that on the credit side and you could see that on the debit side. Now Latin America, Asia Pacific, we know that there was some impact, given what is happening from a China production point of view. And hopefully, if the world gets into a better footing, that will resolve itself. But it's very tough to be putting that down to very specific changes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Perlin from RBC Capital Markets.
Daniel R. Perlin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So just quickly, on the G&A, you mentioned, Ajay, MasterPass and tokenization were 2 of the key reasons for that to be up. But there's a lot of incremental people that have put into that, and that seems to be disproportionate for those kinds of technologies. So I'm wondering is this back half kind of ramp, let's call it $161 million or so, is that a function of also putting more feet on the street with these deals that you've done in order to get the local market processing?
Ajaypal S. Banga: So we are adding people in different areas. It's not just in MasterPass and tokenization, although that did add a fair number of engineers and development teams. But we are adding people in sales. We're adding people in client delivery. We've added people in product management. And when we open new countries -- China has people in the control functions, so they open in a way that is well handled for the future. That kind of -- all those things add up. We have opened a number of new offices around the world as well over the last couple of years. All that tends to add up. What we're really doing is adding people who bring to us a different perspective on how we look at our business. So we're adding people not just from banking and consulting, although that still is a good source of people, we're also adding people from consumer product companies and from technology companies and from marketing organizations and from government background and experience. So when you pull all of that together, that's the kind of people we're adding. It's not anything specific in the fourth quarter or in the third quarter or the second quarter. We've been adding people consistently over the last couple of years, as we've tried to create the ability for us to have the right footprint and the right infrastructure to go into so many new areas. So when you see us talk about advisors and generating fee revenues from advisors, I can't get them without a certain quantum of people, to have feet on the street as well as people who are doing analytics. When you talk about Access Prepaid Worldwide, that didn't exist in our book a couple of years back. So when you sort of add all that together, our company is changing and morphing. And in that change and morph, what I'm trying to do is to maintain our operating margin at a very healthy level, but put money back into building the skills, capabilities and technologies that is going to be required for this digital physical convergence, combined with the data opportunity that our company is talking about. So that's kind of what I'm trying to do.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin McVeigh from Macquarie.
Kevin D. McVeigh - Macquarie Research: I wonder if could you give us a sense, just the uptick in data breaches, how that's impacting the value proposition as you go out to clients, and ultimately, what's been the feedback on that?
Ajaypal S. Banga: Great question. Right now, fortunately, I haven't seen a great deal of impact coming out of that. And as we just told you, our first few days of January looked like they're actually a little better than the quarter that went by or similar. It's a little better in some cases. But there's no one specific data breach that causes trouble. It's an ongoing feeling that consumers get about their safety and the security of their information. And these recent data breaches are not just about cards, they were about other consumer data, tens of millions of stuff that went away. And that creates its own angst in everyone's mind. Fortunately, our technology, the technology of our competitor networks, combined with some of the great tools that the banks and merchants have built along with us over the years has meant that people are trying to keep fraud under control and trying to help the consumer. So I'm really -- that's less of the issue. I'm far more concerned about getting the right things done so we get ahead of this as we go forward. Otherwise, they're going to have this keep coming. And it -- the more often it happens, the worse it feels. So that's what I'm looking at. And it's not about who did what and it's not about finger-pointing, and it's not about I said this and they said that. I really want to get past all that nonsense to the real stuff which is, we need to get EMV in place. In January, Chris McWilton issued a letter to all our issuers and the merchant partners saying, "We are standing by our deadline." We need to get this going and everyone needs to be on the bandwagon. Banks need to be there, merchants need to be there, governments are clearly there. We need to get the networks there and the acquirers there. And I think there is a lot of progress on that front. I know a large number of the big merchants are very committed to -- they have new terminals and new terminalization. I know that the terminal manufacturers have geared up for that. I know that a number of the banks have begun to issue chip cards already. You can see people are making all the right efforts. This should only redouble our desire to get this done quickly. That's what I'm talking about.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on the Chase migration. Has Chase told you guys how much to expect to come off and when? Because I'm just trying to figure out how much...
Ajaypal S. Banga: No. No.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Bryan, no. That's why we said that we are assuming some impact in 2014. And I actually said that we assume that something would have happened in 2013 and it did not.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just how much are you expecting in 2014, like 2 to 4 points of revenue or how much?
Ajaypal S. Banga: Good try. Good try. I can give you marks for trying.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Donat from Sandler O'Neill.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I wanted to ask -- getting back to the fraud issue. With your experience and what you've seen around the world, the move to EMV, how significant is that in reducing the -- either the sorts of things you've had in the United States or just really the fraud that existed in places like Europe, before they went to EMV, or even Canada?
Ajaypal S. Banga: Very significant. It's very significant to the views of the impact of breaches. Look, every time a chip card is used, it uses the technology inside to create a unique data point for that transaction. That kind of bolsters the security and the certainty of that transaction. That's why chip transactions are virtually impossible to fraudulently replicate. And of course, because the darn chip is there, it makes it hard to counterfeit the card in the first place. So if I say it differently, EMV would not prevent a data breach. I mean, look, in the Target case, there were stuff with cards, there were stuff with data that happened in the Target system. EMV is not going to protect from that data breach. What it will do it makes that -- any data stolen, much, much, much less valuable to a fraudster because it's tough to counterfeit the card and it's almost impossible to duplicate all the unique data that flows for that transaction to get approved. So it's kind of got double layers of protection inside it. That's what it's about. But you need to understand that while it's good in addressing counterfeit fraud, it's not the only solution, a lot of single solution to drive security in the payment space. There's going to be a ton of things that will happen with how data is secured, how it's kept, how it's encrypted in motion and address things that we all do, things that very often -- you cannot expect small merchants to do in the same way, or smaller acquirers to do in the same way. That's one of the reasons why, in the future, with digital technology, tokenization is actually a key because in tokenization, that data doesn't even go to be stored in that location. It's encrypted with a key that only the networks and the banks recognize. And therefore, the concept of that data line in the weakest link in the chain will go away. So it's both EMV, tokenization, fraud tools, all the things that are going on. It's not one thing, but EMV is a really big arrow in the quiver.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Bruce from Bank of America.
Kenneth Bruce - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: You've pointed out on a number of occasions that you're moving into processing. I would like to ask specifically what you see as the strategic imperative and the financial implications beyond the EPS solution that Martina mentioned, as you are looking at the issuer and acquirer processing?
Ajaypal S. Banga: So the strategic implications really are back to what Gary and all of us talked about it on the Investor Day. If you -- of course, obviously, if you switched the transaction, as you know, we only get to do a little, around 50% of our transactions. And I'd love to be able to get beyond that because as you switch the transaction, first of all, it will be much stronger position in the system. Second, you'll see all aspects of it coming and going. And if you -- in addition, even if you don't switch it but you see it pass through, because you're either helping the acquirers process or helping the issuers process, then you'd still have a lot of data that you can then use for developing fraud scores, behavioral scores, the advisor's fee revenue, all that kind of stuff. So getting in front or behind of the transaction is useful for someone like us. I don't want to be just a payment switch, that's not the business that, long term, can give us the ability. And by long term, I mean out a decade. I'm not -- I'm trying to be more than that. I want to be using our data to create the right revenue streams from data. I want to be able to use in the digital world all the things we can do from before, during and after the payment. You can't do all that if you aren't a little smarter about processing. So that's what we're trying to do. Now in countries like the United States and Brazil, we process almost all of our transactions. However, when you get into some of the emerging markets and, of course, as you know, in China, we don't process domestic transactions. When you get to places in the emerging markets or the high-growth markets in Europe, that's where these things can help us. And as you know, SEPA opened up the ability for us to reenter the processing market in the developed countries of Europe, which we are trying our best to do and they're making very steady progress on that as well. So it's a long way to answer -- that being in the center of the transaction and being there before, during and after the transaction, being on both sides of it are very, very useful for this company.
Martina Hund-Mejean: And just add to this, we already own a processor in Poland, which is called TREVICA, and now we are owning the processor, the independent processor in Turkey, Provus. And when you look at these processes on an isolated basis, of course, they have a lower margin profile than our business. But when we found that all the work that we did around TREVICA in the last couple of years that, that really helps our main business and that we are able to win deals, that the deals are more sticky and that we're actually able to give more services to the client because we actually saw the transaction. So we really think, from a strategic and from a financial point of view, this is a very good way to go.
Barbara L. Gasper: Before we take the next question, I just got an email from somebody in our fraud area. And going back to Chris' question about how significant has EMV been in reducing fraud when it's been adopted? We have seen anywhere between 60% and 80% decrease in counterfeit fraud after EMV has been installed in markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Hochstim from Buckingham Research.
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Can you just clarify, the Chase consumer portfolio, you're talking about the old continental co-brand program or it's something else?
Martina Hund-Mejean: No. We're talking about the entire Chase consumer portfolio. Continental co-brand is different.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Continental co-brand actually has a lot -- has cards that are issued on MasterCard are protected for the life of those cards. That's different. But when Chase did the relationship that they did with VISA on the network, at that time, one of the items that VISA and Chase both announced was this migration of the consumer book inside of Chase, the rest of it, to our competitor. It didn't happen in 2013. That's what we're referring to.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I don't want to -- mean to beat the dead horse, but I just want to make sure I understand the Chase assumption that you guys are making. For 2014, you're basically assuming some piece of that goes away and there may be residual impacts as we look out to 2015 and onwards?
Ajaypal S. Banga: No. I'm assuming that it goes away in 2014. And by the way, who did you call a dead horse?
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom McCrohan from Janney.
Thomas C. McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: A close look on EMV, we -- I think people are aware that it reduces counterfeit fraud, but fraud migrates to the online channel. I'm just wondering if the tokenization efforts that you're working on, are they going to be packaged with any EMV implementation? Because currently, it doesn't really address that, and that's what I think merchants are kind of digging their heels on. They want some sun or line of sight into protecting the online as well.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Yes, absolutely, that's what we're doing with tokenization, and that's exactly why we're at it. And we're actually hopeful that it will all get done and start being out there in the marketplace, as we said, sometime in 2014, and then it'll keep rolling along from there. And it's going to accept everything from secured elements to SIM-based solutions to other kind of efforts to get secured information into MasterPass and the tokenization. We are very committed to that.
Operator: Our last question comes from Don Fandetti from Citi.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Ajay, just to kind of wrap up on the strategic side. We've seen Apple and Amazon talk a little bit more about payments. I was just curious what your perspective is, how that might change up the payment landscape and is it sort of in line with your expectation and timeline of what those companies might be doing?
Ajaypal S. Banga: Sure. Don, thank you. I actually -- it's actually what I expected. You all know that they're all thinking about this. And the fact that Google is out there first and actually doing something, doesn't mean that the others weren't working on it. They're all working on it. And they're all trying to figure out what the right role to play for their respective strengths and weaknesses are, as this payment opportunity evolves. And it's not just payments. When you talk to most of them, they will tell you it's about the before, during and after the transaction. So Google tends to think about it as a metric to look at enhancing their advertising and consumer outreach business, not really as a payments business. Others think differently. And everybody comes in from a different perspective. So that's why what we're trying to do is to partner with as many of them as we can. And we've managed, I think, well to shift the dialogue from one of distant mediation to one of partnership, because we bring some very strong assets to the table in terms of what we haven't possess and also what we're investing in. And so that's kind of where they're going with it. That's our -- I'm not the least surprised. I believe it's the right thing to do anyway with all the strong players in the digital world. We'll have a role to play in some way to enable payments for their consumers. It's the right thing to do. So let me leave you with a few closing thoughts. We had a very good 2013. We delivered on our expectations. We saw strong revenue and EPS growth. We continued to invest back into our products, our technology and our people. Overall, it seems like the economic environment is improving, especially in the U.S. and Europe. I understand that emerging markets are going through a bumpy patch, which we will continue to watch. But remember, they are starting in a much better place than they were in previous crises. And so I believe that over a period of time, that should stabilize. Now looking ahead, for the next couple of years, the world generally seems to be headed towards a better economic cycle than what we have seen in the recent past. And I hope those are not famous last words, "That's kind of where my head is." Our business continues to have strong momentum as it shows in our GDV and our gross revenue numbers in the fourth quarter. We are focused on driving the conversion from cash to electronic payments and at the same time, very, very focused on creating solutions and working with governments and other partners to advance financial inclusion. Investing in our core solutions remains important. So we're making investments in new products as well, in new services and new capabilities, all of which will help expand our presence in the area around payments as well, not just the payments but before, during and after. And for sure, we will continue our efforts to ensure that we make the best possible impact on ensuring safety and security for everyone in the physical payment space while carrying those competencies into the digital world as the 2 invariably converge over the next few years. So thank you for your support, and thank you for joining us on today's call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating, you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Gasper - Head of Investor Relations Ajay Banga - President and Chief Executive Officer Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus Jason Kupferberg – Jefferies Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW  Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Glenn Fodor - Autonomous Research David Togut - Evercore Partners Craig Maurer - CLSA Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets  Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer  Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey  Darrin Peller - Barclays David Hochstim - Buckingham Research Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan
Operator: Welcome to the MasterCard third quarter 2013 earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Barbara Gasper, head of investor relations. You may begin.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for a discussion about our third quarter 2013 financial results. With me on the call this morning are Ajay Banga, our president and chief executive officer; and Martina Hund-Mejean, our chief financial officer.  Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session, and up until then, no one is actually registered to ask a question. This morning’s earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at mastercard.com. The earnings release includes reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their GAAP equivalents. The release and the slide deck have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one week through November 7. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today’s earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today’s call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard’s future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our recent SEC filing. And with that, I will now turn the call over to our chief executive officer, Ajay Banga. Ajay?
Ajay Banga: Thank you, Barbara, and good morning everybody. We are very pleased with our results this quarter. We’ve had a net revenue growth of 16%, or 15% when adjusted for currency, and that’s been driven by solid volume and transaction growth in every region around the world. And I think that revenue growth allowed us to invest more back into the business, in areas such as digital products and the safety and security around them. We were able to make these additional investments while still delivering a net income growth of 14%, or 13% adjusted for currency, and an EPS growth of 18%, or 17% on an FX-adjusted basis.  So let’s start in our novel way by looking at the underlying economic trends, and you can start with the United States. Consumer spending was relatively flat from the second quarter better than expected growth. Our spending pulse data for the third quarter shows that U.S. retail sales growth ex-automobiles, is about 3.8%. Now, that’s down just slightly from the 4% of the second quarter. Over the last three or four months, we have seen a slow, steady decline in the confidence numbers, and that’s probably the reason behind the slight deceleration of our spending pulse data. And of course the recent circumstances in Washington have contributed, I think, to a sharp decline in October’s consumer confidence.  What that means for consumer spending for the remainder of the year kind of remains to be seen as yet. The fact is that for us as a company, despite the relatively flat growth in overall consumer spending in the U.S., we saw an increase in our U.S. business in the third quarter where volume grew 9%, up from last quarter, driven by improvements in consumer credit. In Europe, overall economic growth was subdued in the third quarter, and we expect it to remain that way through the end of the year. But European consumer confidence continued the recovery that it started in the second quarter, and it’s now back up to the 2010 levels.  Business sentiment has also improved over the quarter across major European markets like Germany, France, the U.K., and even Italy. And the combination of an improved environment in some markets, along with the continued secular shift, and most importantly our business wins, have driven third quarter volume growth up 17%, up from 14% last quarter, with Poland, Russia, Sweden as some of the key contributors to those numbers. Now, looking elsewhere in the world, in Asia consumer spending in the third quarter increased in key markets. Consumer confidence levels have remained by and large steady across the region. However, business sentiment continues to be mixed, because of lingering concerns about the global economy.  Our business in this region continues to do well. We had strong volume growth of 22%, up from the 21% that we showed last quarter. In Latin America, consumer confidence in Brazil improved, but Mexico edged down slightly in September and across the region forecasts for the remainder of the year seem to indicate that GDP growth rate will probably remain sluggish. Our business in the region continues at a healthy pace. We had a 17% growth this quarter, similar to our growth rate over the last quarter.  So, overall, you step back from all of this and it feels like the underlying global economy is showing the right trends to get back onto a more solid footing. What we then need to see a more balanced and practical approach on the part of the political leadership to allow those underlying improving economic trends to take hold and bear fruit. Before moving on to business highlights, I’d like to say a few words on where things currently stand on the legal and regulatory front. First, on the U.S. merchant litigation, nothing new to report. Judge Gleeson held the final settlement approval hearing, as you know, on September 12. We’re all awaiting his ruling, which is expected sometime later this year. On the debit front, as you know the Federal Reserve appealed the district court’s July decision. The judge issued a stay of the existing rules pending the outcome of an expedited appeal and the Fed recently filed a brief presenting their arguments in response to the judge’s decision. The Appeals Court probably will issue their ruling sometime in 2014. The European Commission’s proposed legislation is the third one. Both the European parliament and the Council of Ministers need to review, potentially amend, and finally [draft] on the commissioners’ final proposal. The parliament has begun the process, and though it’s still early days, they have now appointed what they call a rapporteur, who has the responsibility for both drafting and then shepherding the legislation through their parliamentary process. He has announced a draft timeline that includes a session on November 5 to officially kick it off. He will also be meeting with us next week. The commission has indicated they would like the proposal to be adopted before parliament goes into recess in the spring. As we have said before, that timeline appears ambitious in light of what needs to be accomplished before [work] can actually be taken in the European parliament. So now let’s move on to some of our recent business activities. You heard enough from us at investor day relatively recently in September. You had an opportunity to see firsthand a number of the product innovations we were rolling out, from our simplified commerce acceptance solutions, to social benefit programs, to shop [unintelligible] and so I’m not going to go into all that, but I’m going to talk about a couple of different items. And the first one is that last quarter there were several new partnerships established with U.S. merchants. In addition to the agreement with Virgin Atlantic, that Chris [unintelligible] probably mentioned, I think, on investor day, we have now signed three more new credit program relationships and partnerships with Hawaiian Airlines being the largest of those three.  The second big area of focus for us, and frankly it’s true of everybody in the payments industry as you heard on the Visa call yesterday, is safety and security, the importance of which is second to none as our physical digital worlds converge.  Historically, how this has worked is that when you develop industry standards and specs, we did it with traditional payment partners - banks, other networks. Today, we are working with those also, but with a broader group as well that includes technology companies and merchants. The idea is that by expanding this participation, we’ll get to create better consumer, better merchant experiences, and at the same time ensure safer and more secure transactions. And the drive to continually upgrade to newer technology is going to mean that all of us have to ensure that payment security standards adapt more quickly to changing consumer and merchant needs than they have in the past.  So one interesting new development in that area is tokenization, and as you know, earlier this month we, along with Visa and American Express, proposed global standards to replace these traditional account numbers with digital tokens for online and mobile transactions.  What that ensures is that the cardholder’s bank has access to their card information and only the cardholder’s bank has that access. It eases the merchant’s requirement of having to keep that specific card information secure. What the merchant sees is a token. We can connect that token back to that specific information with the bank. Work is being done in collaboration with issuers as well as other industry stakeholders, and the idea generally is, all of us, to improve cardholder security, reduce the impact of fraud, and yes, provide a good consumer and merchant experience. So in addition to that, we’ve joined the board of Fast Identity Online Alliance, an industry consortium. Members there include Google and Paypal. The consortium promotes standards in support of authentication technologies such as biometrics. And you’ve heard us talk about biometrics a number of times, but along with existing solutions like chip cards and NFC, I think doing this will help us to ensure that the development of standards that happens, which everybody can innovate in, is in an environment that is safer and more secure for online commerce.  But supporting safer and more secure transactions is more than just creating new standards. It could also deal with platforms, such as what we are doing through our DataCash business to provide a more secure environment for ecommerce merchants. For example, in Brazil - Brazil is one of the largest and fastest-growing ecommerce markets in the world - we announced a new partnership last year with DataCash and ReadyCARD, one of Brazil’s largest [acquirers]. As a result of the partnership, ReadyCARD recently launched an ecommerce gateway with fraud and risk management services. They’re the only ones, by the way, in the Brazilian market to offer payment processing and fraud tools together in one place, making it much simpler for merchants to accept cards without the need to sign up with multiple vendors for these different needs of theirs. Finally, on this topic, security can also be about using our technology, our data, and the expertise around it to provide services that have [reduced the cost] to our customers in ways they sometimes cannot do themselves. Let me give you an example. We used our global network and data analytics and leveraged it, and we’re helping our customers right now by monitoring inter-regional activities on all of our cards in over 150 countries and at more than a million ATMs around the world. What that allows us to do is it gives us a chance to provide better insight to our issuers about potential fraud threats that go well beyond what they can see themselves, just through their own card activity. So we introduced what’s called Fraud Rule Manager at ATMs in April, and this resulted in significant reductions in inter-regional ATM fraud on Maestro cards and that reduction is up to 70% in some regions. Now, in the context of overall ATM volume, fraud is small, but that’s not the point I’m trying to make. I’m trying to make the point that the level of improvement, up to 70%, represents a powerful example of what we can do with data and technology. So with that, let me turn the call over to Martina for a conversation on our financial results and operational metrics. 
Martina Hund-Mejean : Thanks, Ajay, and good morning everyone. Let me begin on page three of our slide deck, where you see that this quarter the difference between as reported and FX-adjusted growth rates is 1 percentage point for each line item. All of my comments today will pertain to the FX-adjusted growth rates. To reiterate what Ajay said, we continue to be pleased with our performance. Even with the relatively difficult environment, we’re able to make progress on the conversion from cash to electronic forms of payment and win business around the world. Net revenue grew 15%, which, combined with operating expense growth of 13%, resulted in net income growth of 13%. EPS growth was 17%, benefitting from our share repurchase program. During the third quarter, we purchased almost 575,000 shares of class A common stock at a cost of approximately $345 million, with $925 million remaining under our current authorization.  We did not repurchase any additional shares in October, given the parameters of the 10b5-1 plan that we set a couple of months ago. Our strategy remains unchanged. We will continue to look to repurchase shares on an opportunistic basis. Cash flow from operations was $1.3 billion, and we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents, and other liquid investments of about $6 billion. So let me now turn to page four, where you can see the operational metrics for the third quarter. Our worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV, was up 15% on a local currency basis to over $1 trillion. U.S. GDV grew 9%, with credit volumes growing 7%. U.S. commercial credit growth was in the mid-teens, higher than last quarter, and U.S. consumer credit growth was positive, and a continued improvement over prior quarters. Our U.S. debit growth was 11%, driven by growth from consumer, commercial debit, and prepaid programs. And outside of the U.S., volume growth was 18% on a local currency basis and this continued to be driven by APMEA, with a 22% growth rate and solid 17% growth in both Europe and Latin America. Cross-border volume grew 19% on a local currency basis, including more than 25% in Latin America and APMEA, and growth in the high teens in Europe. Turning to page five, here you see process transactions grew 16% globally to more than $10 billion for the first time. In the U.S., we saw good growth due to increases in debit and credit card transactions. And outside the U.S., process transactions grew 23%. We saw increased growth from the second quarter in all regions, with particular strength in Europe, driven by our business wins in Sweden and continued good growth in Russia and Poland. And globally, the number of cards grew 8% to almost $2 billion, Mastercard and Maestro branded cards. Now let’s turn to page six, for some insights on our revenue. Within our net revenue growth of 15%, growth revenue grew 13%, in line with volume and transaction drivers, along with some contribution from pricing. Rebates and incentives increased by 8%. As I said last quarter, the rebates and incentive line can move around on a quarter to quarter basis.  Similar to what we saw last quarter, there were a couple of factors impacting the growth rate in the quarter. First, while we signed a significant number of contracts during the quarter, there were a few that we now expect to sign in the fourth quarter instead of the third quarter. And second, we have a couple of contracts that paid out at a lower level of incentives than in the past, very similar to last quarter. Similar to the prior quarters, growth in domestic assessment was again driven by strong growth outside of the U.S. A lot of this growth is coming from the work we are doing in places like Russia and South Africa around financial inclusion. These countries will initially produce lower using transactions as people first use the cards at ATMs before beginning to use them at merchants. And just one last note on revenue. Excluding pricing, cross-border revenue growth was 9%. The resulting gap between the cross-border volume and revenue growth numbers is mainly due to the higher mix of inter-Europe activity. So let me move to page seven, where you can see that total operating expenses were up 13% in the quarter, growing significantly higher than in recent quarters. First, given the revenue growth that we saw in the third quarter, we took the opportunity to increase our advertising and marketing. As a result, you can see that this line item is up by 16%, mainly due to higher media spend. And second, the 13% increase in G&A expenses continued to be primarily driven by investments related to all aspects of our growth strategy.  Turning to slide eight, let’s discuss what we’ve seen in October through this past Monday. Each of our business drivers is slightly lower in this period compared to the third quarter, but when we adjust for the extra processing day that we had in the third quarter of this year versus last year, the growth rates are actually very similar. For our processed volume and transaction metrics only, that extra processing day provided a tailwind of about 1 to 2 percentage points to our growth in Q3.  So here are the numbers through October 28. Globally, our cross-border volumes grew about 18%. In the U.S., our processed volume grew 9%. Processed volumes growth outside of the U.S. grew 16%, and in particular, since I know you’re all very interested in that, our European processed volume growth continued in the teens, the range that we have seen throughout 2013. And globally, processed transaction growth was 14%. Looking forward, let’s start with our long term performance objectives for the 2013 to 2015 period, which has not changed. We remain confident that our business can deliver an 11% to 14% net revenue CAGR, which still includes a modest contribution from pricing over the three-year period, and at least a 20% EPS CAGR. These growth rates are on a constant currency basis and exclude any new acquisitions. We also remain committed to our annual operating margin target of at least 50%.  Now I’d like to share with you some thoughts about the rest of 2013, which is slightly improved versus what we said at our September investor day. Given our continued stronger than expected net revenue growth and the level of rebates and incentives we expect for the balance of the year, we now believe that second half net revenue growth will be slightly better than the 12% growth rate that we produced in the first half. This includes an assumption of a significantly higher growth rate in rebates and incentives in the fourth quarter versus what we have seen to date this year, at least in the mid to high teens range. We now anticipate total 2013 operating expenses to grow a bit more than the 8% currency adjusted growth rate we had in 2012, as we are able to put a little more into A&M than we planned and our G&A growth has proven to be more back end loaded than we originally expected.  Even with this high expense level, we still expect to deliver some operating margin expansion in 2013. And for your modeling purposes, we continue to expect a full year tax rate of about 31%. So with respect to FX, if rates remain similar to where we are today, that is, the euro trading at the $1.37 level and the Brazilian real at the $2.19 level for the remainder of the year, the net impact of the euro and the real would be a slight tailwind for the full year of 2013. Now let me turn the call back to begin the Q&A session. Barbara? 
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Martina. We’re now ready to begin the question and answer period. And in order to get to as many people as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and then queue back in for additional questions. 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] And our first question is from Chris Brendler of Stifel. Please go ahead. 
Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus : I wasn’t quite sure what you said about cross-border. I think you said revenue growth without pricing was only 9% compared to almost 20% transaction growth? Is that correct, Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean : That is absolutely correct, and you know, this is exactly the trend that we have seen in prior quarters. And this quarter was a bit more pronounced, because actually our inter-European cross-border activity grew fairly large versus the rest of the cross-border activity, as well as when you have the appreciation of the euro factored in, you see that the gap is widening.
Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus : And so my other question on the same topic was can you give us any more color around, the cross-border volume trend, almost 20% growth, is phenomenal. Is most of that sequential increase Europe?
Martina Hund-Mejean : You mean on domestic assessment?
Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus : No, still on cross-border transactions.
Martina Hund-Mejean : No, our regions contributed in a very significant way to the cross-border volumes, but when you just look at inter-European volume, just from a pure dollar point of view, it is larger than what you have in general across the world. 
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Kupferberg of Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Jason Kupferberg – Jefferies: Just a question on a couple of metrics. Can you just go into a little more detail on the U.S. credit side of the story? Because it was obviously great to see the acceleration there. I know you mentioned both commercial and consumer accelerated, but maybe you can parse that a little further, which accelerated more, or kind of where are you running more precisely on U.S. consumer? And then can you just clarify if the process transaction growth actually accelerated in the month of September? Because it looked like the full quarter number was quite a bit better than the July/August in the quarter update. 
Ajay Banga : On the first part, part about U.S. credit, the commercial credit of course picked up well, but the good news is that even in consumer credit we saw continued positive improvement. In fact, last quarter we told you that our U.S. consumer credit was actually a very small growth rate third quarter, better than that. I’m actually not going to give you the exact number, but it’s headed in the right direction. It’s not where I’d like it to be, but it’s headed in the right direction.  On investor day, we told you we’d won more than 60% of the [total] brand that have been up for bid in the U.S. over the past 12 months. We haven’t lost any where we were the incumbent. That remains the case. In fact, we got a few extra, as I just announced as well. So we’re kind of working on that.  It’s just going to be, as I said, a bunch of doubles and singles and stolen bases - quite appropriate for yesterday’s World Series game, although Chris [unintelligible] is probably a happy boy given that his team won. But there’s a bunch of doubles and singles and stolen bases to get our share back to where it should be for a company of our type. We have in the past lost share in that space, and I have said so, but we’re making progress. And that’s what’s giving us our numbers here.  Commercial credit just continues to do well, and that’s just the steady, steady growth rate in what we are doing in driving our acceptance advantage, our capabilities with smart data, we’ve put people on the street that actually go sell this product with our issuers to different corporate clients as well as small businesses and it’s beginning to show the results of the effort.
Martina Hund-Mejean : And with respect to your second question, actually when you look at July, August, and September data processed transactions grew fairly similar. There was a little bit of an up one, down one point, but it was very similar to the whole quarter and is very similar to what we’re actually seeing in October. And this is in both the United States as well as outside of the United States we are seeing these kinds of improvements over last quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW. Please go ahead.
Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW :   Question for Martina. I guess when I look at the domestic assessment yield, that’s been coming down quite a bit over the last couple of years, and I was just wondering at what point it might stabilize given the fact that you are seeing credit kind of pick up, and I guess the mix shift’s kind of played out a little bit?
Martina Hund-Mejean : It’s a good question, but you know, we are doing the significant work around the globe, in particular in countries that have a lot of work to be happening on the financial inclusion side. And when you look at these countries, South Africa, Nigeria, or even when you go back into Russia, you know how this starts first. If you’re going to put the cards out to people first, they’re going to get used to how to use these cards, which will be at ATMs, and that’s where you are seeing a little bit of a lower yield coming in for ATM transactions.  And then we’re working on the infrastructure for those consumers to be able to use the cards at merchants, which at that point in time you’re starting to see some different pricing for those kind of transactions. So it’s an evolution. And by the way, if we are doing our job correctly, that means expanding in those countries in a significant way, we should continue to be seeing some of these factors coming through over time and not stopping. 
Operator: Our next question is from Bill Carcache of Nomura Securities. Please go ahead.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities: Can you talk about how much of the strength that you saw in your U.S. credit volume growth rate was driven by the success that you’re having in the co-brand space, specifically? And how does the pipeline look for potential new co-brand wins? Has that dimmed given all the wins you’ve had recently, or do you still see room for growth, specifically in co-brand?
Ajay Banga : The room for growth definitely. The co-brand business is a relatively large business in the U.S., and there’s a constant cycle of brands that come up for renewal. And we’re in strong and continuous dialog as are all our competitors in the space, with a very large number of merchants, as well as airlines, hotels, and banks. So I think there’s a long runway here for growth and possibility. I’m not going to give you specific numbers on the growth specifically from the wins we had, versus what came out of a general improvement in some of the underlying mix of our portfolios versus that of our consumers, versus what came out from consumers going back to credit. Those three are the big factors, and I’m not going to give you specifics on that, but all three played a role.  Some of our stronger issuers have had better sales volume growth recovering over a period of time. We have seen the consumer using credit a little more than they used to, although debit is still clearly growing very handsomely as we’ve stated. But we’ve also seen the results of our first efforts in our co-brands as those cards are getting replaced and changed, that their volumes are coming through. I would tell you that those volumes are smaller than the impact of the first two topics, just because it takes time after you win a deal to convert the cards onto our brand.
Operator: Our next question is from Glenn Fodor of Autonomous Research. Please go ahead. 
Glenn Fodor - Autonomous Research: Martina, just a quick question. Would you say a greater portion of the investments you made this quarter are related to initiatives that you expect to drive revenue growth by 2015, within your financial goals period? Or were they more heavily weighted to longer-term type return projects that are more in their infancy right now? 
Martina Hund-Mejean : It’s really a mixture. As you know, we always look at investments that in the short term bucket, which means that they’re really returning over the next 12 to 18 months a return; the medium term bucket, which is more like a 3 to 4 year timeframe; and the longer-term bucket, which is kind of the 5-plus return. And so there are a number of things in there, as we did, but of course when you see all of the comments that we made about digital convergence and all the investments that have to go in there from a security and safety point of view, how you put the product together from a consumer merchant experience, we do have of course some investments going in there, and we’ll see how that’s going to play out for the future.
Ajay Banga : Things like tokenization will probably only pay back in terms of better consumer experience and better fraud control out there in some period. When it’s things like simplified commerce, if it gets picked up well in the marketplace, which we are very hopeful of, then you would find that to be a more interesting item closer in this period.  So it’s actually a mixed bag of stuff, but that’s not just this quarter. What’s going on on our G&A line is the results of continued and sustained investments organically and some inorganically which become organic in our base, as we said, after a period of time. So Access Prepaid is now in our base. The money we put into expanding the capabilities of Access Prepaid show up in our G&A line, whereas if you were to buy, once we conclude the acquisition of Provus, that’s going to show up for a while as separate from being in our base.  So it’s actually a very complicated question to answer, but the way we manage this inside the company is we look at our strategy, which we lay out for you on investor day, we make sure that we’ve got adequate resources going towards the basic elements in that strategy of new merchants, new consumers, digital physical convergence, and all the [space] for the safety and security, and then we put a certain amount of energy into more short term kinds of growth rate and revenue. So it’s a mixed bag. 
Operator: Our next question is from David Togut of Evercore Partners. Please go ahead.
David Togut - Evercore Partners: Could you size for us your European debit processing pipeline, and in particular are there any large transactions that we might see on the horizon?
Ajay Banga : So I guess you’re talking about the whole stuff in SEPA, right, what goes on there? The fact is that we’re now seeing domestic volumes in virtually every one of the SEPA countries. And as you know, a few years back we only saw cross-border.  So in this third quarter, the processing of domestic Maestro transactions increased by 19% in the SEPA region. We’ve grown in the Netherlands, we’ve had very attractive percentages of growth in Austria and Belgium, but also lower pace. The Netherlands is actually the much higher base, as you’ll remember from all the work we did.  So we are kind of moving along in that range, and we’re going to keep, I think, getting breakthroughs in a number of countries in this space. Acquisitions of things like Provus actually could be helpful in driving this number, as is all the work that we have done with a similar company that we built up in Poland over the last four or five years. And those are the kinds of things that we’re trying to do to get to a better place in those domestic transactions. 
Martina Hund-Mejean : And one other region that you’re really going to see in our numbers, as we already said, is really the Nordics, and in particular Sweden. And that is on the debit [but for year 2].
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Maurer of CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Craig Maurer - CLSA: Regarding the cross-border volume growth, it really is separating itself from your largest competitor. The 13 consecutive wins you’ve had in China and the fact that that’s only cross-border, is that a major contributor to that separation? I obviously understand the inter-Europe discussion. And also, is the recent revelation regarding the NSA impacting any of your discussions with issuers around the globe?
Ajay Banga : There’s no doubt that China, as you know, is a pretty attractive cross-border spending market. Every country around the world is targeting Chinese tourists. And so that’s a pretty obvious one. We have benefited certainly from that, but you know, in the context of our overall numbers,  I don’t want to overstate the importance of China to our total numbers. We’ve got very good cross-border volume growth in every region, and so China contributes to the Asian growth in terms of cross-border, but there’s a lot of other countries in Asia that are driving very attractive cross-border. I mean, countries like Australia and New Zealand are outstanding in cross-border volume growth. Countries across ASEAN are giving us good benefits. When you come to Latin America, you’ve got growth. You go to Europe… So it’s a mixed bag. I’d be careful to overstate the importance of one country.  But I love the position we’re in in China in terms of winning those co-brands, and we’re still winning some, despite all the changes that are going on with the WTO ruling in China, which as you know is still not completely clear where that’s going, but we’re still winning some brands there. The NSA discussion is a much deeper discussion, way beyond just us, but you know, right now we’re not having a direct situation with any issuers in countries overseas that impact us. I think the longer, bigger term issue for a lot of global companies is that if the fears about privacy go to a point where people would attempt to find ways to have more localization, then that certainly impacts the way that you construct your business model over time. Now, we’re a little more fortunate than some of our competitors in that when Bob Selander built the technology system in our company, he built it in a distributed way, so more than 80% of our transactions in any country are approved at local servers in that country, installed by us, called MIPs. And I have no idea what the damned thing stands for, it’s Mastercard something. But they are black boxes lying in different banks and retailers. I’ve been told the name and what it stands for regularly. I keep forgetting it. So basically a black box with blinking lights that helps you to clear transactions locally.  And we download an intelligence logic into that regulatory over the course of a day that enables us to say card number so and so tends to behave like this, and therefore transactions that come in of that type get approved locally, on soil, on the ground, in that country. Very few transactions actually come back to St. Louis in our case, for being diagnosed and approved. And during the time that we had, for example, an undersea cable break between Taiwan and the U.S., we were able to dial that 80% to 100%. So our continuity of business is also better than a number of our competitors. So, you know, we’re using all those discussions as we’re out there overseas, but you know that nationalistic tendencies are a tendency not just in our industry but in a number of industries. So the NSA is just one small pimple on a dimple on the ant’s left cheek on that issue.
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Perlin of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Dan Perlin - RBC Capital Markets : I have a broad-based question. You know, both yourselves and Visa have put forth in prepared remarks on a call the safety and the security and the integrity of the network. And I’m just wondering, is this approach, you know, for your token agenda? Or is there something else that’s happened over the course of the past year where the technology players have come in, they’ve seen how difficult it is. You guys act as the grownup in the room, and so they’re kind of gravitating back towards the security of the network? If you could just elaborate on that I’d appreciate it.
Ajay Banga : The timing of the fact that Visa has this in yesterday’s call and the fact that we’re talking about it today is just crazy coincidence. And I don’t even know, I think I should give Charlie a call after this and say was he prescient or what? But I have no idea. [unintelligible] The fact is that tokenization happened in this quarter.  And to us, tokenization is a material change and move forward in the way that we believe as an industry, not just Visa, us, and Amex, who put this out together, but even the issuing community, with whom we’ve been in very good dialog, who frankly are very interested in this themselves.  The idea is to find a way, as you can clearly guess, to protect the weakest link in the security chain, which is the smaller merchant, who you cannot expect them to be spending the same kind of money as we would on data encryption, both at storage and in motion, on the managing of that data and so on.  So we’re trying to, as an industry, find a responsible way to help control that while at the same time allow for what I believe in the digital world will be the holy grail, which is the least friction, from a consumer’s point of view, in how to execute a transaction. You know, Millennials these days don’t like friction in hunting and shopping. And it’s just a very important part of what we’re trying to go at.  So we talked about safety and security because of the tokenization event this quarter. I would otherwise have chosen a different topic. I’m trying to pick one topic of interest every quarter to you guys, and talk about that in some depth. And then [unintelligible] other topics, and I’ll start again, but that’s kind of what I’m trying to do. And safety and security happened to be the one for this quarter. Now, the aspect of, our networks have great barriers of safety and security in terms of what we’ve built and invested over a long period of time, and there are a lot of other who’ve said they could just do this business, realized that being in the payments business is more than having a network of some type that exchanges data. Yet absolutely for three or four years now, we’ve been talking to mobile network operators, we’ve been talking to banks, we have talked to merchants, we have talked to others, and said what we bring to the table are our assets, one of which is the safety, security, and reliability of our network.  Because we’ve got other assets too, like the one I just described about how 80% of our transactions are approved locally. And so some of our assets are common across the industry, some of our assets are differentiated for us compared to others, and we are certainly using all of them in our conversations. 
Operator: Our next question is from Glenn Greene of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer : I guess from your comments, Martina, sort of talking about the extra processing day in the quarter, I just want to be real clear, because obviously it was a topic of conversation last night on Visa’s call. But did you see any slowdown in volume trends toward the end of the quarter and through October? It doesn’t sound like it, but want to be clear on that. And then maybe you could just help us parse the acceleration in the European volume trends with some particulars on the Eastern Europe part of the business. How fast did that grow and what’s the portion of the European pie from Eastern and Central Europe at this point? 
Martina Hund-Mejean : First of all, for the first question, yes there was, as I said, an extra processing day in the first quarter, but when I look at July, August, and September, other than what we saw from an oil price impact in the United States, we really haven’t seen any significant impact from a change in the growth rates. It was relatively even.  You know, you could see in September just being a tad lower, but then you see it quite coming up in October again. So truly, even when you adjust for the processing day, there wasn’t really impact on that. And then when you compare the third quarter versus October, just to get a sense of how the fourth quarter is starting, again, very, very similar growth rates, if you compare like for like.  So on your second question, on the detail of growth in Eastern Europe, you know, Eastern Europe for us, because this is part of our European region, includes a lot of very high growth markets such as Russia, Poland, a number of other countries that are sitting in Eastern Europe.  And a lot of things that are driving there is that you have a lot of uses of cash, like [unintelligible] frankly, and they’re putting all of those cards out in the market, and people are getting more used to be using cards rather than cash, from a security point of view, from a convenience point of view, from an ease point of view, etc.  And that is really what’s driving our growth and we really have not seen any letting up in those kinds of countries, from a growth perspective, and as long as we continue to do our work there, you should see quite a bit of contribution from that secular trend coming.  The economic environment is, you know, depending how it is. You guys know that we have three influences of growth, one is the economic environment, the second is the secular trends, and the third is obviously market share. But you know, we [unintelligible] the last two things, and that’s what you’re seeing in particular in that region. 
Ajay Banga : You know, we are really trying very hard to influence the second one, which is the secular trend, compared to just waiting for this to happen due to population changes or urban demographics or middle class demographics and so on.  That’s why the financial inclusion angle is such an important part of what we’re doing, and why we’re spending so much time, effort, and energy on it. So that’s what we’re trying to influence there. The share, yes, that’s what we’re fighting for, and fortunately we’re doing okay there. It’s the economic trends that we don’t control. But yes, Eastern European countries are growing for all those reasons.  Somebody just emailed me with what MIPs stands for. So, Mastercard Integrated Processing Systems. And let it be known that I now know what it is. [laughter] 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Keane of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank: I was just thinking about rebates and incentives in the industry. I know Visa yesterday highlighted a pickup for their fiscal year ’14 in rebates and incentives. Your rebates and incentives growth rate for the first three quarters has been pretty modest. You talk about a little bit of a pickup in the fourth quarter, but I guess the overriding question is, are you seeing a pickup in rebate in incentives in the industry? Because one of your comments was that you thought rebates and incentives were lower in some contracts than in the past. So I’m just trying to reconcile all these comments.
Martina Hund-Mejean : First of all, I don’t expect significant change from a rebates and incentives line point of view, when I look over the last three years, and when I look in the future. By the way, all my comments on rebates and incentives are always included when I talk about our net revenues, right? We don’t really talk about growth and rebates in the sense that we talk about net revenues. So I don’t see any major change.  We just had an interesting development here for the last couple of quarters in this year, which is that we had a couple of contracts where customers did not perform to what the performance hurdles were in the contract, and therefore we didn’t pay out the level of incentives that were agreed as part of the contract. That was really what was driving it. When you pull that apart, our rebates and incentives line is really going back to the kind of growth rates that we had produced over the last three years.  And that’s what I have said now about the fourth quarter. We’re going right back to the kind of growth rates on rebates and incentives as what we have seen in the past. So no different. 
Ajay Banga : So really it’s an in and out issue. Those couple of clients that we’ve had this conversation with about performance versus contract have made adequate difference with total numbers, as you are seeing this change.  You shouldn’t expect that that should be something which persists in the future, because the fact of what Martina is saying is that the underlying conversations, the underlying deals being signed, the kind of rebates that go into them, the construct of them may change from client to client. Some may be constructed one way, some the other way, but basically they’re there and going on.  And then the other big aspect of rebates and incentives, the damned thing is lumpy. You go sign a couple of big new deals, and they’re lumpy. You will get things come in that quarter which may not be quite what we expected. It is a challenge with that line in our P&L.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Jeffrey of SunTrust. Please go ahead. 
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey : Just a follow up or maybe a point of clarification on tokenization. I understand the rationale on it. It makes perfect sense to me, and [unintelligible] friction is an important topic in payments and P2P and other areas.  I can’t help but think a little bit in the back of my mind that tokenization also offers kind of a very convenient Trojan Horse by which the established networks can perhaps smooth the path for payments and increased security on traditional card-based payments and simultaneously, potentially throw up a roadblock to some of the disruptors who might not be able to accommodate the tokenization technology that’s being advanced by the established participants. Am I way off in left field somewhere? 
Ajay Banga : You have more devious mind than I do. [laughter] I’ll tell you, it’s a very simple issue. If you go back to the days of introducing standards and mandates around requiring a certain level of payment system integrity in the industry, which we put out, the idea was to enable issuers and merchants - and not only enable, but ask them to raise their thinking, their quality, and their capability in that space - so we could help provide protection for consumer data. That’s where this is coming from. And it’s worked in some ways because a number of people have raised their bar. But frankly, it hasn’t worked in others, because smaller merchants, smaller banks, smaller acquirers, are always going to find it more difficult to keep pace with what is a very well-funded industry, which is aiming at fraud.  The digital world, the onset of a digital physical converging world, creates a whole new challenge in that space in terms of the number of different players and the way data moves around among those players. All we are trying to do is to find a way to use our capacity and our capability as banks and networks to provide a protection filter in this process.  Now, if you take back [unintelligible], which we bought years ago, and had the ability to create virtual card numbers, or the virtual card number facility that [unintelligible] used to offer when I was still working there, for you to be able to purchase things online by using a different card number, these are all elements of tokenization, the early elements. What you’re seeing us do now is a systemic methodological process-driven getting at tokenization, where not only will you get your current payment instrument - be it a card or your account, or a fingerprint that’s connected to your card, or whatever the heck it is, some account number in the sky - will remain in the sky protected, and the data that will flow out will flow out differently to different mobile devices that you choose to interact with. So not only will your number never reach the last point in the chain, it could also reach differently for each device you work with. And therefore, it gives me yet another methodology of preventing people from using numbers on the wrong device, which you haven’t registered your original account with. And so on and so forth. So it’s actually planning for tomorrow’s world of digitization rather than the current world of digitization. So what we’re trying to do is to create these industry standards. There’s going to be a ton of open APIs and the like that we are working with. You look at MasterPass, it’s full of open APIs. The idea is to allow players in the industry to get our standard as a fundamental system and then innovate on top of it, no differently, by the way, from what a lot of people do in Silicon Valley. You create a standard, and you allow people to innovate on it. That’s what we’re trying to do. It’s quite the opposite of what you’re thinking.
Operator: Our next question is from Darrin Peller of Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Darrin Peller - Barclays: I just want to touch on the other revenue line. It increased by a little more than what we expected, and I think last quarter there were certain fees in there, the staged wallet fee and I think the acquirer fee, or one of the acquirer fees, also that anniversaried. So I might have expected that growth rate to be a little bit lower this quarter. Can you just give us a sense of what’s driving that segment or that line?
Martina Hund-Mejean : From an other revenue point of view, you should continue to see some of the things that are not really related to our volume based business and our transactions based business going into here. So, for instance, some of the acquisitions have been made from an Access Prepaid point of view, from a DataCash point of view, etc., you would be seeing increases there. Pricing actually had a very, very little impact on this, but over time you should be seeing this number going up from a growth perspective.
Ajay Banga : Advisors revenue also comes in here.
Martina Hund-Mejean : We have a number of information services we have in there, so we have a number of other things in there.
Darrin Peller - Barclays : So overall that line could be growing at a faster than corporate pace?
Martina Hund-Mejean : It depends. It depends how these businesses are basically developing and the care and the feed that we put into these businesses. They’re more of our newer businesses. But you know, all of that is pretty much included in our net revenue performance objectives target for the next three years.
Ajay Banga : For sure, if we can build our data analytics business the right way, that’s one of the items in other areas, and that should get a better percentage growth rate than the traditional transaction based business, in the beginning at least. When it becomes a certain size and scale - it’s getting to a decrease number these days… And so it’s all there. This is all behind that other revenue line. 
Martina Hund-Mejean : Other income expenses, we have been saying for a number of quarters now that you should really expect that line to be trending into negative territory, because really we have some of our joint venture activity in the investments that we make in those joint ventures, one of which is, for instance, the Telefonica JV that we have in Latin America, the two of them that we have.  So you should be seeing that line trending down over time into negative territory until we obviously get the return of the investment. However, that trend has been masked this quarter. We had a couple of items in there that basically increased this line item, and you saw it in positive territory. There were really two things. One, we had some gains on some bonds that we sold. So on the investment side. And two, we actually had some reversal of interest related to our FIN48. So this was our tax reserve accruals that we do from time to time.  But other than that, when you pull those items out, you really should, again, see that line item trending down. 
Operator: Our next question is from David Hochstim of Buckingham Research. Please go ahead. 
David Hochstim - Buckingham Research: Could you give us a little more color on what you’re spending incrementally in advertising and marketing? Where are you finding opportunities? What are you doing differently?
Ajay Banga : Actually, in addition to the [unintelligible] we’re doing a lot of things around changing the way our money is spent. So a fair amount of money has gone into activation-oriented spending. That’s why the Priceless Cities campaign started. We’re now in 26-plus cities and headed for more.  That costs us some money to create both the asset base in those cities but also the actual marketing locally in those cities. And we keep building the asset base, so as I get an opportunity, I’ll spend some money and put another city on the map, on the Priceless Cities area. That’s one kind of thing. Another one is we’re changing the way we spend our money with sponsorships. And so earlier we would pay a lot of that money to the organization that facilitated the sponsorship. We’ve kind of changed that to [unintelligible] spend the money on activation in that location.  So if you were watching the Red Sox game over the last two days with the Cardinals, you would have seen Stand Up to Cancer coming up with us a couple of times in there. That’s the kind of thing we’re trying to do. We’re trying to get exposure and benefits of that exposure through partnering with the right kind of elements and partners.  And then we’re doing some money on traditional media advertising. You probably saw some advertising on our Acceptance Matters campaign, because we believe we have a competitive advantage there over other players in the commercial and [unintelligible] card space. So these are very targeted. They’re all under the Priceless umbrella, but executed based on opportunities we see at that time.
Operator: Our last question is from Tien-tsin Huang with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Just on G&A, it was up a little bit. How much of that was driven by headcount? Martina, just trying to gauge how sustainable that level is. And then just as a follow up, just thinking about M&A, I know you talked about that a little bit at the investor meeting, looking at Paypal buying Braintree. Does Mastercard need to own a gateway in the U.S.? I’ve been thinking about that topic a lot, thought I’d ask you on the call.
Martina Hund-Mejean : I’ll take the first question on G&A. So when you actually look, you know that most of our G&A numbers really are related to investments in people. I mean, when you look at the trajectory that we are in terms of our hiring rates in the United States, since December 31 of 2012 we hired about 500 people at this point in time. And you should expect to see that coming into the fourth quarter too.
Ajay Banga : We’re hiring across the world. It’s not just in the U.S. We’re hiring in different parts of the world. We’re hiring in London and Singapore and so on and so forth to kind of get our footprint improved, but also our technical and technological capacities.  One little number that will give you a hint on that front is four years ago the Millennials in our population were 4%. They’re now 30% of our population in our employment population. Not all caused by hiring. Part of it is caused by the acquisitions. DataCash and Access had a different age profile. But also by the hiring, and all the [unintelligible] hiring isn’t incremental. Some of it is to replace the people who leave for various reasons.  So it’s kind of a mixed bag. But there’s a lot of money that’s going into the people. There’s a lot of money going into technology. So tokenization requires investment. It’s a real technological platform that’s been invested and sustained, and will require investment for a little period of time to come. So there’s a lot of that going on.  As far as the gateway question is concerned, you’re absolutely right. I’d love to get into a bigger gateway position in the United States. The fact is, now that we feel comfortable where we are with DataCash and MiGS. We had MiGS earlier, as you’ll remember. We bought DataCash, put them together. We’ve got that management team pretty well organized. They are doing a very good job of executing, and they’ve entered into Latin America and they’ve entered into a few global merchants including some in the U.S.  But there are lots of ways to get into that space, and one of those could be not just through buying gateways, but buying adjacent businesses that allow our gateway capability to connect well with the adjacent business to get a footprint into the U.S. And so we’re working on a ton of those ideas, and just one of them hasn’t [unintelligible] yet, and haven’t come in at a value that I’d be happy to pay for some of the things that have been acquired by other people. So I will leave you with a few closing thoughts. We are pleased with our solid third quarter results. As Martina said, we’ve used the opportunity to put some money back into A&M, but we’re also continuing to invest in the most sustained way in the longer term aspects of our business.  And she and I talked about this in some detail, she in particular, at the investor day, when she laid out the banner under which our investments were going. Those investments can be organic, in areas such as the convergence of physical and digital or in areas like technology that supports safety and security. But they can also be through acquisitions like Truaxis and Access Prepaid.  And we recently announced Provus, which hasn’t got, as you know, approved yet. Hopefully it will get all sorted out in the fourth quarter, and we can talk about it after that. But these are only a few examples of the many initiatives that we are into that should drive long term growth. And it connects back to the kind of question Tien-tsin just asked, how we are trying to grow. Our business continues to have strong momentum. We’re focused on delivering another good year, and I just want to thank you for your support through this entire period, and thank you for joining us on today’s call.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Gasper - Head of Investor Relations Ajay Banga - President and Chief Executive Officer Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer Noah Hanft - Chief Franchise Integrity Officer, General Counsel and Secretary 
Analysts:  Craig Maurer - CLSA Jason Kupferberg – Jefferies Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Darrin Peller - Barclays Smittipon Srethapramote - Morgan Stanley Chris Brendler – Stifel Glenn Fodor - Autonomous Research Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities David Hochstim - Buckingham Research Tom McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan  
Operator: Welcome to the MasterCard’s Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Glenn and I’ll be your operator today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. Ms. Gasper, you may begin. 
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Glenn. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for a discussion about our second quarter 2013 financial results. With me on the call this morning are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. Until then, no one is actually registered to ask a question. This morning’s earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Both the earnings release and the slide deck include reconciliations of any non-GAAP measures to their GAAP equivalents. All of these documents have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one week through August 7. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today’s earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today’s call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard’s future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our recent SEC filing. With that, I will now turn the call over to our CEO, Ajay Banga. Ajay? 
Ajay Banga: Good morning, everybody. We are very pleased to report EPS growth of 23% for the second quarter. Our net revenue growth of 15%, operating expenses grew 5%, and we continued to execute on our global strategy and navigate through what we all know is a somewhat uncertain economic environment. So, let’s take a look first of the U.S. consumer spending was up last quarter. Retail sales growth was better than expected. Housing indicators continued to show signs of recovery. Our spending pulse data for the second quarter showed a growth in U.S. retail sales ex-auto was 4%, that is over the same quarter of the prior year, and that is up from 2.6% as the same number for the first quarter. So, contributing to the growth was a steady improvement in consumer confidence and some stabilization in the employment levels in the country. Our own U.S. business reflected these improving trends with 6% volume growth, up from last quarter’s 4% growth. Moving on to Europe, the environment is somewhat similar to what we saw. Over the last several quarters, there are a few upbeat notes there. Economic trends were similar for the UK and for parts of Continental Europe. During the second quarter, consumer confidence increased there. Business sentiment was a little weak in the second quarter there. Although recent PMI studies indicate that business sentiment now may also be turning up. In spite of those mixed economic signals, we are still seeing opportunities to expand our business and take advantage of that secular shift from cash through electronic and that shows up in our solid second quarter volume growth of 14% in Europe. In the Asia, consumer spending in the second quarter was on the rise. In the majority of markets, consumer confidence levels are doing well across the regions with key markets like Korea and Japan being marked improvements. Business sentiment across the region is mixed and that's kind of due to the lingering concerns about the effects of the sluggish Chinese and European markets may have on the broader Asian export dependent economy. Our business in the region however continues to do well. We had volume growth of 21% in Asia. Latin America, consumer confidence in both Brazil and Mexico is somewhat challenged for all the reasons you read about and expectation for GPD growth in Mexico have recently been lowered. But we are still growing our volume in Latin America at almost 17% but clearly we are watching the wider economic trend there very carefully. So before we go over to some recent business highlights, I thought I'd spend a minute on the legal and regulatory front and particularly with regard to the U.S. Merchant litigation, the merchant opt-out period ended in late May and as most of you already know about 8000 merchants decided to opt-out of the cash settlement. The represents just marginally over 25% of the total purchase volume over the settlement's time frame. The defendants as a group have the right to terminate the settlement agreement because the volume threshold of 25% was exceeded, but elected not to do so. We expect most of the larger merchants who opted-out will file separate actions to recover damages and many of them have already started to do so. The final approval hearing is scheduled to begin on September the 12th. We remain confident that the settlement will be approved. We are also pleased that the Canadian Competition Tribunal recently upheld our no surcharge Honour-All-Cards and No-Discrimination rules in Canada. And in Europe, I know that Javier and Noah were on a call with most of you last Thursday to discuss the EC's proposed legislation. So I'm going to spend less time on that, but I do want to offer a couple of thoughts that I have in my mind on the topic. We partner with governments around the world in many areas related to electronic payments but there will be times when the interest of some of our stake holders require us to raise concerns of our proposed action, this is one of those times. We support the European Commission’s gold of a secure, efficient, competitive innovative European payments industry. We believe that they have made a good start towards recognizing the importance of a level playing field. It also appears that there is actually potential to further open up and get competition in place for domestic processing. However we remain concerned that some of the proposed legislation could have unintended consequences of hindering competition, and innovation, and we remain concerned that it could be harmful to consumers and small merchants in Europe. And so in the upcoming debate as this legislation, the proposed legislation winds its way through the process, we are going to engage all participants in the process. We will try and ensure the best possible outcome in the best possible way. Finally I want to reiterate Javier’s confidence that our model, our business model will adapt as necessary to allow us to compete effectively and continue to provide innovative payment products and services that our customers want to offer, consumers want to use, merchants want to accept and that's where we are focused on. So moving from there on to some recent business activity. You will get a chance to see a lot of things that are invested in September. So I’m going to focus our progress here around a few key themes and keep in short. During the quarter we continued to sign new agreements, supporting the expansion of our credit and debit business that's the first theme including the following examples. In Europe, Danske Bank, the largest bank in Denmark will be issuing MasterCard consumer debit, credit, and commercial cards in 10 countries. And together with what we did with Fred (ph) Bank, Nordea as our wins (ph) there, we expect to grow our total market share by 50% in the Nordic and Baltic region over the next five years. In Korea we have two new debit card wins to help lock in our debit market leadership position. First is the (inaudible) Card the recent spin-off of the card division of one of Korea's largest retail banks and they are now issuing platinum debit cards with us. We also recently signed an agreement with Hana SK that will further increase our dominant share of their debit portfolio. In the U.S., we continued to aggressively pursue all opportunities in the consumer credit and co-brand space as they arise. We’re pretty confident and are showing regular progress as and when they come up and we can announce them. Moving to cross-border, which as you know is an important part of our business that's the second theme. Let me give you a flavor of some of our new travel and affluent (ph) programs around the world. In the UK our access prepaid business recently launched four new multi-currency cash passport programs, all of which are available online. One example is British Airways launching their Executive Club Cash Passport card, which is capable of having up to seven currencies loaded on the card. South Africa, (inaudible) bank in South Africa launched the country’s first re-loadable prepaid travel multi-currency card. This allows for four currencies to be loaded on to the card. And one of the largest financial institutions in the Middle East, the Riyad Bank in Saudi Arabia just launched a gold-plated World Elite card for their private banking client, and these benefits include everything from unlimited lounge access at our cross-border rewards program and the like. So, the third theme, leading the transition to digital payments, we are focused on creating better shopping experiences for the consumer, more value for the merchant. And then I will give you a couple of examples. First, MasterPass Digital Wallet, that rollout has now expanded to four countries. Canada launched the past quarter. The UK is launching as you read in the media as we speak. With the addition of web.com, that’s a provider of internet services for small businesses in the U.S. and Canada, this wallet is now accepted at more than 20,000 merchants globally. In Singapore with the addition of SingTel’s recent launch of their mCASH program, all three telcos in Singapore, SingTel, StarHub, and M1 now have wallets MasterCard as the only open loop payment card option. Last theme, IPS, or issuer processing platform for debit, ATM, and prepaid. As you know, IPS enables our consumers and our customers rather to decrease their reliance on their legacy systems, increase their ability to drive innovation, get to market quicker reduces some of that cost of complying with some of the increasingly complex regulatory requirements. In the U.S., e-bank (inaudible) and USAA, all recently completed conversions for IPS. Wells Fargo is completing a conversion later this year for a commercial prepaid offering. IPS also part of the access prepaid, which is our prepaid program manager to support global travel programs, such as the Qantas multi-currency card, which I have talked about last quarter. So, just to give you a headline on this, in the last couple of years, we have increased our IPS customer base from 5 to 16. We are now in 23 countries and 17 languages. We can scale and we will scale and we will expand the platform. So, now let me turn the call over to Martina for a detailed update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina? 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning everyone. Let me begin on page three of our slide deck, where you can see this quarter the as reported as well as the FX adjusted growth rate by essentially the same. As Ajay said, we are very pleased with our performance this quarter given the continued slow growth economic environment. Net revenue growth of 15% combines with operating expense growth of 5% supported our net income growth of 19%. And EPS growth of 23% also benefited from our share repurchase programs. Cash flow from operations was $742 million, and we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents, and other liquid investments of about $5.1 billion. During the quarter, we repurchased almost 1.1 million shares of Class A common stock at a cost of approximately $580 million. Through July 25, we repurchased almost 300,000 shares at a cost of $174 million, and we now have $1.1 billion remaining under the current Board authorization. You will continue to look to repurchase shares on an opportunistic basis. So, let me turn to page four, and here you can see the operational metrics for the second quarter. Our worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV, was up 13% on a local currency basis to just over $1 trillion. U.S. GDV grew 6% with credit volumes growing 3%. And U.S. commercial credit growth was in the low teens similar to last quarter. U.S. consumer credit growth was slightly positive also an improvement from last quarter. Our U.S. debit growth was 9% driven by higher growth across all of our consumer and commercial debit as well as prepaid programs. And outside of the U.S., volume growth was 17% on a local currency basis. This continues to be driven by APMEA with more than 20% growth and solid 14% and 17% growth in Europe and LAC respectively. First quarter volume grew 17% on a local currency basis including more than 20% in LAC and APMEA and growth in the high-teens in Europe. So turning to page five, process transactions grew over 11% globally. In the U.S. Retail growth of 5% which was lower than last quarter as we anniversary our pin debit processing wins. As you know, we are managing pin debit transactions to optimize our revenue and our transaction level has remained about the same over the past several quarters. Outside the U.S. process transactions grew 20%. We saw increased growth in all regions but particular strength in Brazil, Russia, Australia, Netherlands and South Africa. Globally the number of cards grew 8% to 1.9 billion MasterCard and Maestro-branded cards. Let me now turn to page six with some insights on our revenue. Within our net revenue growth of 15%, gross revenue grew 12% in-line with volume and transaction drivers as well as some pricing. Rebates and incentives only increased by 2%. As you know the rebates and incentive line can move around on a quarter-to-quarter basis depending on the timing of deals. Specifically in the second quarter, we had two factors that contributed to this relatively low growth rate. First, some contracts were not yet signed by quarter close and second we had some lumpiness due to the performance of a few contracts. Overall these factors represented about 2.5 percentage points of our total 15% net revenue growth. Similar to the prior quarter, growth in domestic assessment was again driven by strong growth outside of the U.S. which comes at a lower yield. And the gap between the growth in first quarter volume and revenue continued to be due a higher mix of intra-Europe activity excluding the impact of pricing. So let's look at the components of total operating expenses which you see on page seven. The increase in G&A expense was primarily driven by the impacts of higher compensation costs as a result of the increase in the number of employees compared to the same last year, to the same time last year to support our growth initiatives. The slight increase in advertising and marketing expense was mainly due to the impact of new and renewed sponsorships. Turning to slide eight, let's discuss what we have seen for the third quarter through July 28. Globally our cross-border volume grew about 15%, so that's just slightly below of what we saw in the second quarter. And this was primarily driven by slower growth outside the U.S. due to the timing of Ramadan. In the U.S., our processed volume grew 9%, up from our second quarter growth due to improvements in both credit and debit. Process volume growth outside of the U.S. grew 16% that's about equal to what we saw in the second quarter. And in particular our European process volume growth was in the mid-teens very similar to what we saw in the second quarter. Globally process transaction growth was 14% to up from the 11% that we saw in the second quarter driven by higher growth in the U.S. for both credit and debit. Looking forward let me start with our long term performance objectives which have not changed. We remain confident that our business can deliver an 11% to 14% net revenue CAGR and at least 20% EPS CAGR over the 2013 to 2015 period and these growth rates are on a constant currency basis and they exclude any new acquisitions. We also remain committed to our annual operating margin target of at least 50%. However, assuming that the economic environment remains similar to where it is today, we now expect that net revenue and EPS growth in the early part of this three year period will likely be at the low-end of our stated ranges for net revenue growth and EPS growth and that is slightly better than we previously anticipated. Now, I would like to share with you a few specific thoughts about 2013. So, given our stronger than expected second quarter net revenue growth and what we see for rebates and incentives for the balance of the year, we now believe that second half net revenue growth will be similar to what we saw in the first half. We continued to anticipate total 2013 operating expenses to grow a bit below the 8% currency adjusted growth rate that we saw in 2012 as we continued to spend on the right things to support our growth initiatives while keeping an eye on more discretionary spending. We also continue to foresee some operating margin expansion in 2013. The amount of any improvement as you know will depend on both top line growth and the investment opportunities that may surface during the year. And for your modeling purposes, we now think that you could see a full year tax rate of about 31%. With respect to FX, if rates remain the same as they are today, so that is the euro continues to trade at the 133 level and the Brazilian real at the 226 level for the rest of the year. The impact of the euro and the real will essentially offset each other for full year 2013. So, now let me turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session. Barbara? 
Barbara Gasper: Thanks Martina. We are now ready to begin the Q&A period. In order to get to as many people as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and then queue back in for additional questions. Operator? 
Operator: Thank you. We'll now being the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Craig Maurer from CLSA. You may go ahead. 
Craig Maurer - CLSA: Yes, good morning. I wanted to ask a follow-up to the European discussion, in terms of EU assessment revenue, what percentage of that is earned on a per volume – on a volume basis versus a card licensing basis as it would seem that there might be some rules preventing you from assessing on transactions where your scheme was not used to process even though your brand was present? 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Hey, Craig, it’s Martina. I think I will take that question. So, first of all, what I presume that you are actually asking about Article A8 on co-batching and the EC proposed legislation right. So, no look, we obviously know the number when you just strictly look at volume based assessment fees that we earned in Europe on domestic transactions that we do not process. And by the way, it’s not material to our overall MasterCard numbers. But I am a little bit reluctant to put out this number here at this point in time and really for a couple of reasons. One, this is one of the sections of the proposal where the language is actually unclear. And second, there are number of puts and takes in the entire legislation, which makes it clearly difficult for us at this point to estimate what part of this revenue figure might actually be subject to this potential provision. It all is basically wrapped out in terms for us being difficult to understand the intent of this co-batching provision. So, imagine, when an issuer elect to put our brand on a card they must have a reason for doing so, presumably because their consumer recognizes and values our brand and therefore uses his or her card with the MasterCard brand on it. That brings value to our stakeholders in the system. Of course, we are not going to provide our brand for free. And we don’t believe that, that could be the intention of the EC. On the other hand, there are also some other provisions in the proposal, which could as you know allow for more competition in domestic processing, which we would certainly welcome. So, why don't we get more clarification from the EC, we think that we still have quite a bit of work to do given our hands around the provision and how that could impact us if at all. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW. You may go ahead. 
Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW: Thank you. I guess I had a question about the rebates and incentives volume. It looks like there was some kind of restatement as well; it was about $21 million or so for last year's number. I was wondering if Martina you can just talk about that a little bit. And then just as far as your, the assumption going forward on rebate, should we expect that those levels remain fairly low consistent with the second quarter? Thanks. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Sanjay, so let me take the first one which is really a reclassification. So we had some of our advisor services both reflected in the growth revenue line and in the contra (ph) line all we did is we collapse them in the growth revenue line. So from a net revenue point of view there is absolutely no difference and all we did is the, reclass the number to 2012 so that as the accounting change came in on January of 2013, you were looking at apples-to-apples, okay? So that's on the reclass. In terms of the rebates and incentives, what you saw in Q2 was really a much lower growth rate on a rebates and incentives than we would normally see. All right and I said there are two factors. One is, we didn't get to sign all of the contracts that we thought we would sign by the end of the quarter, and those contracts will be showing up either in the third quarter or in the fourth quarter, so you cannot assume this level of rebates and incentives going forward. It will go back to our, what you normally see the lumpiness; this is a little bit more lumpy of course in the second quarter than we normally have. And then secondly I think I did explain that we had a couple of performances on the number of contracts where we paid out lower incentives than otherwise anticipated. So do not take this increase in rebates and incentives for Q2 and apply it for the rest of the year you really need to go back to my comments where I said that net revenues for the second half of the year will probably come in similar to what we saw in the first half of the year and that's baked in our assumptions in rebates and incentives. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Kupferberg from Jefferies. You may go ahead. 
Jason Kupferberg – Jefferies: Thanks guys, so just wanted to ask on the revenue side of things. It looked like both the purchase volume yields on domestic assessment as well as the revenue per process transaction or I should say the TP revs (ph) or process transaction were both down year-over-year I think on the purchase volume yields and the domestic assessments it was the lowest we have seen in a while and on the transaction processing revs for process transaction it was down year-over-year in Q2, I think almost as much as in Q1 despite the Durbin routing dynamics anniversary and can you just comment on those metrics if there were anomalies in those numbers or how we might think about them for the second half? 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah Jason first of all this trend we have now for a number of quarters. First of all let's talk about the domestic assessment right? What we have, we have particular growth coming in terms of jurisdictions outside of the United States often enough we have to obviously compete with what's going on from a domestic pricing point of view. So where we have the growth they do come at a lower yield, that’s number one. Number two; you also see when you look at our statistics that we put out that we have a relatively larger growth on cash transactions in those jurisdictions versus the U.S. transactions and those two impact the yields too. So by the way this is nothing different, as we are going to grow in those kinds of jurisdictions and really expand our business outside of the United States even more, you will see these trends continuing. From a transaction point of view, I think I said something as part of the transaction volume that we're seeing, we saw particular growth in Brazil, in Russia, in actually Poland, Netherlands, some Australia and those actually do drive also that differential between what you see on transaction growth versus what you see from a transaction yield point of view. Again nothing different than what we had before. 
Ajay Banga: Just think about all the, what will add to that first part of the question. Think about things like we are doing in Nigeria and South Africa with social security payments, what tends to happen is the consumer who gets an electronic card for the first time tends to in beginning go even more for cash than the average consumer in our portfolio. So, if we keep doing this well and we keep trying to intervene in the cash flow between governments and consumers, which is a large part of where the cash comes from, you will first find them growing the cash, then all the efforts taken around what we call the five-step program to take people from using cash at an ATM to eventually going more and more to delivering at a point of sales and that five step program takes certain number of years and a certain set of events to happen. So, we are going to speed this build and develop. I mean, that’s an important part of the nature of what we are trying to provide. 
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies: Alright. So, it’s the mix shift during the transition. Okay, thanks. 
Ajay Banga: Yes, absolutely. And you know Jason starting the transition that will happen in a year or two, this thing as you can imagine with 85% of the world’s transaction in cash, so the whole game to be played out here. So, you are going to get this mix of cash and POS and then in some countries, the POS picks up and others cash remains strong and it takes certain time for that mix to go the right way. 
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies: Okay, understood. Thank you. 
Ajay Banga: You’re welcome. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Moshe Orenbuch from Credit Suisse. You may go ahead. 
Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse: Great, thanks. I guess, as we sort of kind of discussed on previous calls, U.S. credit you had said was slightly positive and slightly better than the first quarter, but obviously the first quarter was a weak quarter because of the comparison. And it seems like it kind of accelerated somewhat less even then kind of what you had cited as overall retail spending and as your debit spending. We have seen a little bit of success in what you have done with Bank of America on the credit side. Anything else that you can kind of point to in terms of strategies and tactics, and can you also give us an update on the American Airlines contract? 
Ajay Banga: So, no update on American Airlines, because it ain't anywhere what I can tell you anything about it, and if I knew anything you can appreciate, I wouldn’t tell you and recall like this. So, that one won’t happen. We are in negotiations with them as is everybody else. So, there is a lot going on there, but we are all in negotiation. The first part, nothing has changed, we know that U.S. consumer credit is what we have to work on. We have got a series of things that we’ve been doing over the last period of time to try and improve the trajectory of our U.S. consumer credit spend growth. Some of it is caused by deals we are winning whether it be all the things we have announced over time, we have talked to with Bank of America doing things with us. So, there is a series of other deals from Maestro and Intercontinental Hotel Group through other banks like KeyBank and stuff we have done with Huntington and SunTrust and all that, that’s going on. For all those things, they have certain time to begin accumulating in the book just as lawsuit take a certain time to reflect in the book as you know in the past. So, we are kind of working of ways to it. There is number of opportunities around co-branding. There is number of opportunities around things like we are doing with Bank of America, where it’s not a wholesale cliff, but it’s the opportunity to work together in specific areas as we are working with. Some of those deals couldn’t get announced, because they weren’t signed. Some of those got signed. And so that’s one of the lumpiness in our numbers in Q2. So, stuffs going on and we will have ups and downs as we go along, but we have got a pretty clear pathway through working on both co-brand and the effort to win business with banks that are currently higher market share with other competitors. That’s the work. The third aspect is that the nature of our book and its performance depends a little bit on the nature of our customers' book and their performance. And as the banking industry more and more of the banking industry comes back to a normal deal on the credit book as the economy improves. I think these are the net beneficiary of that as well. I don’t think that showed up adequately as yet in our book. So, we’ve got to get these three things going on. 
Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse: Great, thanks so much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Darrin Peller from Barclays. You may go ahead. 
Darrin Peller - Barclays : Thank guys. You beat across number of matters clearly in the quarter, including incentives and also your cross-border yield came pretty strong. When you are seeing that raised expectations obviously versus the low end of – or to the low end of your range versus obviously the early years being below that previously. Can you just give us a sense specifically which metrics are coming in now better than you initially anticipated at the beginning of the year to drive that? And then maybe more specifically on cross-border second part of the question, the volume growth of 17% versus revenues of 20%, how much of that is actually pricing versus mix, just because we want to, especially since we have seen volume growth exceeding revenue growth over the lot several quarters? Thanks a lot. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: So, Darren, on the metrics, first of all, what we are seeing is that from a domestic volume point of view, we see improvements in a number of regions versus what we have seen before. To see what's going on in the U.S even though we would still think this is a pretty slow growth environment it is feeling a little bit better than earlier this year and certainly than late last year. Look at all of the price that is coming out of Europe, it's starting to feel better. In fact all of our European countries grew except for Spain, Spain there is a little bit of an issue but if you read the recent articles, it seems like that even that country starts to feel a little bit better going forward. So I think we’re just seeing a little bit of more robust that's coming in than what we assumed before. In terms of your question on the cross-border volume versus the revenue side, what you really have to contrast is our cross-border volumes grew 17%. And you saw that our revenues grew 19%. Really what we have in there is we have this quarter the U.S. Acquirer Support fee coming in, that's the first quarter that is coming in, it will be with us for another three quarters that reflects about 8 percentage points of that 19%. So if you take that out, if you compare 11% revenue growth to the 17% volume and that difference, that 6 percentage points difference is exactly what we have before in all of our prior quarters in terms of what's happening from the intra-Europe mix on cross-border versus inter-Europe mix. Remember intra-Europe mix comes at a lower yield than inter and so that's, again nothing new continuing trend and that's what we're seeing. 
Ajay Banga: So the only thing I'd add to that Darrin is that remember I have been saying for a while that I expected the second half in the U.S. to be better than the first half. I have said that now for three quarters, and I still believe that. The difference is the second quarter came in better in U.S. spending than we thought it would when we first made that statement. So what's happening is a little bit of that improvement that we thought we get in the U.S in the second half feels like its come a couple of months before what we had already factored in for our thinking when we spoke to you about our estimates of how this year would go some time back. So that a little extra is what you're seeing us show up in the second quarter results, one other thing that's driving it. There is a lot of others, there is cross-border, there is stuff in other countries and all that but the U.S. is at the end of the day 40% of our revenue give or take and so that number still drives a change in what we think. And that's kind of an important part of the context. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Smittipon Srethapramote from Morgan Stanley. You may go ahead. 
Smittipon Srethapramote - Morgan Stanley: I was wondering if you can give us an update on what you expect to see happen in China, our understanding was that the government over there was supposed to respond to the WTO by actually today? 
Ajay Banga: Yeah, so I think the way they are looking at it; my sense is that they are supposed to clarify certain things but their actual policy I think they believe they still have a month or two to respond in. So we’re kind of waiting for that to come out there, periodically talking to us as well as other players and clarifying that they have certain thoughts on how to open up. But in in truth we don't have enough of a picture to be able to give you a better answer. Just we're there talking to them all the time and they're working their way through their thoughts. Meanwhile life carries on. There is the normal issuance of co-brand cards going on and as I've been telling you we've been winning most of those deals, we're still in that same position. We've just got a couple of approvals for co-branded cards there we've issued those; work has started on those you have had the deal Alibaba, that's kind of moving in the direction. We wanted it to go, we have had that whole report about one cross-border e-commerce kind of player who used to do clearing in Renminbi in Hong Kong which the PDOC itself was not quite within what they want to do going forward that one has held up. But everything else is carrying on, so China is going along where it is today but everybody is waiting for the new policy. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Operator next question please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Brendler from Stifel. You may go ahead. 
Chris Brendler – Stifel: Can you talk about, I know we have hit this a lot on process transaction growth and transaction growth but the numbers in Europe particularly look really strong especially on a core basis accelerating sequentially, is that macro or are you still seeing the benefit of deals like the Netherlands and Italy and are there new deals that you potentially are signing in Europe, just the European transaction and core numbers look very strong. And just one additional question if I could, I just see a Bloomberg headline about a judge rejecting the debit fee regulations in the fed any color there would be helpful? Thanks. 
Ajay Banga: So, the Bloomberg headlines just talking to you, so we don’t have access to Bloomberg so I have no idea what the one is about. Noah, do you know anything about it? 
Noah Hanft: Don’t know about it. I separate calculation. The Europe one of the best way to answer is both. You are getting some improvement in macro, but we continue as we can tell you in our conversation, we have continued to win deals and then share both with institutions in Europe, but also remember we are continuing to get some transactions out of different places as the step of migration allows us to win some domestic processing across the country, across the countries in Europe. Martina? 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, let me just add something to that Chris, because actually mentioned the last Thursday’s conference call that we process well below 50% of the POS transactions done on our cards in the EEA. And actually when we put all the numbers properly together and it's actually just below 40%, and by the way if you include both POS and cash transactions, we only process about 25% of the transactions done on our cards. And so that’s why we are saying there is just absolutely plenty of opportunities for us to compete in domestic processing be standard over the last 4 or 5 years since I came in. And hopefully with some of the changes in the regulation, we might be able to do even more there. 
Chris Brendler - Stifel: Ajay, can I just ask more quickly your thoughts on whether or not the regulation in Europe would slow the progress on MasterCard’s ability to gain processing share or somehow increase it or is it at the same? 
Ajay Banga: So, what Martina was saying just that would indicate that I don’t believe it’s going to slow it down, and that’s kind of where we both are. We have kind of as you can imagine we have had a fair series of discussions in the company around this. The fact is that until everything becomes really clear, until it goes through the next, it could take a year, it could take two years for this to become really implemented. So, I don’t know how to answer that any better, because that just to be the European legislative process will work. In the meantime, they are carrying on building domestic processing business, because there is so much space for us to win. We were a very small portion of domestic processing till a few years ago. 
Chris Brendler - Stifel: Thank you. 
Ajay Banga: Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Glenn Fodor from Autonomous Research. You may go ahead. 
Glenn Fodor - Autonomous Research: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to dig into your financial goals just a little bit, I mean you made it very clear you are aggressively focusing on energizing the U.S. credit portfolio, but that takes time investment and obviously intensive, so can you just give us sense of how much improvement here such as new customer wins and such you have baked into these three-year financial goals? 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Look, Glenn, you just have to go back to what we have put up at the last Investor Day. This is just one chart, which clearly shows you the three drivers of our growth, right. One is TCE growth, right, and we assume 4% to 5% per year on average over long-term. The second one is the secular growth, which is basically the conversion from cash to check to electronic forms of payment that's 4% to 6% per annum roughly over longer term. And then in addition to that, you saw over 2, 3, 4 percentage points on top of it in terms of strategic investments. And strategic investments actually includes a number of things, it includes things that we are doing in the digital space. It includes things that we might be doing from a market share point of view. Those are all of the things that we have baked in and that’s out there and we haven’t changed our view on that (inaudible). 
Glenn Fodor - Autonomous Research: Yes, thanks Martina. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead. 
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank: Hi guys. Most of my questions have been answered, but just curious going back to the big news of last quarter around this Chase deal. Has there been any new perspective you guys have gotten from other bank participants and how you guys are thinking about that relationship as you know with other potential banks MasterCard works with? That’s kind of question A. And then question B, still curious to know if you guys have any idea if Chase is going to move some volume off of MasterCard over to Visa as a result of this deal? Thanks. 
Ajay Banga: Hey, Bryan. So, why I wonder what the other questions were, so, the first one Visa Chase, no nothing new, there is actually the same series of conversations that are going on, a number of the other banks and obviously are concerned about what this means longer term but everybody is kind of waiting and watching to see how this gets implemented. And I know we're in those dialogues, a number of them. It does help to help open doors for us without a doubt, but beyond that I have got no new perspective for you there. Will Chase move volume over the Visa? I mean we've also got volume coming to us from Chase, the Intercontinental Hotel Group co-brand is a Chase co-brand, which we just won. So will they move volume? I assume they would move some, but I'm not sort of inside of Chase discussing this, but as being a banker in my previous life I would still like to keep doors open with more than one network, because it suits me when I'm a banker. Does that mean that the shares will not change and the proportions will not change? I would assume that the proportions will move towards the one you have chosen to put more investment with. And so I actually believe that to be the case. I just don't know factually what they will do. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Julio Quinteros from Goldman Sachs. You may go ahead. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: When we are in at the last Investor Day together you had mentioned that once you show us margin above 55% it can be hard to go backwards, we’re running two quarters into the year at north of 58%. The full year guidance suggests just something around 50% I mean what's the delta there for the rest of the year as you guys think about the margin profile and why should your margin step back here from the sort of 58% level or so? 
Ajay Banga: I don't think it's going to go back to 50, we never said 50 is the guidance, we just said a minimum of 50. As I told you I did that when I came in because I found that at that time we were out testing, we’re going to continuously increase our margin by a few 100 basis points every year and I didn't feel that was a strategic goal for the company compared to growing our franchise, growing our revenue and converting cash. I just thought that's a much better way of thinking for what the company is trying to do than trying to put a margin growth target but you already have a relatively attractive margin in the company. Having said that our margins tend to be a little variable by quarter. So the fact that it's about 50 years right now from what I recollect normally the fourth quarter has a relatively low margin and I think that's been the case for the three or four years now. It's been the case for these three or four years that I have seen it. So I think the annual margin tends to settle at a different number but it's really since the fourth quarter also is a relatively large quarter in many other ways. So I don't know that you would assume that 58 is fixed, I would tell you this we are very focused on not going in and throwing away money just because the margin is higher, we would also focused as I said on taking away pricing as the only way to grow although as I have said many times we work on many lines of pricing every quarter and the results show up this quarter. There is certain amount of pricing. This pricing will give us some benefit for a couple of more quarters to come. We think at it around pricing every quarter, there are thousands of lines in 200 countries and that's a fair opportunity. So will it be a high increase in pricing, low increase in pricing? Remember this; I am not into pricing as the way to grow revenue. I mean we’re trying to fight that 85%. So, we will do what we can at the right time with pricing and margin. So, I still stick around with that 50% minimum that's to reassure investors that we’re not going to throw the money away. But I am not going to give you an estimate that it will go down or up just because we have quarterly variances and all we have to do is put some more money into a series of investments and we will take a couple of quarters where the margin will be lower than it is today. It'll still be for the year about 50 that I promise you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Rod Bourgeois from Bernstein. You may go ahead. 
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein: Yeah and so I guess on a related note on the margin front, I mean it's encouraging to hear that macro is starting to improve some in certain parts of your business particularly in the U.S. and maybe even some early signs in Europe, does that at all change your view on margins going forward? In other words in years with the revenue growth is weak you seem to give some margin expansion to help with the earnings growth. But as the macro continues to get better, how does that affect the outlook on the margin front? 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Hey Rod let me just jump in here. First of all we, you know we are not running the business based on a particular margin. As Ajay just said, we put a margin minimum in place to make absolutely ensure that our investors understand that we look at every investment that we do in the company critically, and as we do it in such a way that we get returns from it. That’s how we look investments. And really how we run the company is looking at these investments, making these investments every year, every quarter as we see that, and we think that based on our current business trajectory the way the business that we have today that we will be at a minimum 50% margin. We do not run them as business for margin expansion per se. 
Ajay Banga: That's across whether the economy is doing better or worse and that’s not what we are doing. And so I wouldn’t assume any change based on the U.S. economy looking better or not better nothing has changed in our strategy. 
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein: And just to clarify on that, does that mean as we move into 2014 your view on margins is still sort of keeping margins around 50% range? 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Absolutely, Rod, our annual operating margin minimum that we put out for three years is 50% and is the minimum, that doesn’t mean that it couldn’t go higher, because mostly because of revenue growth, but it’s a combination of where the revenue growth comes in and the investments we decide to make in the company. 
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein: Understood. And then on the pricing front, you mentioned that pricing was somewhat of a benefit, can you quantify was it sort of a 1% benefit and you are…. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: No, Rod it was 4% in total on the revenue line. 
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein: 4% in total. And then that benefit, does it taper off in the next couple of quarters? 
Martina Hund-Mejean: No, there are couple of pricing in there. One I already mentioned, which was the U.S. hiring support fee, we just started this quarter. That’s going to be with us for the next three quarters and that was probably about half of the price changes. And then we had a couple of other small ones. One anniversary this quarter I would just say acquire our licensee fee which we have talked about. And then there is a very small one, which you know that we have been starting to put through, which is pricing related to the digital wallet operators, but we are talking about smaller numbers again going forward. Operator, next question please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Carcache from Nomura Securities. You may go ahead. 
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities: Thanks. Good morning. Ajay, I was hoping you could give us a sense of whether in your conversations you see any indication of certain groups in the industry moving closer to thinking of debit as just being debit with the distinction between hidden signature just not being as important, for example, like in your discussions with issuers is given that their economics are identical for both now or do you see the distinction continuing to be drawn? And then I guess for the industry as a whole, I guess ex-market share shifts do you have a sense for whether there has been any kind of a notable shift in the mix of signature versus pin transactions post of the Durbin regulation? 
Ajay Banga: Both great questions, Bill. So, the second one, so what about industry as a whole has there has been a move from signature to pin, actually not identifiably so, has there been a move from debit to credit, not identifiably so. Do people talk about in the banking industry and in the merchants business? Do they talk about expecting changes? Yes, but it’s been about a year now and it hasn’t really delivered great change. And I think finally it’s not about the bank and the merchants, it’s about the consumer and what they want to do. I think the consumer is un-impacted by this dialogue in most ways other than seeing indirect impact caused by an increase in checking fees that have dropped in free checking accounts and so on. They don’t in their minds necessarily connect one to the other. And I think they are still behaving the way they choose to behave which to use their debit when they want and their credit when they want. They have impacted more by overall trends in the economy. So, I think as the U.S. economy continues to recover generate jobs and the like you will probably speak and increase in credit spending that may be faster than debit. But that still is out fare to be seen. That’s just past cycles I am talking about. So, I would say nothing much right now. 
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities: Okay, that’s really helpful, Ajay. If I may one last follow-up here, can you comment on the Isis announcement of international rollout and we have seen a number of reports suggesting that the rollout of NFC is just pretty unexciting, but can you share your thoughts on the growth outlook for NFC as you see it over the course of next say 12 to 18 months? Thanks. 
Ajay Banga: NFC to me has opportunities, because it is a technology that is applicable not just to payments, but also delivering things around security, and things around loyalty and so on and so forth. I think anything that goes beyond just payment to the whole shopping experience, to the whole consumer experience; to the merchants experience is an important aspect in the upcoming transition that's going on between physical and digital, right? That's how I think about it, I don't think these are 12 and 18 months things built because just think of the ecosystem and the infrastructure, that needs to be built for any of these to happen and so I tend to look on it as a longer term effort and I think that most people would say if you look at contactless payments in Australia as an example I was looking at the data the other day, something like 25% or 30% of all transactions in Australia under Australian $100 comes out of contact, that's a big number compared to where they used to be two years ago. Now, will it go even higher? Probably. Will it take years to happen? Probably. So some countries like Australia, Canada and Turkey are further ahead in NFC than others. But it's kind of, we run our business in so many countries it is a mixed bag and it's tough to generalize across all of them. But in general I think NFC has got opportunity I am not sure that I can tell it you in 12 or 18 months. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Hochstim from Buckingham Research. You may go ahead. 
David Hochstim - Buckingham Research: I wonder could you give us an update on your joint venture with Telefonica in Latin America, and sort of what's happening there and what you've learned so far? 
Ajay Banga: Sure. So we've got two different JVs with them. We've got the one that's in 12 countries excluding Brazil what we call Wanda. And then we've got Zoom which is in Brazil that's because of the way Telefonica was constructed when these JVs were signed. So in the first one Argentina was the first one to go out and they actually use the mobile wallet that exists in the joint venture we have with Smart Telecom in the Philippines called MTS. So that's the first one out there. The second one Zoom had just launched in April actually I think just around the time of our first quarter earnings call or just after or just before I am kind of forgetting, that's the first mobile program in the region that has a MasterCard prepaid Companion Card in addition to the mobile wallet. So two different kinds of flavors, my sense is the concept of having a prepaid card as a companion card, a cash to the mobile payment will probably drive this faster than just a mobile payment by itself only because, to answer to Bill's question building ecosystems around new things takes time. The card acceptance system even if it's not completely built out in Brazil is way more built out than a mobile-only payment system. So that's the first learning we've got and I think we've got a lot of learning’s about working with Telefonica, we've now actually in the, I don’t know last three, four months, I forget when, we've launched two more initiatives with them both in Europe. I think there is something in the Czech Republic and there is something with them in Germany that we are doing. So the relation has expanded a little bit beyond the original construct in Latin America. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Operator next question please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom McCrohan from Janney. You may go ahead. 
Tom McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott: Most of the questions on the quarter are answered. I'll ask a bigger picture question. When you joined MasterCard three years ago, you talked about innovations and the importance of that. And I was wondering if there is any way you kind of speak to, kind of how you are tracking to creating that culture in terms of financials like how much of our revenue for example revenue growth over the last few years was a function of new product introductions and new innovations. And as you look forward and see you’re in a kind of three-year financial outlook. How much of that is going to be -- how much of the growth is going to be attributable to some sort of innovation as that MasterCard is developing today? 
Ajay Banga: So we haven't put provided a measure of an innovation index, which is kind of what you're referring to. But as Martina just explained in an answer to Rod a little while ago, if you think about our three year projection on revenue growth, those 2, 3, 4 percentage points at the end that she was talking about are from innovation in new products from things like data analytics which to me is a relatively new product all the way to the changes in market share and growth whether it be U.S. Credit or frankly U.S. Debit or all the things we are doing overseas as well. So you can see it in that ballpark in that block of 2%, 3%, 4%. My whole attempt around innovation was to change the way we went to market, so that we didn't just sell credit, debit, prepaid and commercial but we looked at diversifying that growth from the core products both in terms of geographies and in terms of the kind of clients we worked with. So there you can see 30 odd deals that mobile telecom operators in the last two years, we had none three or four years ago in fact the dialogue used to be, how they wouldn't need the banks and the networks to be able to grow I think that demonstrates clearly that we have been able to show that our product set and technology adapted to mobile payments can work with them. I just was talking about Telefonica. So there are examples like that and a number of others. I talked about SingTel and the other Telcos in my call as well. So that's the first part. The second part around innovation has to do with mobile payments, eCommerce and the whole aspect of information services. We are making a lot of progress on all three. Mobile I just talked about. We've done a lot of work in information services and data analytics. So that's where we are. I don't have an innovation index that I'm going to give you publicly because the issue is what's the new product. In a consumer product company you can evaluate it in different ways, what's the new product for us, is a credit card with a new set of features a new product or a new product only that which comes in a new delivery channel and then we'll get into endless discussions about that. I'm much more focused on measuring our ability to generate new ideas in the company, do solution based selling to our clients and see the impact on our brands. And our brands has gone from being number 87 in the brand index evaluated by clients to number 20 in four years. And we spend about the same or a little less money than we used to. That's all part, if you look at that brand index it talks about innovation as being a big driver of the change. So that's kind of how I measure it right now. May a few years down the road, Martina will actually allow me to talk about an innovation index and I will let you deal with her on that one. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Operator I think we have time for one last question. 
Operator: Our final question comes from Tien-tsin Huang from JP Morgan. You may go ahead. 
Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Just want to ask a couple of follow ups. Just I guess on product innovation, at Visa's Investor Day, they talked about, I was trying to look up the number something like $200 million in the last two years in product innovation. I'm curious, how does that compare roughly to what MasterCard spent in product innovation? And then my follow-up was just want to clarify from Martina, the other line was a little bit better than we had modeled, does that capture the pricing you referred to be on the cross-broader change? 
Martina Hund-Mejean: So Tien-tsin let me first take other revenues first. So in other revenues actually what you’re seeing is, showing up is some really nice growth in our Access Prepaid business as well as in our Advisors business. And you know Ajay already talked about some of the foreign (ph) structures in Australia that we’re doing in both of those businesses. In addition to couple of the price increases that I talked about which are reflected in other revenues. 
Ajay Banga: The first part Tien-tsin I don't know how Charlie measured the number. So I haven't had a chance to understand what's inside that number. I kind of, Investor Day is not that far away. So we'll chat with you then on that topic. But the issue is what's inside as I was answering to the earlier question makes all the difference. So for example all the work we’re doing on fraud tools is that innovation in a sense that probably is because it's developing entire new forms of technology. All the work we’re doing on tokenization is that innovation probably is if it delivers a new way of dealing with safety. All the work we are doing with Truaxis to drive merchant funded loyalty programs around the world is that innovation and R&D probably, we've got MasterCard labs, we've got different portions that are delivering this answer. I actually don't look at it that way. I look at it as I said in the earlier question of funding this in many different ways but most importantly in changing the way we talk to merchants and banks and governments about relating with them in a more solution based selling way. So the example with Nigeria where they were trying to do an ID scheme which ended up being not just that but also a payment scheme with a card that's two sided with a chip. We spend money on that, is that innovation, we spend money on biometric identification for the UID in India. So I don't want to get into, I’ve counted this and not counted that and create some new metric that everybody will try and track but you should know that there are a ton of people in this company whose only job is if they want to come to work on January 01, 2014. They better have new ideas or they won't be allowed. That I can promise.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Ajay do you have some closing comments? 
Ajay Banga: I do. Okay after all that, okay. So what do I think about this, we delivered pretty solid results for the first half of this year. Driven off as we have talked about a little bit volume and transaction growth around the world and world-wide GDP across the 1 trillion level for the first time in the second quarter and Martina was reading that out I was looking at that as a milestone in some ways but on to the next trillion already. And our first half net revenue growth was a bit better than the forecasted for all the reasons we talked about. We remain confident about this three year performance objective that we have got out there and we’re working hard to deliver on another good year in spite of what I consider to be somewhat unpredictable economic condition. My view is that the secular trends in our industry are just of great interest to me, they are strong drivers for top-line growth even in slower economic environments. So I’m looking forward to seeing many of you in the Investor Day in September. I think you will get a chance to hear about our strategic focus areas, you will experience as you have done for the last couple of years. Some of our innovative products and services. We have got some really cool ones lined up for you this year so hopefully that will be fun. In the meantime, thank you for your support and thank you for being on the call with us today. 
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Barbara Gasper – Head, IR Ajaypal Banga – President and CEO Martina Hund-Mejean – CFO
Analysts:  Craig Maurer – CLSA Chris Brendler – Stifel Jason Kupferberg – Jefferies Sanjay Sakhrani – KBW David Hochstim – Buckingham Research Bill Carcache – Nomura Moshe Orenbuch – Credit Suisse Rod Bourgeois – Bernstein Bryan Keane – Deutsche Bank Moshe Katri – Cowen & Company Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs Bob Napoli – William Blair 
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. My name is John and I’ll be your operator for today’s call. (Operator Instructions) Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. Ms. Gasper, you may begin.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for a discussion about our first quarter 2013 financial results. With me on the call today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into queue for the Q&A session. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask a question. This morning’s earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at mastercard.com. These documents have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one week through May 8. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today’s earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today’s call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard’s future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our recent SEC filing. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Ajay Banga. Ajay?
Ajay Banga: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. In the first quarter, we reported net revenue growth of 8% or 9% after adjusting for currency. And this, combined with operating expense growth of 6%, helped drive our EPS growth of 16% or 17% on an FX-adjusted basis. This quarter’s performance was in line with our expectations, which took into account last year’s strong first quarter as well as the mixed global economic environment, both things that Martina and I have been talking about for a while. So let’s start at the US Consumer spending started out the year, rebounding from what was a weak holiday season at the end of last year, but started to cool in February as consumers adjusted to higher payroll taxes, to some inflation in food and gas prices, as well as the effects of late season winter storms in March. I think these factors contributed to consumer confidence levels fluctuating over the quarter. Our first quarter spending pulse data mirrored these trends, showing that US retail sales ex-auto grew by only 2.6% in the first quarter this year compared to 3.9% in the fourth quarter of last year and 7.4% in the first quarter of last year. So you could see the declining trend in these US retail sales ex-auto. Much of this deceleration is attributable to slower consumer spending, but of course some of it is also the result of the leap year comparison as well as comparisons against a strong first quarter in 2012, when an early spring helped boost retail sales growth to that 7.4% number I just talked about. Overall, our US business reflected these mixed conditions. First quarter process transactions and GDP growth were lower than what we saw in the fourth quarter of 2012. And looking ahead, recent positive news about the strengthening US housing market, which as we’ve been talking about has been going on for a few quarters, could be a good signal that the economy is turning, but we’re going to watch, and the second half of 2013 will be the test of that. Europe. The environment in Europe remains similar to what we saw last quarter. Both the economic situation and our business there can best be described as a tale of two regions – developed versus emerging. The Eurozone in the U.K. developed. So retail sales growth slowed despite improvements in consumer confidence and in business sentiment. And MasterCard’s business in these markets reflected that slowing growth trend, still growing but slower than the past. We also experienced some slowdown in growth in the eastern European countries Poland and Russia, but this company is more of a function of the denominator based on the expanding size of that market rather than a real decline in economic drivers. MasterCard’s total Europe in volume growth was in the low teens, a little bit lower than the last couple of quarters but still pretty good as the secular shift away from cash accompanied by a continuing growth in share helped overcome the headwinds from economic uncertainty. In Asia, indicators show that consumer confidence and business sentiment were on the rise in the majority of markets. And as a result, consumer spending and retail sales in some of the major markets are picking up. Australia’s projecting economic acceleration, but on the other hand, views on the outlook for China’s economic growth are currently mixed. As you know, China would be impacted by any deterioration in the European economy. Europe is one of the largest trading partners, and that, of course, has potential implications for the broader Asian economy. Having said all of that, our business in Asia-Pacific remained at healthy levels, similar to the past several quarters. In Latin America, growth projections from Brazil and Mexico indicated a slight improvement over 2012 lower levels of economic growth. Consumer sentiment was mixed across the region, with Brazil at its lowest levels in three years, while Mexico is bouncing up against five-year highs. Overall, our business in Latin America saw transaction and volume growth in the mid teens, similar to the past two quarters. So looking ahead to the rest of the year of 2013, we’re still maintaining the same cautious outlook we’ve talked about for a while. Europe’s economic picture remains mixed. Uncertainty will likely continue there for the near future. In the US, the second quarter right now looks a little dodgy, but there could be some upside going into the second half of 2013 as far as US economic growth is concerned. Economic growth rates in Asia-Pacific and Latin America have softened a little than for the past couple of years. From the ground, there is still a great deal of energy. So with all of that as a backdrop, our focus remains clear. We are still focusing on our strategy to displace cash to increase our share of electronic payments. So before we move on to recent business highlights, I know there have been some recent news reports about European regulatory matters, so let me quickly give a few words about those. Fist, as for the investigation launched by the European Commission in early April, based upon what the commissioners told us and stated publicly, we do not believe that the investigation is about our network fees. Rather, we understand that it is about our inter-regional interchange fees that are paid by E.U. merchants, as well as our cross-border acquiring and point-of-sale acceptance rules, including the Honor Roll cards rule. The commission had already launched a similar investigation on Visa’s inter-regional interchange fees. Second, in terms of the commission’s plan to announce proposed legislation related to card payments within the E.U. by summer, we have no new insight to offer you either about the timing or the potential complements that proposal. As you probably know, the EC has publicly said that it plans to propose legislation during June. So now let me move on to some of our recent business activities. We are continuing to work on improving our US Consumer Credit business where we are winning new deals with more in the pipeline. This effort will be a slow, steady build from what I shared with you last quarter. And this quarter, to add to some of the wins we had from last quarter, I’m pleased to report that Bank of America recently launched a new consumer credit card called Better Balance Rewards, which provides consumers cash back for responsible payment practices. This is the first Bank of America product other than our Core brand that is exclusive to us at MasterCard. In Canada, TD Bank, a long-time customer of one of our competitors, has now launched their very first TD-branded MasterCard product, a credit card that offers cash-back rewards. And we’re continuing momentum in the commercial space. In the US, we continue to work in corporate DNB with issuing partners so that Bank of America, Citibank, Capital One and HSBC have just signed both large and small deals across a number of industries. The government of Canada is converting their travel expense program to MasterCard early next year. The win builds on our current partnership with Bank of Montreal for the Canadian government for MasterCard program that started years ago in 2004. In Latin America, there are a couple of examples from Colombia in the micro business commercial space. Ban Colombia chose us to help them develop a micro business credit card program which includes things like credit risk modeling. We also won Bank Kalmias micro business debit card program, which includes a flexible insurance package customized for that market segment. We launched a number of new travel, eCommerce and management programs around the world, which will continue to aim to enhance the cross-border component of our business. So I’ll give you a few examples. In Australia, Qantas will upgrades its Frequent Flyer program cards to enable prepaid functionality. This feature will be available to all its nine million Australia-based members. In addition to the existing functions, this Qantas cash card will now allow members to transfer money, withdraw cash and foreign currency from locals as well as earn Frequent Flyer points from purchases made at MasterCard-accepting locations. And in March, we signed an MoU with Alibaba Group, Asia’s largest eCommerce company, to establish an enhanced eCommerce environment that we think will benefit consumers and small businesses both within and outside of China. This MoU has many potential opportunities, including making the MasterPass wallet available to Ali’s 800 million users, providing the ability to offer virtual card numbers for online payments, giving Alibaba’s six million merchants the ability to acquire MasterPass payments and providing Alibaba with fraud and risk management tools. Rakuten, Japan’s largest eCommerce shopping site and the second largest online retailer in Asia, launched a service which will provide the Japanese Rakuten credit card owners access to virtual MasterCard prepaid cards that can be used to shop online safely and securely. A new prepaid program for Chinese tourists traveling to the US is being launched this spring for a company called Oriental Tours, a China-based travel company. MasterCard prepaid cards can be loaded in advance with US dollars through Western Union outlets in China and then picked up from the tour company when you get here to the US. This program will be available to an estimated 600,000 Chinese tourists annually. And we’ve got a number of affluent launches around the world. I’ll give you a few. In Canada, CIBC launched two world lead programs, one travel, one cash back. In France, Credit Mutuel is converting their title and portfolio to World Elite. In Mexico, Banka Marcel launched World Elite as their new top-tier consumer credit product. In addition, Citibank launched their Citi Prestige program in Hong Kong, Malaysia, Mexico, Singapore and the US. And most interestingly in South Africa, Net Bank, one of the four largest banks in the country and a long-time key income customer of one of our competitors is now converting the bulk of their entire business to MasterCard. Net Bank will also be issuing our platinum and gold cards for the first time. When this thing is fully implemented, we will become the market leaders in South Africa. On the mobile front, we continue with our efforts to develop partnerships in mobile network operators around the world. We now have relationships with over 30, with a combined reach of 1.3 billion people in 28 countries. So a few examples of some of these recent mobile deployments. We’ve launched MasterPass in Australia and Canada and the US. In the US alone, currently 100 merchants are now able to accept MasterPass. We are partnering with banks around the world, West Bank and Government Bank in Australia, Bank of Montreal in Canada, Citi Trip Card and several credit unions in the US, and the launch of MasterPass in the U.K. is on track. We’re aiming for the end of summer and we hope to be available in at least nine other countries by the end of this year, meaning a total of 13 by the end of 2013. MasterCard and VimpelCom, a telecommunications provider with over 200 million subscribers in 18 countries around the world, recently announced a strategic partnership. We expect the first deployment end of 2013. Wind Italy, a VimpelCom division and Italy’s third largest mobile operator, will now enable subscribers to pick up a prepaid card at one of Wind’s retail stores, link it to the mobile phone and then use apps on the phone to top off the prepaid card, pay bills, purchase additional air time. And building on our partnership with Telefonica in Latin America, we now launched two more initiatives with Telefonica this past quarter, this time both in Europe. The first is the Mobile PayPass program in the Czech Republic; the second is an O2 branded wallet in Germany. And finally, one of the largest banks in Indonesia, Bank Negara Indonesia, launched a mobile payments program that also leverages our in Control platform. For the first time, this bank’s nine million debit MasterCard cardholders can shop online, thanks to virtual card numbers which we’ll give them on demand through their mobile banking applications. So with that, let me turn the call over to Martina for a detailed outlook on our financial results and our operational metrics.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin on Page 3 of our slide deck, where you see them as reported as well as the FX-adjusted growth rates. All of my comments pertain to the FX-adjusted figures, which as you can see this quarter are almost the same as the as-reported numbers. As Ajay said, we are pleased with our performance this quarter given the tough comps we were up against from the first quarter of last year and the relatively sharp economic environment. Net revenue growth of 9%, combined with operating expense growth of 6%, supported our net income growth of 13%. EPS growth of 17% also benefited from our share repurchase program. Cash flow from operations was $872 million and we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and other liquid investments of about $5 billion. During the first quarter, we repurchased about 1.5 million shares at a cost of approximately $766 million. Through April 25, we repurchased a little more than 340,000 shares at a cost of $182 million, and now we have about $1.7 billion remaining under the current authorization. We will continue to look to repurchase shares on an opportunistic basis. So let’s turn to Page 4, where you can see the operational metrics for the first quarter. Our worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV was up 12% on a local currency basis. US GDV grew 4%, with credit volumes growing 2%. US commercial credit growth was in the low teens and slowed somewhat from last quarter as we have left a couple of deals. US consumer credit growth remains slightly negative, similar to last quarter. Our US debit growth slowed to 6% as we have now fully lapped our signature debit wins in a large seasonal program expected to decline versus last year. Outside of the US, volume growth was 16% on a local currency basis, and this continues to be driven by APMEA with more than 20% growth and a solid double-digit growth in Europe and in Latin America. Graforda volume grew 16% on a local currency basis, including more than 20% in Latin America and APMEA and growth in the high teens in Europe. So let me turn to Page 5. On here, you see process transactions grew just over 12%. As expected, this deceleration from the fourth quarter was mainly driven by the lapping of our processing wins from new PIN debit transactions in the US and the effect of leap year. After considering the start of the lapping off the US PIN debit wins as well as normalizing for the effect of the leap year, our underlying growth rate was about 11%. And globally, the number of cards grew 8% to 1.9 billion MasterCard and Maestro branded cards. Let’s turn to Page 6 for some insights on a couple of our revenue line items. Again, I will be talking only about the FX-adjusted figures. Domestic assessments grew 8% while worldwide GDV grew 12%. The gap between these two growth rates is 4 PPT, which is driven primarily by the contribution of higher growth outside the US with lower than average revenue yields. Cross-border fees grew 14% while cross-border volumes grew 16%. Similar to last quarter, the primary reason for this difference was a higher mix of inter-Europe activity, which comes with a lower revenue yield. Transaction processing fees grew 9%, driven mainly by the 12% growth in process transactions I just spoke about. The gap between these two growth rates can be attributed mainly to US PIN debit transactions that come at a lower-than-average revenue yield. So I’m moving to look at the components of total operating expenses on Page 7. The increase in G&A expense was primarily driven by the impact of higher compensation cost as a result of the increase in a number of employees compared to the same time last year to support our growth initiative. And the slight increase in advertising and marketing expense was mainly due to the impact of new and renewed sponsorship. Turning to Slide 8, let me discuss what we have seen for the second quarter through April 28. Globally, our cross-border volumes grew about 15%, slightly lower than what we saw in the first quarter. This is primarily driven by slower growth in Europe and Latin America. In the US, our processed volume grew 6%, up from our first quarter growth due to improvements in both debit and prepaid. Our US credit growth remains about the same as what we saw in the first quarter. Process volume growth outside the US grew about 14%, equal to what we saw in the first quarter. In particular, our European process volume growth was in the low teens, similar to what we saw in the first quarter. And globally, our process transaction growth was 8%. That’s down from 12% that we saw in the first quarter, driven by the full lapping of our US PIN debit wins and merchant routing decisions that began last April. We expect our transaction growth for the entire second quarter to be closer to our normalized growth rate of 10% to 11% as the impact of these merchant routing decisions from April 2012 settle out. Looking forward let me start with our long-term performance objective. We continue to remain confident that our business can deliver an 11% to 14% net revenue CAGR and at least 20% EPS CAGR over the 2013 to 2015 period. These growth rates are on a constant currency basis and exclude any new acquisitions. We also remain committed to our annual operating margin target of at least 50%. And as we said several times in the past, based on our current view of the economic environment, we expect that net revenue and EPS growth in the early part of this three-year period might be slightly below the 11% minimum for net revenue growth and 20% EPS growth. In later years, assuming the world returns to a more stable environment, we believe net revenue growth could be at the higher end of the range. And that could also benefit EPS growth in that particular period. I just want to reiterate one other comment about our EPS CAGR objective, which we said was based on a normalized tax rate that excludes the impact of several one-time benefits that we were able to achieve in 2012. So our 2012 normalized tax rate of 31.8% would have resulted in a pro forma EPS of $21.44, which becomes the base on which you should be modeling EPS growth beyond 2012. I think most people are clear on this point, but I wanted to mention it again for those who might be newer to the MasterCard story. Now, I would like to share with you a few specific thoughts about 2013, which really haven’t changed from what we have said on our year-end call back – our year call back in late January. We expect that – I’m sorry, let me start again on this one. We expect net revenue growth in the first half of 2013 to be below the 10.7% currency adjusted rate that we saw in the second half of 2012. We expect the second half of 2013 to be slightly better than the first half given our current view on the economic environment. Given the complicated economic environment, we continue to spend on the right things to support our growth initiative such as mobile, e-commerce and information services but are keeping a close eye on other more discretionary expenses. As a result, we expect total 2013 operating expenses to grow a bit below the 8% currency adjusted growth rate we saw in 2012. We expect to be able to deliver some operating margin expansion in 2013. The amount of an improvement will depend on both top line growth and investment opportunities that may surface during the year. And for modeling purposes, you should continue to assume a tax rate of roughly 31.8% for the remaining quarters of 2013. With respect to FX, while it proved to be a slight head wind for us in Q1, we expect a tailwind of at most one percentage point to as recorded net revenue, net income and EPS growth for full year 2013. And this obviously is assumes that the euro continues to trade at the 131 level and the Brazilian real at the 198 level for the rest of the year. Now let me turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Martina. We’re now ready to begin the question-and-answer period. And in order to get to as many people as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to single question and then queue back in for additional questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Craig Maurer of CLSA. Please go ahead.
Craig Maurer – CLSA: Good morning, everyone. Wanted to ask on rebates and incentives. They were materially higher in the quarter than what I was expecting, both absolute and as a percentage of gross. As we look through the year, was there a timing issue that inflated first quarter? And what should we expect that pattern to look like through the rest of the year?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Let me take this. First of all, I have to tell you that actually rebates and incentives came in spot on, on our expectation. When I look at the consensus out there, the consensus seems to be actually really spot on with what we expected. As you know, there are durations from time to time and from quarter to quarter really depend on when we sign new deals and renewed deals. In fact for this quarter, we had actually the lapping of a new deal. And we actually got a little benefit from that, and that was the reverse in the year ago quarter. So I’m not sure how to guide you other than to say what people have out there is pretty much spot on with what we expect.
Craig Maurer – CLSA: Okay. If I could just follow up. The Alibaba announcement, you were talking about MasterPass wallet possibly getting into – well, it was a very big number. I think you said 800 million users, which I know is just the market size. But what’s the economic value of getting those wallets out there?
Ajay Banga: Craig, it’s actually – I’m not making money out of a fee from the wallet. That’s the big difference in our program. I don’t want to charge consumers for the privilege of having the wallet. There could be 150,000 wallets out there before we know what’s going on. I don’t want to be the one charging fees on it. I want to make money from it when they use their wallet. So if they use their card or they use services that the wallet will provide, that’s how we make our money. So I’m not doing it based on how many users pick up the wallet. It’s really – to me, what Alibaba is, is a partnership that expands the distribution footprint of MasterPass wallets across the 6 million merchants Alibaba has. And as the ability to make it available to as many as 800 million users. They are adding 300,000 users every month. There’s a whole new number there. But I don’t know how many of them will adopt it. We’ll see. But the merchant for 6 million that will be a big distribution footprint expansion. In addition, they’re going to use virtual card numbers for the merchants to buy goods across border as well as within China, which has been a big problem for them to be able to do thus far on e-commerce. So I believe that’s going to help them honestly with the facility issue of that purchase. And then, of course, we’re going to work with Alibaba and so in helping them with fraud security and the like. So it’s got three components to it.
Craig Maurer – CLSA: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Brendler of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Chris Brendler – Stifel: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask a question on the US debit business. Do you think at this point we should start to see the more normal debit rates continue? And also pressure on the yield relation to PIN debit press played its way through here? And I have a follow-up as well. Think thanks.
Ajay Banga: Yeah, Chris, on the US debit business I think about the numbers and what I said about April, you’re starting to see everything going more to normalized rates and to the market growth. Right? I mean we think from a volume, the US debit volume point of view, the market growth will be around the 6% to 8% for the foreseeable future. That is kind of what we are trending to. And something very similar you’re actually seeing from a transaction processing point of view. And you have one more quarter to round out and then you should really see us coming back to market.
Chris Brendler – Stifel: Okay. Great. Thanks. And my follow-up is a more a strategic question. We are hearing a lot of noise on mostly complaints about the US EMV initiative. Is there anything you can sort of say to give issuers and merchants a little more of an incentive. Why is this going to benefit them? I think a lot of merchants in particular don’t see much benefit from moving to EMV. It sounds like some merchants are actually in the liability shift is not much of an incentive. Can you just give me color there? Thanks.
Ajay Banga: I think you’re mixing up a couple things. Let me just help a little bit put into context. The liability shift is right now being discussed mostly with the ATM operators. That’s where the conversation is different from merchants. The objective of that was people who had EMV cards from other parts of the world, when they came to the US, which was the mag stripe environment, the level of fraud was much higher. Fraud still will move to where the security and protection is the weakest in the chain. EMV is clearly the higher security protocol than mag stripe. All we’re trying to do is ensure that card consumers who were traveling from other parts of the world when they come to the US do not have experiences that make them feel that their cards are not safe. A number of the operators and banks are actually quite comprehending of that. A number of them are spending the effort and energy to get some of their ATMs upgraded. In others what we’re try to do is to roll out a tool or fraud risk manager, which allows the ATM operator and the insurer and the acquirer at the other end of the game to look at the risks involved in an EMV card coming to a mag stripe ATM and that helps them to manage that risk. My expectation is not, just to make clear, that people are like a fountain, switch on April 19 when tens of thousands of ATMs switch. I never expected that. What I expect is that a roadmap that shows that in most places that tourists travel with the frequency of utilization of ATM will be maximum but they will get the right experience with an EMV enabled card. My expectation over a period of time most ATMs in the US will switch. I think it will take some time. Because it will be the right thing to do for all the right reasons. And I think it’s connected a lot of the launch of EMV issued cards as well in the US eventually. There will be a timeframe all come together. Starting with ATMs. It will move to the issuance of cards, which may take two to three years to play out in its full form, and I understand that. But all we are trying to do here is protect consumers who travel as well as ensure that banks overseas do not get unnecessary thought experiences because this market has the lowest ability to provide security protection based on mag stripe versus EMV. That’s what we’re trying to do.
Chris Brendler – Stifel: Thank you.
Ajay Banga: I think we’ve had a very productive dialogue with a number of merchants and banks and ATM providers. And all big changes like this – this is a very big change. In all big changes like this you will have people pulling in different directions. Our job is to try and make them get the incentive to go and feel the importance of going to the right level of security protocol. That’s all we’re trying to do.
Barbara Gasper: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Kupferberg from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Jason Kupferberg – Jefferies: Hey. Thanks, guys. So I just wanted to try and get a read on the overall tone and message that you guys want us to be picking up on here. I mean obviously your guidance is unchanged which I think is what people had expected but should we be reading any kind of nuance difference in your overall tone just in terms of thoughts on the macro and the general outlook for the business? I mean it sounds pretty consistent with the past couple of quarters but just wanted to verify that you’re still feeling essentially exactly the same about the macro picture and its impact on your business now as you were a quarter or two ago. Is that accurate or should we be feeling a little better or a little bit worse?
Ajay Banga: Accurate. Just absolutely accurate. Everything we said was what we said second half, we’d probably be a little better than the first half. That’s kind of coming to where we part where we are right on where we expected in the first quarter. I continue to believe that the second quarter, the US economic growth will be somewhat less than what people might be hoping for. I think that there’s a lot of mixed sort of targets in the US between payroll taxes and all the moving parts there. Oh the housing looks like it’s better but if you look at spending pulse and if you look within spending pulse, it’s really interesting why earlier categories of everything that had to do with housing was going positive for the previous four quarters. In the first quarter, out of the two categories to do with housing, one went slightly negative, one remained positive. That’s the first time in five quarters I saw that. But I expected some of that given that I think the first half will move in and out a little. So no change in how I feel about where the economy is in the US, in Asia, in Latin America and in Europe. No change at all.
Jason Kupferberg – Jefferies: Okay. Thanks for clarifying. And just can you give us a couple comments on your reaction to the Chase-Visa deal? Is that something you guys might be interested in pursuing similarly with other issuers? And just how you feel philosophically about giving one of your issuers the ability to negotiate interchange directly with a merchant?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Well, we haven’t done it. So philosophically you can figure out where my philosophical stance is. The fact is that we’re going to see how this thing goes in the marketplace. It’s very early days. A lot depends on how issuers and acquirers respond as well as how merchants respond, a bit like Durbin. I don’t believe I have the need or the pressure to do anything differently other than look at it strategically. We have the ability to offer a similar thing. It’s a white label capability existed for a long time. We could do it. I just haven’t put on the tap. And so it is where it is today. And that’s what I am. Philosophically, I am unchanged from where I was before the Chase-Visa deal got announced.
Barbara Gasper: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW. Please go ahead.
Sanjay Sakhrani – KBW: Thank you. Good morning. So I had a question marking on the domestic assessment revenue line. When I look at that revenue line over GDV, it came down that the yield came down quite dramatically year-over-year. And I was just wondering if it was all the mix shift that you talked about and kind of how we should think about it going forward. Should we expect that decline year-over-year to kind of sustain itself as we move through the quarters? Thanks.
Ajay Banga: Yeah, so, Sanjay, that is a very good question. And really a couple of things going on. One is what I said is when you look at the mix of the growth of the business in the United States, it comes at higher revenue yields versus the growth outside of the United States which does come at times with lower revenue yields especially in some of the emerging markets. That’s really contributing to that kind of differential. Now you have to understand, domestic assessments are only one set of fees that we are actually charging in the market. You really have to think about at very comprehensively and then those countries that we actually processing we obviously also get the benefit of the processing fee. So that’s one explanation. The other explanation is in terms of what’s happening from a cash utilization. So especially when you go in new emerging markets and people are getting their cards, they predominantly start to go to the ATM first until we are getting them used to actually going directly to POS. And the ATM fees that we typically get are lower than what you’re getting at the POS. So those are kind of the broad changes. So in terms of going forward, I do believe – it depends on the mix. It depends on how the US grows versus how other markets are growing. But our current view has that this kind of difference in terms of growth of the domestic assessment fees versus the volume, will persist for the rest of the year.
Sanjay Sakhrani – KBW: Okay. Maybe just one quick follow-up for Ajay. I was wondering strategically kind of how you felt if Visa Europe were to exercise its put as kind of talked about in the market place and kind of what implications does it have on your business? Thanks.
Ajay Banga: So I don’t know what the latest news is. They were supposed to be deciding. It’s been a couple of days. I guess they’re still thinking about it. I don’t know. Maybe you guys know, and have talked to Visa today. My perspective is whether they go one way or the other. I think we’ve got be, as a company, capable of handling both. Let me put it for you this way, if they exercise the put option, they’re going have to go through two or three things. One is integrating technology, people, systems, cultures. From our own experience of doing that with MasterCard Europe and before that, with Europe pay, the European – we are working that technology, that association culture, merging that with a different culture. It’s a reasonably preoccupying time. The second part is that we need to innovate, you need focus, you need time, you need attention, you need management energy. If we’re going to divert it to integrations, it makes it a little more difficult. So I think that in the short to medium term; the reason we have to do all those things, they are the right things to do by the way, if you’re integrating something but it would provide us with our own space and opportunity along with the fact that a number of the Visa-issuing banks, who may be waiting for the put option to be able to get some benefit one time, they may well be in play after that once they’ve booked that relatively large benefit. On the other hand if they don’t do it, the last carrier is the way it is today and we think we’re doing pretty well in Europe and growing market share and growing our business at the cost of cash and the cost of our competitors. So life will continue in that form. I kind of think about our company as responding with focus in our strategy. Either which way. Just keep plugging away at what they’re doing in Europe. We’re doing well. We want to keep doing well.
Barbara Gasper: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Hochstim from Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Ajay Banga: David, are you there?
Operator: David, if you phone’s on mute, please un-mute it.
David Hochstim – Buckingham Research: It’s not on mute. Can you hear me now?
Ajay Banga: We can hear you.
Barbara Gasper: Hey, David. We can hear you. Oops.
Ajay Banga: Operator, why don’t we go to the next call? We’ll try to get David back after that one.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Carcache from Nomura. Please go ahead.
Bill Carcache – Nomura: Thanks. Good morning. Ajay I was hoping to follow-up on a comment that you made about payroll taxes. I was wondering if there were any noteworthy observations relating to the impact of payroll tax increases on the spending behavior among your customers in the US, particularly if you stratify the customers by income segment? And then also could you talk about the potential for a near term upside to numbers, to your earnings from the stage digital wallet operator fees that are scheduled to kick into effect later in the year?
Ajay Banga: So two things. The stage digital wallet operator fee comes in later. But it’s a relative minimum number for a company of our size and scope. So in fact a lot of the noise that is made around how that fee was put in and why it was put in, focus on the economic impact to us and the wallet operators. I think that is completely the wrong noise. It is more about the principals of creating the right rules and the right operating methodology to allow us to operate with stage digital wallet operators. In any case, that number is in the plan and its minimum, so who cares, that’s one number. The real issue here is the first question, which is about payroll taxes. I don’t have a way, just as nobody else has, for connecting payroll taxes directly to spending impact by segment or type. But I can watch different kinds of retail stores, where people who are more likely to be impacted by small movements in their take home pay, shopping and I could see that they were impacted by the payroll taxes. They didn’t get impacted in the first time around. It’s almost like they didn’t register how much the impact would be. By the time February came around, boy they felt it. To give you an example, spending pulse, x auto, January retail sales x auto, were actually pretty good. They were back to good. Meaning in this environment, three-something percent. You come to February, 0.8%. So it’s shows that that came right in their face. Whether it was only payroll taxes, whether that was other issues as well. I have no individual way of segregating those impacts but I’m kind of putting them all together and then putting together anecdotal evidence from different types of stores and different types of merchants and retailers whom I’m in contact with and giving that back to you.
Bill Carcache – Nomura: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll now go back to David. David, your line is open.
Barbara Gasper: David, are you there? Okay.
Operator: David your line is open.
Barbara Gasper: I guess we’re having problems.
David Hochstim – Buckingham Research: Okay. Go. Is that better?
Barbara Gasper: Yeah, yeah.
David Hochstim – Buckingham Research: Sorry about that. We have a new phone system. I’m sorry. I don’t know how to use it. Anyway, I was wondering if you could update your thoughts on the Chinese market and what your reaction to China UnionPay coming here to issue prepay cards? In the past you said you think it could be many years before they open the market. Has that changed?
Ajay Banga: No. I don’t know, many, many years is what I said. What I said was that China UnionPay has expansion plans around the world. They have been trying to expand for a number of years. They mostly try and first start doing acceptance deals so that the Chinese users can get to use a China UnionPay card as when they travel as compared to the co-branded card with them is where our strongest partnership is and we’re kind of the ones that have been doing all the deals with them for the last two or three years. If that picks up momentum it impacts the growth rate of our cross border business out of China. But I haven’t seen great differences there yet. I’ve seen acceptance grow and improve but China is growing at such a great rate on its expansion that I think that increment gets hidden in the wash. As far as their issuing prepaid cards as far as the United States is concerned, what they’re doing is issuing a prepaid card at bank call which has to be then distributed to other US banks because Bancorp doesn’t really have a rush network and other US banks have to agree to distribute to bank official prepaid travel cards to those people who want to buy it from here before they go to China. I don’t know. We’ll see. We’ll see how that goes. But at the end of the day there’s a large business opportunity in prepaid. I don’t think this changes anything very much. I think China UnionPay will keep attempting to grow its self-standing business as I would in their shoes while trying to keep working the partnership with us, which is what we’re doing. In the meantime the judgment has happened. China has sent that judgment. I’m expecting in a few months that we will get clarity on the meaning of that acceptance. When we get clarity on that, we’ll figure out how to work our partnership with CUP. I met them in China last month. I met them in New York a couple days ago. We have got a great partnership and I’m still very happy with what we’re doing with them.
David Hochstim – Buckingham Research: Thanks. Can I ask one follow up?
Ajay Banga: Since you waited that long, go for it.
David Hochstim – Buckingham Research: Thanks. Can you give us any thoughts about prospects for some benefits in US credit business from the emergence of the American Airlines bankruptcy and from GM starting to do better? You have a GM co-brand relationship?
Ajay Banga: Yeah, yeah, American Airlines is already a co-brand.
David Hochstim – Buckingham Research: Yep.
Martina Hund-Mejean: And a large part of it is with us. GM is also there. I don’t think people in the case of GM anyway, I don’t think they spend more on that card base on how GM is doing. In the case of American Airlines, it’s without a doubt that a certain amount of American Advantage cards then goes towards the travel on the American Airlines flights, without a doubt. But it’s only a certain amount. And I think that this utilization of these cards has a little less to do with the parent company’s performance as compared to how the consumer who holds that card is feeling about their spending pattern and the like. That’s a bigger impact. And so the bigger issue remains about the US consumer and their spending pattern across segments. And that one I’m still not convinced that the second quarter will be much better than the first quarter. I think I use the word dodgy but that’s just a technical term to indicate that I’m not sure that US economic growth in the second quarter will be much better than the first. I do believe, however, that the second half of the year will be better. We’ve got a number of wins that we’re doing but the US credit business, our predominant business, is with a first set of issuers who themselves are working their way through with what has been a very complicated year for them, and a few years for them. I am reliant on them in many ways but I’m trying to build to comprehend wins and other wins. You know last quarter we told you about KeyBanc. We told you about the Intercontinental Hotel Group. We talked about Vaspro. We talked about a bunch of those, right, the Shell rewards card and the fuel rewards network and this quarter we talked about Bank of America. We’ve got a bunch of things brewing on the promotion credit side but this is not something that is changed overnight unless a big flip happens which I have no way to be sure. So that’s the nature of our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Moshe Orenbuch from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Moshe Orenbuch – Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks, just following up on the question about the domestic assessments revenue. If you look at what you said about the first quarter and then the month of April, it seems like that mix shift is kind of continuing if kind of US volumes accelerated but credit was kind of flat with the first quarter. I guess I mean, is that a fair way to think about it that that is – that that’s what’s actually going on that that further shift into debit if credit is kind of flat? And again that would seem to be somewhat of a weakening because obviously the leap year effect doesn’t hurt you through the second quarter.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Moshe, on domestic assessment what the big issue was is between what the growth that we’re seeing in US versus the growth that we’re seeing actually outside of the United States. And that mix effect both from a POS point of view as well as how people are using their cards at ATM especially emerging markets, I did say that we will continue to see that going for the rest of the year. You will see that differential from a growth perspective between the fees and the volume for the rest of the year.
Ajay Banga: Just one thing I want to make sure I indicated on. You said something about the leap year affect impacting us in the second quarter of the year.
Moshe Orenbuch – Credit Suisse: No
Ajay Banga: Actually...
Moshe Orenbuch – Credit Suisse: Right. No. What I said, Ajay, was that you said that the US credit was kind of flat with the performance in the first quarter.
Ajay Banga: Right.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes.
Moshe Orenbuch – Credit Suisse: That the first quarter was impacted by that so the second quarter would be somewhat weaker, correct?
Martina Hund-Mejean: No. What we – no. What we actually said is that our process volume fees, the US process volume fees in the second quarter is actually higher at 6% and we said it’s mostly driven by debit and prepaid. And we did say that credit, the credit growth is very similar to what we saw in the first quarter.
Ajay Banga: We said process volume, not process volume fee.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes. Process volume.
Ajay Banga: Yeah.
Martina Hund-Mejean: That’s correct. And I also continue to believe that the second quarter in the US will be less than fairly predictable on CCE and consumer spending. That’s kind of what I’m trying to tell you. I’m actually not believing that you should read any more into it than that.
Moshe Orenbuch – Credit Suisse: Okay. I guess I would have thought that some of the stuff in terms of tax refunds and the like would have provided a little bit of a tailwind into Q2.
Ajay Banga: Until you could see that a little bit of volume increase is happening in Q2. Prepaid and debit have picked up already by April 28 and then Martina is trying to indicate that she thinks it’ll settle to a certain number over the course of the quarter. It’s in credit that we at least have not yet seen a pickup in the second quarter versus the first quarter. That’s what our numbers currently are telling us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rod Bourgeois from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Rod Bourgeois – Bernstein: Okay. Hey. So you mentioned that you’re philosophically against licensing the MasterCard network to a bank.
Ajay Banga: I didn’t say that, Rod. I just said I haven’t changed my opinion from where I was earlier. Which is that we are where we are. We do not have that license today. I’m watching what’s going on with Visa and Chase. If merchants’ issuers and acquirers respond in a way that would put me in a situation where I may need to do something which is thoughtful, I will. But I’m reluctant to just jump to a conclusion that I’m against before anything until I watch what they do. I don’t feel the pressure driving against before right now.
Rod Bourgeois – Bernstein: Right. I mean my guess is that Visa would have said six months ago that it’s philosophically against licensing its network but it sort of needed to do that in order to maintain a relationship with Chase. And I guess I’m wondering if a bank maybe call it HSBC just as an example, if it were to ask MasterCard to do a Chase/Visa net type of deal even though you’re philosophically not excited about that, is it something that you would look at doing because that may be a trend at certain banks that have a big presence in issuing and acquiring? It could be a new trend that comes down the road. Is that something that you’re looking at?
Ajay Banga: So many, many things there. One is – I look at anything. If clients talk to me, I’ll think about it. I don’t know what I’d conclude because it would depend on what it does for our brand and our company, as well as for that client and for the other clients whom I have relationships with. It’s going to be a very complex Rubik’s Cube to think our way through. So I don’t know the answer to that yet. The second thing is I don’t know exactly what’s inside the Visa-Chase deal. I may not do it exactly like them. If I do something, it may be done differently. So this is all speculation. I have no clue. I know this, that just like in Durbin, I will watch this very carefully and if I feel the need to make some moves to be able to ensure that the banks will partner with me on my brand, don’t suffer in the marketplace, I will. But I’m not going to jump to a conclusion right now that I need to do something either similar or a little different or nuanced differently. I don’t know yet. I just don’t.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Keane from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Keane – Deutsche Bank: Hi, guys. I just wanted to follow up on that Chase UC deal. Obviously, there’s been a lot of questions on it. I guess there’s been some speculation that you’ll lose some Chase card volume in that deal. I just wanted to see if that’s correct. And then I know Chris McWilton questioned the economics of the deal, so I just want to get your thoughts on allowing Chase to do all those transactions. Do you think that model makes sense?
Ajay Banga: Well, we have a certain amount of business with Chase. As you know, Chase was a predominantly Visa bank even earlier. But we have a good relationship with them. We still got business with them. In fact, the recent Intercontinental Hotel co-brand that I talked about with you last quarter is actually with Chase, which was signed and done towards the announcement of this deal. So I don’t know. My approach is to keep building that relationship with them between businesses on prepaid cards. We’re doing businesses on commercial cards. We’re doing business with them on co-brands, and we have some non-co-brand but simple credit card kind of products with them. My sense is that what they’ve done with Visa is to allow them to certainly protect the business they have with them. I think they’re still open to doing some business with us and we’re pursuing that relationship. So I don’t know where that will go. I have no idea.
Bryan Keane – Deutsche Bank: And then just did the model make sense to you on how they probably would be paid? And then just the one follow-up is the acquiring. You’re waiting for what the acquirers might do. I just want to make sure I understand what you mean by that.
Ajay Banga: Well, everything depends on how acquirers, issuers and merchants respond to all these deals. It’s like in Durbin. All three players had different responses to the way Durbin played out. I’m just making sure I’m keeping an eye on all the three players and how they respond. Does the model make economic sense? I have no idea. You go and ask Visa because I don’t know what’s inside.
Operator: Our next question comes from Moshe Katri from Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Moshe Katri – Cowen & Company: Hey. Thanks. Thanks for take my question. Did Martina mention something in the context of losing some credit portfolios during the quarter and if so, can you kind of elaborate on that?
Ajay Banga: Losing credit portfolios?
Martina Hund-Mejean: No. That’s not what I said but I think I might recall what you are referring to. So this was when Greg was asking about rebates and incentives and the level of that. And one of my comments is that we actually had the lapping of a new deal. So you might know that whenever we sign a deal, we might have an impact on our rebates and incentive line, and that can happen in any particular quarter and we had some impact in the first quarter of 2012 and that is basically lapping. And it actually was in the fourth quarter of 2011 and that is now lapping in the first quarter of 2013. But the deal is light. It’s just the way that the accounting works.
Moshe Katri – Cowen & Company: Okay. Great. Just as a follow-up, can you talk a bit about what you’re doing in credit in terms of trying to gain share in the market? Maybe talk about what you’re seeing in the US market versus overseas.
Ajay Banga: Overseas is the same business. They’re out there winning deals. A number of the things I talked to you about MedBank as an example in South Africa. It’s both credit and debit and commercial credit and so on. It’s in the US that we’ve got a situation which we’ve talked about, which is our consumer credit share is not where we like it to be. So it’s not something that will change in a hurry unless some very big portfolio switches over, for which I have no ability to decide yes or no. That depends on how you negotiate it. Typically, large portfolio flips are relatively long selling cycles. What I am focused on, however, is all the business comes around that. So co-brands, which is what I was telling you about. In the last quarter, I gave you a number of examples. Other opportunities with new launches. I’ve given you the example of Bank of America this quarter and a ton of things on the commercial credit space where we’re doing things with Citibank, Bank of America and with others in a number of industries. That’s what we’ve been up to. I think our consumer credit share business will not change in a hurry. It will change over a period of time. But we’ve got all the right building blocks and we are out there using both our ability to bring in control, priceless cities and a number of other assets, advisors, to play while also looking at our ability to bring volume to the co-brand partner. So those are the kind of things we’re up to.
Barbara Gasper: Next question, please.
Operator: Next question comes from Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: Hey. I wanted to ask you a philosophical question as we’ve been doing a lot of philosophizing today on this white label stuff. I mean, do you believe philosophically that banks are actually trying to give away interchange or not? And then I guess when you think about the value of the network itself, is the value of the network under duress and possibly going into some other areas meaning that you need to be in more advertising areas, loyalty, other things that I guess would be additional sources of potential revenue for your model?
Ajay Banga: Second question, first – I think you’re onto a good topic which is that going forward, people like us, also building revenue streams from other places other than just the traditional clearing authorization and settlement function that in some ways has been certain proportion of our revenue. I think you’ve heard me talk openly about diversifying our business from the day I joined. The reason is that I believe what we have in the network is the asset of connecting billions of consumers with millions of merchants with tens of thousands of banks in 200 countries with all the local legal regs built in. That’s a great asset. What we need to do is to able to leverage that asset in many ways. One of the reasons why I’m investing in loyalty and rewards, why I’m investing in things I can control, why we’ve got into prepaid program management, why we are doing those things and the investment putting into data and information services and the advisors business is all about making sure that we build our company not just based on converting cash but also imbedding ourselves better with merchants with issuers, with acquirers, with governments and consumers to these value added services that you can bring by using what you do well which is the network and the data warehouse. And the processing. And that’s what I’ve been doing from the beginning. And so nothing’s changed in that way. I’m sort of focused on that still and that’s where the investments are going as well. Yes, we’re investing in credit and in debit and in prepaid and commercial. But we are also investing in new channels like mobile and e-commerce and we’re also investing in the diversification. That’s the growth of a diversified strategy that I’ve been laying out for MasterCard for a while.
Julio Quinteros – Goldman Sachs: Right. Okay. Maybe just one quick for Martina on the margins. Thinking about the tradeoffs between revenue growth and the ability to continue to defend EPS. Anything in particular that you would sort of highlight as continued drivers to sort of defend the EPS on margin side you would have left for the rest of the year here?
Martina Hund-Mejean: I think as we have said that it really depends on where the revenue growth comes in for the rest of the year and what we might be doing from an investment point of view where the margin is going to come out for the year. But at this point in time the visibility that we have we do believe that there will be a small margin expansion. But just to remind everybody we have really a number of levers in terms of EPS growth. One is what’s happening on the revenue and on the expense side. Two, is what’s happening on our tax rate. Everybody knows that we’re working at that. And three, was we’re doing from a share repurchase point of view. So we are looking at all levels to be making sure that we are reducing our financials.
Barbara Gasper: Operator, I think we’ve got one for one last question.
Operator: Our last question comes Bob Napoli from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Bob Napoli – William Blair: I was hoping, Ajay, you could maybe give a feel for the emerging market story over. Do you still think you’re going to be able to grow internationally in a mid to mid upper teens especially in emerging markets over the next several years? And just a minor point if you could. We’ve had some crazy weather in the US I think they’re getting seven inches of snow in Minneapolis today or something and Denver’s getting, but have you seen an effect from some of the unusual weather in the US on your business?
Ajay Banga: So March clearly was a month that got impacted by the unusual weather in terms of spending. So that I think does happen periodically. I tend not to give it more credence because eventually it kind of evens out over time. So I tend to worry about it in the context of a month but not in the context of a longer period of time. I look at the basic franchise and what it’s doing as the real context I think in. I think the emerging markets question, I still believe that there’s enormous opportunity to grow our kind of business in the emerging markets. You take the South Africa story. We were a smaller market share player there three years ago, but through consistent wins and now the latest one at Merit bank when you finish implementing that bank, we’re in a market where there’s still a great deal of cash. And yet the economy is clearly the most powerful economy in Africa, then I feel that we would end up being a market leader there. That’s a pretty big opportunity. Because not only would we have the market leader in terms of cards issued. We can keep focusing on the secular change of cash through electronic as well. Hence the focus on the social security payments in South Africa where now 10 million card owners have come out where there were none earlier, their social security payments are now going into their card. Now as Martina said, a number of them take that card and go to an ATM or a cash point and take out cash. That creates a lower revenue yield than going to the point-of-sale. The next step in all these cases is to find a way to encourage them to go to the point-of-sale rather than taking out cash. So all these things aren’t the emerging markets are a step-by-step building process. You’ve got to build assurance. You’ve got to build the habit of using a card. You’ve got to build acceptance and you’ve got to build government support and all of that together. So we are systemically going about it in a number of countries. And I just gave you the South Africa example because it’s a live example from this quarter and I was there in January when I signed the bank deal, which we now publicly announced. And so I feel still that the emerging markets are still a great opportunity to where this company is going and South Africa is just one example. China being another. India being a third. Parts of Southeast Asia. Parts of Southeast Asia, Latin America. There’s a lot going on. There’s all the emerging markets in Eastern Europe where we’re making really good headway. I think it’s not just in the payments business but to Julio’s earlier question, it’s also in diversifying our revenues through alternative ways whether it be data and analytics or advisors or in control, or different value added services that imbed us better in that marketplace and I’m trying to do all those things as we are growing our future over the next few years.
Bob Napoli – William Blair: Thank you.
Barbara Gasper: Ajay, you want to offer some closing comments?
Ajay Banga: Thank you for all your questions and I want to leave you with a few closing thoughts. We’re going to continue to work through some of these challenging economic conditions that we’ve been talking about for a while. I think we’re off to a good start in 2013. With this last quarter’s performance in the past quarter was absolutely in line with how we thought we would end up. The slower growth in consumer spending and confidence in the second half 2012 has continued into 2013. We also saw the expansion of electronic forms of payment around the world. So we’re going to keep a careful eye on expenses. We’re going to keep investing in those initiatives that will set up our company for future growth for that diversification as well as that I just talked about. We remain confident in our three-year performance objectives through 2015. As we said last quarter, we expect performance in the early part of that period will probably be slightly below the range with growth picking up as the global economy returns to a more stable environment. There are signs that that stability will come. All in all, our focus is clear, grow our share and drive the conversion of cash through technology, through partnerships, around the world, while continually developing products and services that imbed us with banks, with merchants, with governments and consumers. So thank you for your participation. Thank you for your support. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ajaypal S. Banga - President and CEO Martina Hund-Mejean - CFO Barbara L. Gasper - Director, Investor Relations
Analysts: Craig Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division James Friedman - Susquehanna International Group, LLP Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank, North America Glenn Fodor - Autonomous Research Ken Bruce - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. My name is John, and I'll be your operator for today's call. (Operator Instructions) Later, we’ll conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I’ll now turn the call over to Barbara Gasper. You may begin, Barbara.
Barbara L. Gasper: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today, either by phone or webcast, for a discussion about our fourth quarter and full-year 2012 financial results. With me on the call this morning are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask a question. This morning's earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. Both the earnings release and the slide deck include reconciliations of any non-GAAP measures to their GAAP equivalent. All of these documents have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one week through February 7th. And finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today’s call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our recent SEC filings. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our CEO, Ajay Banga. Ajay?
Ajaypal S. Banga: Thank you, Barbara. Good morning, everybody. As usual, before Martina gets into the details of our financial results, I’d like to give you some of my thoughts from another level of looking at our business. In the fourth quarter, we reported net revenue growth of 10% and that’s really 12% after adjusting for currency. And that drove operating income growth of 18%, which excludes last year’s special item for the litigation charge and a reported EPS growth of 21% or FX adjusted that EPS growth is 24%. So this quarter completed a solid year with performance in line with our expectations. For the full-year 2012 reported net revenue grew 10% that number FX adjusted is 13%. The primary drivers of this will process transaction growth rates that reached the mid-20s as well as annual GDV and cross-border volumes in the mid-teens. We also delivered a reported EPS growth of 18% for the year or 22% FX adjusted. So, now let me talk a little bit about the global environment, and I know that’s on everybody’s minds and let’s start with the United States where we continue to see a mixed economic picture. The economy was a bit choppy in the fourth quarter with Hurricane Sandy and the fiscal cliff debate negatively impacting both consumer confidence and retail sales. Consumer confidence levels actually declined 11% over the quarter, and our SpendingPulse data showed that retail sales growth x auto decelerated each moth from October through December. For the quarter as a whole retail sales growth x auto was up 3.9% over the prior-year from 4.2% in the third quarter, so you can see that trend between the third and fourth quarter and within the fourth quarter the monthly growth rate was decelerating. However, there were also some positive trends. So, in December consumer spending increased in 8 of the 11 retail sectors that we track in SpendingPulse with the strongest growth continuing to come from furniture, hardware associated with what we’ve been saying for a while was the rebound in housing. But this December, lodging and restaurants also showed strong growth in sales.
[ph] there I 3rd (3:56):
 :
Martina Hund-Mejean:
Barbara L. Gasper:
Operator:
Craig Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division:
Ajaypal S. Banga:
Craig Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division:
Operator:
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division:
Ajaypal S. Banga:
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division:
Ajaypal S. Banga:
Barbara L. Gasper:
Operator:
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.:
Martina Hund-Mejean:
Ajaypal S. Banga:
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.:
Ajaypal S. Banga:
Barbara L. Gasper:
Operator:
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods:
Ajaypal S. Banga:
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods:
Barbara L. Gasper:
Operator:
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division:
Barbara L. Gasper:
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division:
Barbara L. Gasper:
Ajaypal S. Banga:
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division:
Ajaypal S. Banga:
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division:
Barbara L. Gasper:
James Friedman - Susquehanna International Group, LLP:
Ajaypal S. Banga:
James Friedman - Susquehanna International Group, LLP:
Operator:
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank, North America:
Martina Hund-Mejean:
Ajaypal S. Banga:
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division:
Ajaypal S. Banga:
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division:
Operator:
Glenn Fodor - Autonomous Research:
Ajaypal S. Banga:
Glenn Fodor - Autonomous Research:
Ajaypal S. Banga:
Glenn Fodor - Autonomous Research:
Ajaypal S. Banga:
Barbara L. Gasper:
Operator:
Ken Bruce - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:
Ajaypal S. Banga:
Barbara L. Gasper:
Operator:
Ajaypal S. Banga:
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs & Co.:
Ajaypal S. Banga:
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs & Co.:
Martina Hund-Mejean:
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs & Co.:
Ajaypal S. Banga:
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs & Co.:
Barbara L. Gasper:
Ajaypal S. Banga:

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara L. Gasper - Director Ajaypal S. Banga - Chief Executive Officer, President, President of Mastercard International, Chief Executive Officer of Mastercard International and Director Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer Noah J. Hanft - Chief Franchise Integrity Officer, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary
Analysts: Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Christopher C. Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Gil B. Luria - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the MasterCard's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. My name is John, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. Barbara, you may begin.
Barbara L. Gasper: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone, and thank all you for joining us today, either by phone or webcast, for a discussion about our third quarter 2012 financial results. Hopefully, by postponing the call by an hour, we made it a little bit easier for folks on the East Coast to be able to access the call. With me on the call today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for our question-and-answer session. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask a question. This morning's earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. The earnings release includes reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to their GAAP equivalent. The release and the slide deck were also attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for 1 week through November 7. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today's call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our recent SEC filings. With that, I'll now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Ajay Banga. Ajay?
Ajaypal S. Banga: Thank you, Barbara. Good morning, everybody. Just some high-level comments. First, in the third quarter, we saw net revenue growth 5% as reported or 10% after adjusting for currency. Volume and transaction growth are behind that increase, as well as the increase of our net income growth of 8% and our EPS growth of 10%. It is a solid quarter despite the tough comparison to our exceptional performance in the third quarter of last year when we delivered 24% net revenue growth at constant currency. And actual performance, in fact, was right in line with the expectations we spoke about at last month's investor meeting, which took into consideration both this third quarter of last year performance but also the world's somewhat mixed economic picture. In the U.S., we saw an improvement in consumer confidence, which resulted in an increase in consumer spending growth, although that growth is slower than 2011 or the numbers we saw in the first half of 2012. And according to our own SpendingPulse data, 8 of the 11 sectors we track showed positive results in September and retail sales x auto and gas grew 4.1% in September, although that's lower than the growth in July and August. And as we've been saying for the last few quarters now, housing-related categories of retail spending continued to perform well, which I think points to the underlying improvement in the housing markets that we are all beginning to see. Our U.S. consumers, however, appear to be holding to their budgets with pretty tight and close controls on what they're spending on. We are seeing a rotation in their spending from sector-to-sector based mostly on their seasonal needs. So for example, during the recent back-to-school season, we saw a temporary increase in growth for the apparel sector better than August. But other sectors, such as electronics, did not fare that well that month. In September, consumer shifted their spend towards electronics and housing-related sector at the expense of apparel. So they're kind of moving back and forth. We will be watching consumer spending closely for the remainder of this year and going into 2013. And as we all know, a lot will depend on how our government responds to fiscal policy issues once the current elections are over. In Europe, our processed volume and transaction growth continues, albeit with some deceleration in the third quarter. Softness in countries, such as Spain and Greece, continued to be more than offset by volume growth in the Northern and Eastern European markets. However, a couple of those markets, like the U.K. and Russia, did slow down in growth. Business sentiment continued to weaken in the third quarter, so the trend in Europe in consumer confidence has been somewhat more inconsistent. It is up in the second quarter, began to turn down in the third quarter, and just recently, has seen a very slight uptick. Therefore, as it has been for some quarters, Europe remains a complicated economic scenario. We're watching those signals, we'll be [ph] continuing to grow our business. And we're doing pretty well under the current circumstances. Asia-Pacific and Latin America sustained double-digit processed volume growth in the third quarter despite several major economies in these regions showing the early signs of deceleration. There is no doubt that economic uncertainty in the U.S. and Europe is impacting the rest of the world. You all read the news about China and India. We see some of that in our data, too. Brazil, however, seems to be showing signs of improvement in both sentiment and spending, probably helped by tax cuts and other government stimulus programs. So overall, we're just continuing to maintain a cautious outlook for the rest of this year and into 2013. We will continue to watch global macroeconomic indicators, in particular, the outcome of the U.S. election, the fiscal cliff debate that will no doubt follow, as well as the ongoing problems affecting the European economy. So while this economic climate remains complicated, we're navigating through these challenges by focusing on what we can influence and what we can control, which is really to remain focused on our business strategy. So let's discuss some of the business highlights, starting with several deals from around the globe. Building on the momentum in credit [ph] with Swedbank, we recently signed an exclusive partnership with Nordea Bank for their consumer credit and co-brand products in the Nordics and extended this new partnership through debit and credit in the Baltics. This deal doubles MasterCard share of cards of Nordea, and along with other recent wins, we think we can double our market share in the Nordic and Baltic regions over the next 3 years, just further strengthening our presence in these markets that are actually doing relatively well. In France, we recently renewed our agreement with Crédit Agricole, MasterCard's largest customer in that country. And with that behind us, we have no major contracts up globally for renewal until 2014. In the Czech Republic, we signed a strategic cooperation agreement with CSOB bank, which is the second-largest card issuer in that market. And we think that, that deal will generate an incremental 20% share of cards for us, and most importantly, will enable the largest ever PayPass issuance in the Czech market to date. Moving to the Middle East. We have just won a significant opportunity with the Commercial Bank of Qatar's private banking and mass affluent portfolios. We gained significant share in the credit book, and now we have exclusivity for debit. With this deal in place, Qatar is showing the most significant acceleration in share growth of any of our markets in the Middle East, Africa. In China, MasterCard was selected as the exclusive foreign payments brand for Citibank's PremierMiles program. This is Citibank's flagship product. They're targeting it at affluent frequent fliers. Each cardholder will be given a U.S. dollar-denominated MasterCard card that can be used when traveling outside of China. In Hong Kong, along with the Bank of China, we launched a MasterCard exclusive youth card program, called the i-card. This new program focuses on the most important spend categories for youth in Hong Kong, which are basically e-commerce, entertainment and travel, probably no different from other countries in the world. Previously, this youth card program was divided between 2 global networks. Now all these cards will be converted to MasterCard by 2014. On governments. We continue to work with them to highlight the positive aspects of electronic payments. As of this quarter, let me give you 2 more examples, 1 from the U.S., 1 from Mexico. In the U.S., as I've mentioned over the past few quarters, we've won a number of public-sector programs, and we can now add the states of New Jersey and New Mexico to that list. And a number of municipalities are coming on to this as well, Columbus in Ohio, Hamilton County, Ohio, other municipalities in Virginia. Additionally, we have won programs with several federal agencies such as FEMA, OCC, the Department of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms and the District of Columbia Court System. So moving to Mexico. MasterCard recently announced a partnership with a Mexican government-owned institution that provides credit to government and private-sector employees. Currently, this institution has 700,000 closed-loop credit cards that can be used at 30,000 affiliated merchant locations. By entering into the partnership with us, all of these closed-loop cards will be reissued as MasterCard-branded credit cards and expand their use to include all MasterCard-accepting locations across Mexico. We're also continuing to work with merchants. And I'm just going to highlight one that's really interesting. MasterCard and Nakumatt Holdings, the largest supermarket chain in East Africa, have partnered with 2 banks, Diamond Trust Bank and Kenya Commercial Bank, to convert over 1 million propriety loyalty cards to multicurrency EMV, PayPass-enabled prepaid cards. Nakumatt has a presence in Kenya, Uganda, Rwanda and Tanzania that serve about 80 million shoppers every year. And this deal basically gives MasterCard very strong brand association at the local level in these countries, as well as preference at the point-of-sale. It's the largest prepaid merchant agreement for MasterCard in the Middle East and Africa region to date. And while on prepaid, let's just move on to India and what we're doing there with Thomas Cook and Western Union. So let me start with Thomas Cook. They're launching a MasterCard-exclusive multicurrency foreign-exchange travel card. They're calling it the Borderless Prepaid Card. Thomas Cook is India's largest travel and travel-related financial services company, and they will become the first nonbanking entity in India to launch a prepaid foreign-exchange travel card. They will also be using Access Prepaid as the program manager. This Borderless Prepaid Card will allow travelers to load as many as 8 currencies on 1 card that got a ton of other consumer-friendly, fun features. Western Union and ICICI Bank in India have just launched a MasterCard Prepaid Card with a focus on people who don't have a bank account and want to avoid carrying cash. So this new prepaid card offers the underbank [ph] a way to store and access the money. And the idea is that eventually, we will add remote top-ups and card-to-card transfers to this card. On the debit front, we are continuing to see robust momentum in the U.S. with independent banks and credit unions. Adding to the more than 200 deals we completed this year, we had a number of wins and renewals with customers, such as C1 Credit Union [ph], Gulf Coast Bank, Home Federal Bank, Midland States Bank, Wintrust Financial. At our investor meeting last month, one of the things we touched on was our focus on and our confidence in our ability to gain momentum and share in the U.S. market for consumer credit and co-brands. Over the past month, we've begun to hit some of the singles and doubles that Chris McWilton talked about during that meeting. We have renewed our sales co-brand program. We have won the co-brand portfolio of RCI, the world's largest timeshare company. And additionally, we have secured 4 significant consumer co-brand deals with one of our larger issuers. I'm just not at liberty to announce that deal yet, but we will as soon as we can. Just to let you know, these co-brand deals span several merchant verticals. We have a lot of work to do in this segment, but we have begun moving in the right direction. Moving on to innovation and our activities around innovation and around mobile payments in particular. Let me just bring across a couple of new partnerships. Now we recently announced our partnership with NTT DoCoMo, Japan's leading mobile operator, where basically we are aiming to expand contactless payment options for Japanese consumers. The collaboration will connect DoCoMo's domestic payment network to the rest of the world, enabling consumers using their smartphones to make contactless payments outside of Japan anywhere that MasterCard PayPass is accepted. We also launched an exclusive 5-year partnership with Everything Everywhere, the U.K.'s largest mobile operator, to develop mobile and digital payment solutions for their customers. In Poland, T-Mobile and MasterCard announced that PTC, the local operator of the T-Mobile network, will begin offering mobile payments based on our PayPass technology. The offer, which will be made available with 5 major banks in Poland, as part of its service called MyWallet, is one of the first advanced solutions commercially implemented in Europe. It's an expansion of the global cooperation between Deutsche Telekom, which owns T-Mobile, and us. And if you remember, we announced this collaboration a little earlier this year. And also in Poland. MasterCard, Orange and mBank are launching a service called MasterCard Orange Cash, which is really a PayPass prepaid card in a mobile phone, kind of getting them a SIM access to their prepaid card that will support contactless payments. Finally, over the last 2 quarters, I've talked about the progress we made on our DataCash business. This quarter, let me give you a few new highlights. In Brazil, DataCash and Redecard recently signed a deal to provide payment processing and fraud and risk management services. The deal, which is our first e-commerce gateway offering in Latin America, will be rolled out in the first half of 2013. Latin America, as you know, does not have a great deal of offering in this space, so we think this is actually quite a breakthrough. In Europe, DataCash's home territory, we are continuing to make progress, signing agreements with varied clients as different as the National Bank of Greece on the one hand; Foxtons in the U.K., where almost 80% their payments are now being made online; and a contract renewal with Domino's Pizza, which is delightful, for their U.K., Ireland and Germany operations. So now let me turn the call over to Martina for a detailed update on our financial results. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin on Page 3 of our slide deck. So for the third quarter, we saw good performance considering the very tough comps we were up against from the third quarter of last year. As Ajay already said, this performance is in line with the expectations that we spoke about our investor meeting in September. Net revenue grew 5% or 10% after adjusting for currency, driven by volume and transaction growth, as well as new deals. Total operating expenses increased 5% or 8% after adjusting for currency. So bottom line, we delivered net income of $772 million, up 8% or 13% after adjusting for currency, and diluted earnings per share of $6.17, up 10% or 15% after adjusting for currency. As I mentioned last quarter, we continued to work on our tax planning strategies. And we were able to realize some benefits from these strategies in the third quarter. These benefits are primarily due to certain tax initiatives, some of which are discrete items in the period. Cash flow from operations was $1 billion, and we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalent and other liquid investments of about $5.6 billion. While not shown on this slide, during the third quarter, we purchased about 500,000 shares at a cost of approximately $216 million. And through October 25, we repurchased an additional 255,000 shares at a cost of $119 million. And we now have $1.1 billion remaining under the current authorization. And we will continue to look to repurchase shares on an opportunistic basis. So let's turn to Page 4, where you can see the operational metrics for the third quarter of 2012. In general, the third quarter performance of our business drivers was in line with what we presented on a quarter-to-date basis at our investor meeting in September. So let's turn to our volume metrics. First, worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV was up 14% on a local currency basis. U.S. GDV grew 7%. Debit growth in the U.S. remains healthy at 14%. Credit volumes in the U.S. grew about 1%. Commercial credit growth remains strong in the mid-teens. And as you know, we are still having work to do in U.S. consumer credit. Outside of the U.S., volume growth was 17% on a local currency basis, including mid-teens growth in Europe and Latin America and more than 20% growth in APMEA. The growth rates outside of the U.S. were driven by the strength in both MasterCard credit and debit volumes, which were up 13% and 23%, respectively. Cross-border volume grew 14% on a local currency basis, including mid-teens growth in Latin America and Europe and high-teens growth in Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Africa. So turning to Slide 5. Here, you can see processed transactions were up 24%, slightly lower than the growth rates that we saw in the first and the second quarter. As expected, this deceleration was mainly driven by the lapping of our processing win in the Netherlands, which was fully lapped by the end of this year. Drilling down further, about half of the 24% growth comes from the new PIN debit transactions in the U.S., leaving about 12% as the underlying growth rate. Now globally, the number of cards grew 8% to 1.9 billion MasterCard and Maestro branded cards. Now let's turn to Page 6. And here, we can discuss our revenue growth in a bit more detail. Domestic assessments and cross-border fees grew both 8% on an as-reported basis and 12% after adjusting for currency. Transaction processing fees grew 10%, driven mainly by the 24% growth in processed transactions. The gap between these 2 growth rates continues to be in the 13 to 14 percentage point range. As we've mentioned previously, the majority of this gap is caused by U.S. PIN debit transactions and non-U.S. transactions that both come with a lower-than-average revenue yield. The remainder of the gap is primarily explained by FX. Other revenues grew 11%. And finally, rebates and incentives increased 20%, driven by the impact of new and renewed deals, as well as volume growth. Moving to Page 7 for some detail on expenses. And here, you can see total operating expenses. And within that, general and administrative expenses increased 10% due to higher personnel costs in support of our strategic growth initiatives. So very similar to last quarter, these include on-the-ground resources for prepaid, commercial and mobile, as well as supporting the growth in various markets and expansion into additional countries. Advertising and marketing expense was 12% lower than last year's third quarter on an as-reported basis and 8% lower on an FX adjusted basis. This increase was mainly due to the nonrecurrence of expenses related to last year's Rugby World Cup, as well as the timing of certain initiatives this year. Depreciation, amortization increased 14% due primarily to increased capitalized software associated with our strategic projects. So turning to Slide 8. Let me discuss 2012 and really starting with an update of what we have seen for the fourth quarter through October 28. Globally, our cross-border volumes grew about 17%, roughly 3 percentage points higher than what we saw in the third quarter. This was primarily driven by Europe, where cross-border growth improved from the mid-teens to the high-teens. In the U.S., our processed volume proxy for GDV grew 7%, and that's pretty similar to our growth in the third quarter. Processed volume growth outside of the U.S. grew to about 15%, which is just a bit higher than the 13% growth we saw in the third quarter. And in Europe, processed volume growth through October 28 was in the mid-teens versus the low-teens we saw in the third quarter. Globally, processed transaction growth was about 22%, down from the 24% we saw in the third quarter, and that's primarily due to the lapping of the PIN processing wins in the U.S. and in the Netherlands. So now I'd like to share with you our thoughts for the rest of 2012, which remains fairly consistent with what we shared with you at our recent investor day meeting on September 20. We continue to expect second half revenue growth to be somewhat lower than the 13% FX adjusted growth rates we saw in the second quarter due to timing of new deals, tougher comps and continued global economic uncertainty. You saw the impact of these items on our third quarter results. However, some of what we expected in the third quarter for rebates and incentives will now likely materialize in the fourth quarter. We remain committed to achieving a minimum 50% annual operating margin. And we continue to expect only a small operating margin expansion in 2012 relative to 2011. For the fourth quarter, G&A expense growth will be about the same as the growth rate we saw in the second and in the third quarter on an FX adjusted basis. We continue to invest on our strategic growth initiative, including the expansion of our Access Prepaid and DataCash acquisition, which has now fully lapped. As we have said before, our 2012 A&M spend is expected to be lower than 2011 on an FX adjusted and on an as-reported basis. In addition, the quarterly spend as a percentage of the full year will be very similar to 2011. So regarding FX rates, if you assume the euro continues to trade around $1.30 and Brazilian real continues to trade around the $2 level for the rest of the year, we would expect about a 2 to 3 percentage point headwind to net revenue, net income and EPS in the fourth quarter. Based on some additional tax benefits, we were able to record -- that we were able to record in the third quarter, we now expect our full year 2012 tax rate to be about 30%. Going forward, as we said at investor day, in order to calculate our 2013 to 2015 EPS objective CAGR, you would need to use starting tax rate of 32%, not 30%. So finally, as we outlined at our investor day meeting last month, our new performance objective for the 2013 to 2015 period are: a net revenue CAGR of 11% to 14%, a minimum annual operating margin of 50% and an earnings per share CAGR of at least 20%. As you know, these objectives are all on a constant-currency basis and exclude any new acquisitions. Our assumptions also do not contemplate at this point a more pronounced deterioration in the U.S. economy or more significant problems within the Eurozone than what we're already seeing. And as I said at last month's investor meeting, while we have a 3-year CAGR objective, in any given year, the actual net revenue growth could be above or below our 11% to 14% range. Based on our current expectations of the economic environment, we expect that net revenue and EPS growth in the early part of this year might be slightly below the range. In later years, assuming the world returns to a more stable environment, we believe net revenue growth could be at the higher end of the range and that could also benefit EPS growth in that particular period. Now let me turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session.
Barbara L. Gasper: Thank you, Martina. We're now ready to begin the question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] John?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I was hoping to get some clarification on the European wins with Nordea and CSOB. Could you just clarify the specifics on the expansion of those relationships? For example, does debit now move exclusively to you? And also, can you just touch on the timing of those -- of when those wins ramp into your numbers? And then just secondarily, on the rebates line, if Martina, you could just clarify what you guys are expecting for the fourth quarter.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Okay, Sanjay. So Nordea, we have signed in the Nordics. We have signed Swedbank some time ago, right? And what Nordea really is, first, is the signing of their consumer credit and the co-brand portfolios, which are primarily driven off credit in the Nordics. What we've also done is that they have expanded into the Baltics as a bank. And in the Baltics, we've got both debit and credit with them. So in the Nordics, we don't have debit with them, we have credit and co-brand. In the Baltics, we have debit and credit. And so when you put all that together, that I said, we'll kind of double our market share across credit and debit in the Nordic and Baltic regions over the next 3 years. Now why 3 years? Because these are phased and we're not doing a master flip on 1 day. It's kind of a phased-in reissuance when the cards come up for reissuing over there. In the Czech Republic, with CSOB, so that one is actually what we're doing there is to flip them into getting more cards with us. We think that because it's such a large player there, we could get a 20% increase in our share of cards in the Czech Republic. This will kind of take between 8 months and 2 years to complete. It's not an overnight flip either.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So Sanjay, with respect to your second question on the rebate line. So what I was just saying is that we did actually expect to have a little bit higher rebates than the incentive line in the third quarter than what we have, and that simply what happened is that a number of the deals that we expected to sign in the third quarter are slipping into the fourth quarter. And as you know, from a seasonal perspective, our fourth quarter is typically the highest quarter from a rebates and incentives point of view simply because at that point in time, you have the holiday season going on, you have a number of merchant initiatives and incentives going on. So I just want to make sure that everybody captures that.
Ajaypal S. Banga: And we've got a pretty full deal pipeline. So that's kind of why she is so careful about this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Maurer from CLSA.
Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I actually had 2 questions. One is have you heard any rumblings out of Brazil in terms of the regulatory environment, potential changes down there? And secondly, in terms of U.S. credit, you said you continue to look at initiatives. But my only question there is, is there really anything to do other than continue to support your existing partners and wait for deals to come up for possible renewal wins?
Ajaypal S. Banga: So Brazil, nothing new that I've heard in the rumblings other than what's been there for a while with imposing taxes in foreign purchases and the like. But I haven't picked up anything new. The part about credit in the U.S. Commercial credit in the U.S., we're actually doing really well. Strong growth, mid-teens. It's consumer credit that we were talking about. And there are 2 parts to it. One part is clearly the part of our working with existing issuers. We've got a mix of issuers, and you know who those are and you know who our competitive brands, has got a mix of issuers. You also know which banks are coming out of the cycle faster, in some cases, than the others. There's only so much we can do on that other than work with the existing portfolios, as you said, to see if there's opportunity for those banks that could exist to work that portfolio harder. But the other part of it has got a lot to do with kind of getting small wins going, whether it be independent banks and credit unions, which we've been doing consistently for the 1.5 years, 2 years but kind of focusing on that. And the other part is co-brands. And co-brands keep coming up. And as they come up, we work with them. But there's also geographic expansions on new products. So a number of the regional banks are going into different kinds of new products in the credit space, so their balance sheet, as you know, was somewhat better than those of some of the larger banks. And those all come up for being available for a discussion. Almost all these banks are in dialogue with us at some stage or the other. So it's a slow fix. It doesn't happen overnight unless you get some big change in the portfolio. But if we do it systematically and we're doing it systematically with the independent banks and credit unions and working with our current customers and looking at all the co-brands, then I'm convinced that over a period of a couple of years, we can make a really big difference to this number.
Operator: Our next question comes from Don Fandetti from Citigroup.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Ajay, it looks like the cross-border started to accelerate nicely in October, particularly around Europe. Can you just talk a little bit more on what you're seeing on the ground in Europe? It seems like maybe the worst is behind you.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Yes. Don, I don't know that I'd go that far about being the worst behind. I, honestly -- I'm as surprised as you are, by the first 4 weeks of this quarter. Mind you, it is there in the first 3 weeks, too. So if you look at this data as of October 21, you'll discover a similar trend. So it feels like the fourth week is similar to the first 3. And I don't know if that makes a trend, but in another month or so, I'll feel a little differently. Right now, I just see a complicated economic environment out there. I see, and I've said this openly, I think of the U.S. as being in actually a relatively better shape as an economy than a lot of people give it credit for, both between individuals and corporate balance sheets. I think if the government was able to show some degree of clarity and leadership around solving for the cliff, I suspect the U.S. economy could provide a surprise on upside to almost every kind of company. But that has to happen before you can say that. And nobody knows what will actually come out of that over the next month or 2. Now you go to Europe. And like it's been, we feel fortunate as a company. The mix of our business is biased towards Northern Europe and towards the emerging economies of Europe. And that has really seen us in good stead while Russia has slowed in growth a little bit. But when you slow in growth from a large double-digit number to a slightly less large double-digit number, I'll take that every day of the week. And so that's helped us. We are less exposed to Portugal and Ireland and Greece and Spain. We've kind of said in the past that only 5% of our revenue as a company comes from the PIGS economies and that kind of helped us. So I think that part of what you're seeing in our numbers is our relatively high exposure to the economies that seemed to be doing better. In the last 2 or 3 months, I have been in the Nordics, I've been in Germany. So I've actually seen a couple of these economies firsthand. And yes, they do look different from what you see in Southern Europe. As we come to Asia and Latin America. In Asia, China is showing some impact and you read about it. But remember, we don't do domestic processing in China, we do cross-border. Cross-border is just fine, thank you, and that's been helpful. And then you look at India. And India, yes, the economy is slowing, but it's 66% driven by domestic consumption, which is still doing pretty well. And so our mix of business is what is allowing us to weather this storm in the way we are doing it, and that's what's factored into all our thinking when we spoke to you at investor day about how we think about the next 3 years. We think of 2013 as being probably more complicated than 2014 and '15. And 2013 may well bring, as Martina said, our revenue and our EPS somewhere lower than the range we gave you. But remember, it's a cumulative average growth rate we're talking about. We'll probably end up somewhere better in the next 2 years, and that's how we look at our business and its mix. It's a long answer to a simple question. But actually, that ain't a simple question, Don.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Brendler from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher C. Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Can you comment on the U.S. domestic debit market? You provided some helpful disclosures there, about half of the growth rate of 24% coming from the PIN debit side. Just wondering, are we completely through the portfolio conversions? Do you have any insight into your pipeline? You've had some nice U.S. wins on the debit side, seemed to have slowed over the last year. I think we're almost full lapping of that, so the 12% -- I guess, my question is, is the 12% for the core growth rate absent those portfolio conversions? And also, where is the track and the trend on the PIN debit side? Are you maintaining your share gains? Has Visa's PIN-authenticated Visa Debit had any impact on your debit wins on the PIN side? Any color would be helpful.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So Chris, let me take this. First of all, for the quarter, yes, the 12% was the underlying growth rate when you strip out -- most of the differential to the 24% was really related to the new debit PIN business in the United States. I think I want to differentiate between the PIN business and the signature debit business. On the PIN business, as you know, because of the regulatory changes that have to happen in the U.S., there was a big push in the first -- in the second -- really in the second and the third quarter, and that is what we saw into the numbers. Having said that, we're going to continued work on the PIN business, but I don't think you should be expecting going forward to have a similar push to what have to happen, leading up to April 15 of this year. On the signature debit side, again, you should be expecting that we're working those portfolios in a fairly significant way. So we have deal pipelines and you should just expect that you will see these kind of more normal cadence that we enjoyed during time. So whether the 12% underlying growth rate is going to persist, that depends. We have it now for a number of quarters. As you know, it really depends on how consumers are using their debit cards going forward. I think the one other question that you had was in terms of are we seeing any particular losses on the PIN business. Again, as you know, it's a complicated business. So far, we've been able to get a nice share on this. We have not seen any material deterioration on that versus the last quarter, and we'll be continuing to work this space as we see fit.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Chris, the only thing I'd add to that is that you asked specifically about Visa's pricing strategy. And yes, they've got that pricing strategy rolled out over there. We are not playing the game the way they are. This is my own understanding. I think they are impacting the regional networks more right now with that pricing strategy than the wins that we've got, but that could change. So we are very carefully watching it. We've got great MIS now. We've got great ability to track this stuff by merchant, by geography. And our team is very conscious of keeping our head above water on what we are doing here. So that's what we are up to.
Christopher C. Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Can I ask a quick follow-up? On the acquiring side, there was, I think, a licensing fee. I think, Martina, you actually characterized it as a pricing change in the U.S. in your last public comments. I just wanted to confirm that, that was fully impacting this quarter. My understanding was it kicked in July 1, but I didn't see it.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, there was a full impact this quarter.
Christopher C. Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: But I just didn't see any sequential change in your growth rates in domestic assessments or rebates or anything like that, so I guess...
Martina Hund-Mejean: No, it's not in domestic assessment, it's in other revenues.
Christopher C. Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And so your comments that it was relatively small...
Martina Hund-Mejean: It is relatively small.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Now you're into 5 questions, Chris. That's 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. But yes, it is relatively small.
Operator: Next question comes from David Turgut from Evercore Partners.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Could you update us on your appeal of the European Commission pricing structure on cross-border debit and credit within the EU? And then just in connection with that, we're hearing that the EC wants to regulate domestic interchange in the EU. Do you have any reaction to that? And what might be any impact on your own pricing strategy?
Ajaypal S. Banga: Well, I've got Noah sitting next to me right here, so Noah is going to chat with you about that. Go ahead, Noah.
Noah J. Hanft: Yes. So as you know, we filed our appeal as to the general court decision against the European Commission. That's going to play out over some time. So we have nothing else to add on that, other than the fact that the appeal is pending. And as to the question about the European Commission and domestic interchange, I think it remains to be seen as to the positions they're going to take. I mean, that also is in play, but time will tell as to whether ultimately they cease to regulate in that space.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And if the EC does regulate domestic interchange, do you expect to maintain your own network pricing within the EU?
Ajaypal S. Banga: Well, who knows, right? But I mean, at the end of the day, you've got to remember, we don't make money out of the interchange. And so we've got -- as what exactly we've discussed in many countries around the world, pricing, our ability to price our work with issuers, our work with merchants, yes, the entire market moves around with interchange in terms of economics between merchants and banks. But the impact on us comes more from what happens to total payment volumes and the interest that issuers have in expanding the payments business and the interest that merchants have in accepting electronic payments. And that's the way we look at it, rather than, "Oh, if interchange changes, what happens to my pricing?" It hasn't proven to work that way for many years now. So we keep getting the same question, I keep giving the same answer. So hopefully, I'm consistent with that one, buddy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gil Luria from Wedbush Securities.
Gil B. Luria - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask about what impact you expect from the new retailer joint venture that they referred to MCX. They've tried legislating against you, Durbin ended up being a net positive. Litigating, you seemed to be selling on pretty decent terms. So now they're trying to compete with you, do you think they have the resources and the will to build an alternative payment network? And in the shorter term, do you think the fact that they'll capture a lot of aggregate data means that they will have less demand for the data you sell from MasterCard Advisors?
Ajaypal S. Banga: So you've got 2 or 3 questions in there. And the first part is this whole MCX has got very little detail on what they are doing, what they intend to do. It's very difficult for me to give you much specific commentary on that. Do they have the resources and the will to do something about MCX? Yes. Does that add up to real payments network? Not really, if you think of what a payments network brings, if you look at the totality of it. So I think there are 2 very different angles in there. We have looked -- a number of them are already business partners of ours, and those are important retailers. And we're always talking with them about what we could do with them and for them. So that dialogue is ongoing. I think the aspect of data, yes, some of them will be collecting more data. But remember this, that the data we have cuts across millions of merchants in lots of geographies. The ability for our data to be somewhat, therefore, more predictive than that of any group of retailers is still very strong. What we do not do, which we don't do even today, we do not collect SKU level data and we do not collect individual names. One of the best parts about our data is that we are not collecting your name. In fact, your name doesn't come to us in the transaction. What comes to is a card number, a merchant code, a dollar value and a time of the transaction. And I think that still remains in our benefit that we aren't actually crossing the line into an individual's name. So our way of using our data is different. And I think there's enough space in this growing big data market for us and some others to be competing. So I'm less concerned about that aspect of it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Kupferberg from Jefferies.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Any way to get a sense of potential impacts from Hurricane Sandy on your U.S., your cross-border volumes? I'm sure a lot of international trips probably got canceled or postponed by the storm. Anything that you would suggest could end up being material, understanding you wouldn't have any kind of specific numbers at this point?
Martina Hund-Mejean: So Jason, when we did the analysis on other of such storms in other parts of the country or in the world, net-net, in the end of the day, you see very little impact, so we might be. When we see our weekly data for this week, we might be. We definitely we'll be seeing some impact, but usually over time, that evens out. And so what you have to understand, if you were in New York City on Saturday and Sunday, first of all, everybody went to the shops, and I am surprised that the shops have any type of food still on the shelves because everybody was buying like crazy and stocking up. This is obviously a benefit because I saw a lot of MasterCards coming out of the wallets to be used for that. Then we probably have a little bit of a down period and, of course, people were not dining. Of course, you have tourists probably laying low in the hotels. Hopefully, they did some good spending there. And then after the storm, you have people starting to come out again. And unless -- I mean, I hope some of the food was spoiled, so they're going to have to stock back up again. And they have some pent-up demand. I believe this weekend, you will see some of that coming in. So in the end, when we look at these kind of storms -- and this was a 2-, 3-day kind of event, so it was actually a relatively defined event. We believe that over the quarter, you are not going to see some impact. And obviously, we're wishing well for everybody who had to go through this terrible storm.
Ajaypal S. Banga: The other angle, Jason, is that a lot of foreign tourists were also stuck here. Others may not have been able to come in, so it's kind of worked both ways. It's tough to predict, but there's no doubt that it creates a whole new element of uncertainty in so many people's lives with all they've been through.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Right. Okay. No, all that color makes sense. And just for a follow-up, on the merchant litigation, since you guys have Noah there, any concerns on the opt-outs getting to 25% of total or any other circumstances you can foresee as you go through this multistep process towards finalizing or truly finalizing the settlement? Anything that could potentially derail it? Or is your level of confidence in having it go forward with essentially the same terms that we first heard about in July, is that level of confidence intact?
Ajaypal S. Banga: So Noah actually ran out of the room as soon as you started your question. He's here right now. Go ahead, Noah.
Noah J. Hanft: Thanks for the opportunity to respond to him. Let me say that, as you know, Judge Gleeson issued his order as far as preliminary approval is concerned. And we're pleased that he indicated that despite request for a protracted briefing efforts in so far as the approval is concerned, he set a short date for a hearing and indicated that preliminary approval is appropriate, where we have a situation where the proposal is the result of serious negotiation between the parties. So we feel pretty good about that moving forward in a rapid manner. At this point, there have been some merchants, as you know, that are objecting to the settlement. But I would point out that of the original merchants in the class, setting aside the trade associations, a majority of those merchants actually signed the settlement agreement. And that's in addition to the 22 individual merchants that were plaintiffs that also agreed to the terms. So at the end of the day, we think the prospects are good. But really, it's up to the judge, who will openly determine the fairness of the settlement. At the end of the day, there can be opt-outs. And if even that 25% number is reached, it's still up to the defense -- defendants to decide whether to go forward with the settlement. So we believe we feel good about the prospects. And again, it's up to the judge to determine the ultimate fairness of the settlement.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I think you feel pretty good about the appeal process, assuming that, that occurs post Judge Gleeson's ruling.
Noah J. Hanft: Absolutely.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rod Bourgeois from Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I wanted to inquire about the SEPA situation. I mean, you had some pretty good SEPA wins in recent years. Can you give us an update on the latest process for additional domestic processing wins in Europe? Recognizing that the EU is pushing pretty aggressively for regulation in Europe, does that regulatory push in Europe at all, maybe in the next 6 months, alter your ability to win SEPA deals in Europe? And does it make it more likely that future SEPA wins are further down the road rather than over the next 2 or 3 quarters?
Ajaypal S. Banga: So not really. There's actually many different parts in Europe, like everything else in Europe, right? And the fact is that if you look to the third quarter, our domestic transactions, now that they're lapping all those humongous wins in the Netherlands, still grew 26%. We're still growing pretty handsomely in the Netherlands per se. And we grew by an enormous number in Belgium. We are beginning to grow in Austria. We are growing domestic transactions in Germany. We've been able to implement a Maestro Fraud Shield in Germany to help reduce fraud and protect all our international Maestro acceptance. And in fact, we think that by the end of the year, 80% of all German Maestro cards, which is a number well in the excess of tens of millions of cards, will be on this tool, which is a derivative of inControl. We are sort of -- we are working with ING to be issuing PayPass-enabled cards in Netherlands starting January. I've talked to you about the Nordea win. I've talked to you about Swedbank. We've got a pipeline of deals across SEPA in this space, both in terms of traditional wins, as well as processing. So I would say to you there's different parts going on. This all the day-to-day business, where there is all the effect of SEPA and the payment systems directive that is still flowing through. There is the issue of what's going to happen with the appeal, as Noah said, and what's going to happen with the green paper. But guys, every bank is moving forward and we are all moving forward with that business. There's no doubt that continued regulatory uncertainty always makes people uncomfortable. But Europe's been having some of this uncertainty for quite a while now. It's not a new event in Europe. So that's kind of where we are right now with all this. Having said that, winning domestic processing in Europe is not something that happens in 3 months. Any one deal takes quite a while to happen. So I'm not sitting and fretting about that issue right now in my numbers for the next few months or quarters.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Great. And then just really quick as a follow-up on a related note. It's good to hear that you don't have any major renewals until 2014. On the deal that you -- the large client that you recently renewed, did the European push for regulation have any effect on your sort of new contract with this bank in Europe?
Ajaypal S. Banga: Crédit Agricole, you're talking about. No, nothing at all. I mean, listen, every big bank in every part of the world negotiates hard to protect their interest and negotiates hard to protect their growth, as with every big merchant whom we talk to. So there's always that pressure with every institution each and every time. It's been that way since 25 years, so that's there. But I can tell you that there's no difference in our conversations with these institutions that's coming out of this. They all want to know what's going on with the green paper. They want to understand our strategy compared to that of our largest competitors. They want to comprehend what our approach is in terms of affluent cards and nonaffluent cards. They want to make sure that they understand what we are doing. But beyond that, it's a pretty healthy dialogue.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Great. So there's no terms in that contract that are contingent upon regulatory outcomes. You were able to get everything etched in stone despite...
Ajaypal S. Banga: No. And that's question number 3, Rod. No.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Carcache from Nomura.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: There's been a lot of focus and a lot of attention on mobile acceptance technologies in the U.S., like Square and similar offerings. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing, I guess, in terms of mobile acceptance, similar types of mobile acceptance technologies in emerging markets and whether -- I guess, just thinking about the potential for there to be kind of a step change in electronic payment, penetration rates in the emerging markets as a result of not having to kind of have the traditional point-of-sale infrastructure laid out. Anything that you're seeing there? And secondly, as a follow-up, if you could also talk about from the standpoint of your conversations with other mobile network operators, whether sorting out or hashing through the economics of partnerships, it seems like it's something that is taking place on a case-by-case basis. But I wonder if you could give any comment as to whether that's a sticking point or any color around that.
Ajaypal S. Banga: So I mean, I'll answer the second one a little bit quickly, and then we'll go to the first one. In the second one, it's absolutely correct that there is a case-by-case approach right now. And the reason for that is no one's clear how this will develop over a period of time. So the traditional role of an operator versus a hardware manufacturer versus the bank versus the merchant versus the network is still moving around. And the one big difference is that everybody's there playing. A little while back, we used to all talk about how the mobile networks would be able to do all this without the banks and the payment network. So I think you've seen that dialogue completely change through the efforts we've put in. We now have 30 of these partnerships around the world. I talked about it a few -- a little while ago today. But if you add up what we've been doing over a period of time, there are a ton of these around the world. I remain convinced these will take time to come to fruition. I remain convinced that infrastructure has to be built, that these economic terms have to be agreed to, that consumer behavior has to adjust and adapt for it to come to fruition. One of the aspects of infrastructure that could help, which has not to do with mobile payments, it has to do with the other side of this, which is your first part, which is the mobile as a point-of-sale, which could transform the acceptance of casual merchants, smaller merchants and merchants with inadequate fixed line infrastructure in countries like India and South Africa and different parts of the world. There's momentum. We've invested in a company like iZettle, for example, which is out there trying to build this. We've got a great partnership with Square. We're actually talking to them about going to countries outside of the U.S. There's other players. There's Rev. There's a couple of other players out there that are trying to think about how to use alternative methods to enhance the experience of using a mobile as a point-of-sale. We ourselves are doing stuff as well, which is in MasterCard Labs, that some of you have seen, that also works with using tablets and mobility devices as a point-of-sale. These are all -- they're happening, but they're far out there. What I was talking about in India, for example, with the unique identification authority, with fingerprinting that I've talked about a few quarters ago, that relies on the mobile being -- having a fingerprint reader attached to it in a small village shop, which can then be used to enable transactions from the bank accounts into which a direct deposit of subsidies is made. So there's a lot of work going on. We have developed that technology. It is in our system because we have 1 release around the world. We don't have 1 part of the world as an association. We've got everything together. We've got 1 release around the world. We kind of have this done. And we are ready to bring it into different countries as it rolls along. So we're working very hard on it at the front end. But I'd say it's not going to happen tomorrow. It's going to be a slow build over the course of a few years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Jeffrey from SunTrust.
Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Martina, could you just clarify in terms of the rebates and incentive commentary with regard to the fourth quarter, is the higher level specifically tied to current period deal signings? Or is it related also to the higher volume within existing contracts?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Well, first of all, as you know, our fourth quarter has always enjoyed the highest level of rebates and incentives, right? So I'd say you've got to have -- so if you look at our quarterly cadence over the last 10 years, it always was higher in the fourth quarter. And as we told you before, it was really higher in the fourth quarter primarily due to what's going on around the holidays and what we might be doing from a merchant initiative point to view, right? So now secondly, what you're having going on in the fourth quarter is that we have a very robust deal pipeline, as Ajay said. And some of the deals we did not sign in the third quarter, I fully expect them to come through in the fourth quarter, and then you would see a little bit of an up there, too. Lastly, you have just seen for October that our volumes are just a tad higher, not in the United States but outside of the United States, as well as with cross-border. So depending on whether that will persist for the remaining 2 months of the quarter, you might see a little bit of an uptick there, too.
Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And that's helpful. And as a follow-up, it sounds like you're being very disciplined in your PIN debit share strategy. Is there anything, Ajay, that you've seen intrinsically change with regard to PIN debit profitability? I know you've always mentioned that the revenue yield is lower, but they're still very profitable transactions. Is there anything that's at all been altered by the pricing environment with regard to the ROI on PIN debit or just the incremental profitability?
Ajaypal S. Banga: No, Andrew. Nothing has changed on that front. In fact, as time goes by, as we see more of these transactions, I'm kind of hoping that I'll be able to do something with that data to help my Advisors business. But typically, you need to see some years of real data to make that predictability improve even further. So that's not a 2013 event. But seeing more data is really important to our company. It makes a big difference to the values of what we sell in addition to just being a network. And so it's important, and we are working very hard. Whether it be to the SEPA question that Rod was asking or your question right now, it really matters.
Operator: We have a question from Tien-Tsin Huang from JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just 2 quick clarifications. Is this the small operating benefit expected for the year? In the past, you said that you could spend, I guess, some more on incremental growth investments. I didn't hear that this quarter. I'm curious of the change. And to the extent that there are incremental growth investments, will they be organic, in the form of hiring people, or inorganic, like buying tech assets? Just trying to assess where G&A could shake out as we get through the end of the year.
Ajaypal S. Banga: So you're stealing my closing comments. But that is kind of -- I have every intention to keep using opportunities to put money back in. Frankly, one of the things I'm trying to do very clearly and concisely is truly look at the company's tax profile. We used to pay a much higher tax rate. We are working very hard in the company to bring that tax rate down through 2 things. One is consistent proper tax planning in terms of where our different assets are located and how the revenue reaches those assets compared to the tax rates in that geography and considering the tax rates across the United States and that geography. The second is all the clearing up of one-timers that Martina and Tim have done -- and Tim Berger have done an outstanding job on. So my attitude is to use those 2 in addition to business growth that I feel may give me better margins at different points of time and keep putting that back into short-term opportunities. But I also want to put our cash back into longer-term opportunities, whether it'd be the acquisitions of the type, Tien-Tsin, that be it DataCash access or Truaxis or be it the purchasing of patent portfolios from Vivotech recently, which we also announced, I don't know, Noah, for a month or so ago, 1.5 months, 2 months ago? So I'm trying to do a bunch of things that are both short-term and medium-term in nature by using these opportunities. And that's not changed at all.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. No, that makes sense. The other clarification, I'll let you go, just the October trends for U.S.A. credit and debit, did you give that, Martina? Or did I miss it?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes. What I did is I basically talked about our processed volume proxy for GDV and the U.S. And I said it grew up to October 28 at 7%, which is very similar to what you saw in the third quarter.
Ajaypal S. Banga: The improvement, Tien-Tsin, in the 4 quarters -- 4 weeks of October, has been mostly outside of the U.S., and has been in every region outside of the U.S. But in the U.S., it's been kind of the same number as we saw during the third quarter.
Barbara L. Gasper: Okay. Ajay, you've got some closing comments?
Ajaypal S. Banga: Yes, now that Tien-Tsin has stolen them. But guys thanks to all your questions. And we've basically delivered a solid third quarter. And I want to make this point that it's right in line with the expectations that we had as we lapped that exceptional third quarter of last year. We believe the markets are going to stay unpredictable for the next, I don't know, 12, 18 months. But dialing any -- barring any significant deterioration in global economic conditions, we are very committed to our new performance objectives for the 2013 to '15 period. And as Martina indicated and we spoke of in our recent investor day and I just said so again in answer to one of the questions, our net revenue and EPS growth could be slightly below the range early in that 3-year period. Now my view is unchanged. The payments space is a great business to be in. 85% of the world's transactions are still being conducted using cash. That provides us a strong driver for revenue even during periods of overall economic uncertainty that impacts per capita expenditure. We continue to look at targeted investments and partnership opportunities to help drive our strategic focus areas for short- and long-term growth. That's the Tien-Tsin portion. And with that, thank you, all, for your time today, and thank you for your faith in the company.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara L. Gasper - Director Ajaypal S. Banga - Chief Executive Officer, President, President of Mastercard International, Chief Executive Officer of Mastercard International and Director Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer Noah J. Hanft - Chief Franchise Integrity Officer, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary
Analysts: Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2012 MasterCard Earnings Conference Call. My name is Laura, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Barbara L. Gasper: Thank you, Laura. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today, either by phone or webcast, for a discussion about our second quarter 2012 financial results. With me on the call today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask a question. This morning's earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at mastercard.com. Both the earnings release and the slide deck include reconciliations of any non-GAAP measures to their GAAP equivalent. They have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A dial-in replay of this call will be available for 1 week through August 8. And finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today's call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our recent SEC filings. And now with that, I will turn the call over to Ajay.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Thanks, Barbara. Good morning, everybody. In the second quarter, we saw net revenue grow 9% as reported or 13% on a constant currency basis. This increase was driven by healthy volume and transaction growth, which helped to fuel net income growth of 17%, and EPS growth of 19%, a very good quarter despite some of the global economic headlines that we've all seen. And so while looking at those underlying economic trends, I'm just going to start with the United States. And our MasterCard SpendingPulse data shows that second quarter retail sales x auto for the economy as a whole grew by 5.5%, but this growth is not as robust as the 7.4% we saw in the first quarter. MasterCard's United States GDV followed that trend with 9% growth in the second quarter versus 14% in the first quarter. And this pace of retail sales growth right now is expected to slow further through the second half of this year. Most of this anticipated deceleration is explained by tougher comps in the economy versus a year ago. However, consumer confidence could also play a role and one example of that is that the impact of lower gas prices is not yet making its way back into other sectors of U.S. consumer spending, and in fact, is adding to the savings rate of households in the United States as the FT says this morning. The housing market seems to be showing some signs of recovery but unemployment rates have remained around 8%, as we all know, for the past 2 quarters. And given all this in the current economic situation, our perspective is we would need to see more stable growth signals before expecting U.S. consumer confidence levels to show a sustained increase. In Europe, despite the current economic headlines, our volume and transaction growth has remained fairly steady. Growth in Northern and Eastern Europe is compensating for slowdowns in markets such as Spain and Greece. The consumer confidence levels are recovering from their year-end 2011 lows, while business sentiment, on the other hand, is still declining as a result of the current economic crisis. And these are conflicting signals and they indicate that continued market volatility is likely to continue in Europe, at least for the near future. Elsewhere in the world, Latin America and Asia continue to show solid performance for MasterCard despite a few signs of economic softening. Brazil, our largest market in Latin America, began showing some signs of economic slowdown although consumer confidence has remained high. Both our domestic and cross-border volume growth in Brazil remains strong with growth rates well above 20%. Looking across the major markets in Asia, we're seeing the same indications you're all seeing of economic slowdown in China and India, and while that did not seem to have an impact in this quarter, we're going to be watching this very carefully during the second half of this year. Overall, we maintain our cautious outlook for the rest of 2012. We will continue to watch global macroeconomic indicators, particularly as they pertain to Europe. We would need to see improvement in these before we can expect sustained positive growth and spending trends. And while this economic climate is volatile, our business continues to show strong double-digit growth, and we think that we are successfully navigating through the economic challenges by focusing on what we can influence and control and executing on our business strategy against those things that we have [ph] said we can influence and control. So before I get into our business highlights, let me give you a brief update on the litigation front. And as you know, we recently announced settlement terms for the U.S. merchant class litigation, as well as an agreement in principle with a group of individual merchants. As a result of having [ph] negotiations finally landed, we took an additional $20 million pretax charge in the second quarter to recognize our total financial obligations of $790 million under the settlement. You will recall, we took the other $770 million in the fourth quarter of last year. This settlement represents a solution reached after years of litigation and months of negotiation. That negotiation process directly involved 36 merchants and 5 trade associations, and with the assistance of the court, resulted in a settlement framework that is approved by all parties. We recognize that some merchants may have different opinions, and the nature of any settlement is going to involve compromise by all parties. But having said that, we fully anticipate that the settlement will be approved by the court. Now moving forward, we understand that it will take some time for passion around these issues to settle down. Our ultimate goal is to ensure that the payments ecosystem, merchants, consumers and issuers, is healthy and transparent so that electronic payments can continue to provide value for all these participants in the ecosystem. So let me turn to our business highlights now, and I'm going to begin with our initiative to support governments around the world. Our approach in working with them highlights the positive aspects of electronic payments. My attempt here, remember, is to reduce the level of cash that is used in the economy. In particular, efficiency and financial inclusion are these positive aspects that we are talking about. So let me give you 3 examples: South Africa, the U.S., and Canada. In South Africa, MasterCard was selected to supply debit cards for the South African Social Security Agency in partnership with Net1, our technology partner, and Grindrod, one of our local bank partners. The program is designed to help the government reduce fraud in these social benefits and also provides an introduction to bank accounts for a large portion of South Africa's currently unbanked population. The card contain an EMV chip with a biometric application that requires the card owner to be authenticated before benefits can be loaded each month, and that's the aspect of fighting fraud. A total of 10 million people are expected to receive these benefit cards by mid-2013. 25% of those cards are already in the market as we speak. Also in South Africa, PayPass has been expanded for the transit system in the city of Durbin. Through the use of a standard bank MasterCard mobile card, including PayPass functionality for retail and a transit wallet for the local buses, this debit card was introduced in the province of KwaZulu-Natal just last week. The card is designed to make public transportation more accessible, more efficient, supports the government's financial inclusion drive for their unbanked population. This mobile card is expected to be expanded to the local railway network, the taxi industry and other transportation operators in the future as the way to integrate that transportation system across the entire province. And as I've mentioned, in the past few quarters here in the United States, we won a number of public sector programs with the states of California, Illinois, New York, Oklahoma, South Carolina. And I'm now pleased to add Alabama to that list. MasterCard is now providing solutions for 12 of the 20 largest state programs as the majority share in the federal government prepaid space and saw 35% volume growth for the first half of this year. We expect to add more names to this list. About a week ago, we announced a first in Canada, a municipal prepaid card program for the city of Toronto. The City Services Benefit Card program provides recipients with reloadable EMV chip and PIN prepaid cards, enabling them to receive their benefits directly to a card. The program offers SMS and e-mail alerts for balances, as well as transaction inquiries, ATM access, online account access, as well as multilingual customer service. While on prepaid, we actually just signed an important deal in the prepaid space, a 5-year agreement with Credicard in Brazil, to use and launch our IPS platform for prepaid processing. The agreement also guarantees the exclusive issuance of MasterCard for their general purpose reloadable prepaid cards as the first IPS launch of a domestic-use only program and it will help Credicard make their debut into the gift and general-purpose reloadable prepaid market. Now let me turn to commercial. We've been experiencing strong growth. Our commercial volume is growing at about 20%, balanced across geographies and market segments ranging from large corporates and governments to small- and medium-sized businesses. We have won new businesses around the globe with many more Fortune 500 companies. And in fact, currently, almost 40% of the Fortune 500 uses MasterCard commercial products, including Johnson & Johnson, AT&T, Procter & Gamble. On the debit front, we are growing our overall debit business in the U.S., a trend that you've seen for a little while now. Our process debit transactions grew 58% over the second quarter of 2011, and sequentially better than the 40% growth rate we saw in the first quarter. The value proposition for our debit customers remains strong. We have seen a robust sales pipeline with significant renewals and wins, including some of our biggest earlier customers such as BMO, Harris Bank and HSBC. Turning to [ph] U.S. As you've now kind of seen over the last couple of years, we have made great progress in prepaid, in debit, and commercial credit businesses. We still have work to do in consumer credit and we're on it. Moving to our activities supporting innovation, particularly around mobile payments, I'm going to mention 2 new launches. The first, we recently announced an agreement with Deutsche Telekom, creating an important new European partnership. This agreement opens the door to mobile payments for Deutsche Telekom's 95 million mobile customers across 11 European markets. The first consumer rollout will take place in Poland later this year, with mobile payment capabilities embedded in the phone. At the same time, a consumer trial will be introduced in Germany, initially using mobile phone tags and cards. A mobile wallet service will be added by the end of 2013. In Argentina, MasterCard and Telefonica's first JV recently launched a mobile wallet service. It's marketed under the brand name Wonder. This is the first commercial launch of our JV, spans 12 countries in Latin America, with almost 100 million movie-style [ph] subscribers. These mobile payment services will be linked to a mobile wallet, a prepaid account that will allow for money transfers, mobile airtime reload, bill payment and retail purchases. Mobile payment solutions, MPS, another of our joint ventures, this one with Smart telecom in the Philippines will be responsible for developing and implementing this mobile wallet technology and the services. And finally, last quarter, I talked about the progress we've made with our DataCash acquisition. And I'm very pleased to add a new highlight. DataCash recently announced that Alipay completed integration with DataCash's international payment solution. Alipay's online payment platform is already one of the most popular in Asia, serving over 500,000 online retailers. This integration with DataCash will help Alipay expand their international reach by enabling online retailers outside of China to process transactions from Chinese consumers using Alipay's e-wallet service. So with that, let me turn the call over to Martina. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin on Page 3 of our Web slide deck, where I will focus on the non-GAAP figures, which exclude the additional $20 million pretax charge we took this quarter related to the U.S. merchant litigation settlement. For the second quarter, we saw solid top line and bottom line results. Net revenue grew 9% or 13% on a constant currency basis, driven by strong volume and transaction growth, as well as new deals. Total operating expenses increased 6% or 9% on a constant currency basis. Bottom line, we delivered net income of $713 million, up 17% or 23% on a constant currency basis, and diluted earnings per share of $5.65, up 19% or 24% on a constant currency basis. As I mentioned last quarter, we expected to realize some onetime benefits to our 2012 effective tax rate. Therefore, besides enjoying the positive effects of our prior tax spending initiatives, we also finalized some work which resulted in discrete benefits relating to additional export incentives and the conclusion of tax examinations in some jurisdictions. Cash flow from operations was $641 million. And we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalent and other liquid investments of about $5 billion. While not shown on this page, during the second quarter, we repurchased about 1.6 million shares at a cost of approximately $671 million. And through July 26, we repurchased an additional 132,250 shares at a cost of $57 million. We have now completed the previous $2 billion share repurchase authorization and have $1.4 billion remaining of the new $1.5 billion authorization. We will continue to look to repurchase shares on an opportunistic basis. So let's now turn to Page 4 where you can see the operational metrics for the second quarter of 2012. As you can see, worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV was up 15% on a local currency basis. U.S. GDV grew 9%. While debit growth in the U.S. remains healthy at 14%, we saw the impact of the lapping of one of our debit brands. Credit volumes in the U.S. grew at about 3%. Commercial credit growth remains strong in the high teens, and as Ajay mentioned, we still have work to do in U.S. consumer credit. Outside of the U.S., volume growth was 19% on a local currency basis, including mid- to high-teens growth in LAC and Europe, and more than 20% growth in APMEA. The growth rate of volume outside the U.S. was driven by strength in both MasterCard credit and debit volumes, which were up 16% and 24%, respectively. Cross-border volume grew 17% on a local currency basis, including growth rates above 20% in Latin America and APMEA. European cross-border volumes growth was in the mid-teens, down just slightly from the previous quarters. So let me turn to Slide 5. Here, you can see that process transactions were up 29%, similar to the growth rate we saw in the first quarter. Now you might think that most of the impact is from the new U.S. debit awards, but it's not. On a net basis, less than half of the 29% growth rate comes from the U.S., primarily due to the new PIN debit transactions. Almost 4 percentage points comes from new processing from the rest of the world, leaving about 13% as the underlying growth rate. Globally, the number of cards grew 9% to 1.8 billion MasterCard- and Maestro-branded cards. Let me turn to Page 6 to discuss our revenue growth in a bit more detail. On an as reported basis, domestic assessments grew 10% versus GDV growth of 9% on a U.S. dollar basis. Cross-border fee revenue grew 11% versus cross-border volume growth of 9% on a U.S. dollar basis. Taking out the impact of currency, domestic assessments grew 15% and cross-border fees grew 14%. Transaction processing fees grew 19%, driven mainly by the 29% growth in process transactions. Excluding pricing, the gap between these 2 growth rates continues to be in the 12 to 13 percentage point range. While there is a little bit of FX impact in this gap, it is mainly driven by all the new PIN transactions that I just mentioned on the previous slide which come with a lower than average revenue yield. Other revenue was 7%, a deceleration from recent quarters due to the anniversary of excess prepaid in April of this year. And finally, rebates and incentives increased 24% driven by the impact of new and renewed deals, as well as strong volume growth. Moving to Page 7 for some detail on expenses. So within total operating expenses, you can see that general and administrative expenses increased 10%, driven by higher personnel costs in support of our strategic growth initiatives. These include on the ground resources of prepaid, commercial and mobile, as well as supporting the growth in various markets and expansion into additional markets. While advertising and marketing expense was down by 7% or was lower by 7% than last year's second quarter on an as-reported basis, it was only about 2% lower on an FX adjusted basis, due to the timing of certain initiatives. Depreciation and amortization increased 13%, due primarily to increased capitalized software associated with our strategic projects. So let me now turn to Slide 8 and let's discuss 2012 starting with an update of what we have seen for the third quarter through July 28. Globally, our cross-border volumes grew about 14%, roughly 3 percentage points lower than what we had seen in the second quarter. This was primarily driven by the slower growth in APMEA, likely due to the timing of Ramadan, and to the impact of the strengthening U.S. dollar when U.S.-issued cards are used overseas, particularly in Europe. In the U.S., our processed volume proxy for GDV grew about 7%, slightly lower than the 9% that we saw in the second quarter. This was largely due to lower credit and debit volume growth. For debit, the slower growth rate can be primarily attributed to the lapping of one of our debit wins, which I mentioned just earlier. Process volume growth outside the U.S. was about 14%, which is similar to the 15% growth we saw in the second quarter. And in Europe, which I know that's a region of particular interest to many of you, process volume growth for July was in the low teens versus mid-teens in the second quarter. Globally, process transaction growth was about 25%, down from the 29% we saw in both Q1 and Q2 of this year due to the continued evolving landscape in U.S. PIN debit processing, as well as the lapping of some of our Netherlands wins. So based on what we see now, let me give you some thoughts for full year of 2012. Before considering the impact of currency, we expect net revenue growth in the second half of the year to be somewhat lower than the 13% growth rate we saw in the second quarter due to really 3 factors: the first one, the expected timing of new and renewed deals over the rest of 2012; to a lesser extent, tougher comps as a result of the very strong revenue growth we saw in the second half of 2011; and certainly, this global economic uncertainty, which could temper both consumer and business spending for the balance of this year, including the July trends that I just talked about. Based on our first half performance, we now believe we will deliver some operating margin expansion this year. However, the total amount of any improvement will depend on several factors, including global economic conditions and investment opportunities that may surface during the second half of the year. As a result, our current expectations for full year 2012 include that G&A growth will be similar to the growth rate we saw in 2011 on a constant currency basis and excluding the impact of acquisitions back in 2011. So if you pull all of this out, the run rate is about 11%, and that's what we expect for 2012, and total A&M spend will be relatively flat versus 2011, on a constant currency basis or lower on an as-reported basis. The quarterly spend as a percentage of total year will be very similar to 2011, also on an as-reported basis. So in addition, we may elect to reallocate some funding away from A&M initiatives into G&A to support strategic initiatives in the second half. And we may also use some of this quarter's favorable tax benefit to opportunistically invest in the next 2 quarters. The comments I just made about the 2012 outlook are based on constant currency perspective. So remember, you need to adjust for the impact of currency movements when modeling our as-reported numbers. So let's just assume that the euro continues to trade around, we picked 1.22%, and the Brazilian real continues to trade around the 2% level for the rest of the year, we would expect about a 4 to 5 percentage point headwind to as-reported net revenue, net income and EPS growth for both the second half and the full year of 2012. And when you look specifically at each of the remaining quarters, this headwind is 5 to 6 percentage points for Q3, and 3 to 4 percentage points for Q4. We continue to expect a 2012 full year tax rate of around 31%, primarily due to the onetime benefits you saw in our second quarter effective tax rate, as well as the ongoing contribution from some of our tax initiatives. Finally, we remain focused on our performance objectives for the 2012 to 2013 period of a net revenue CAGR of 12% to 14%, a minimum annual operating margin of 50%, and an earnings per share CAGR of at least 20%. Let me just remind you, these objectives are all on a constant currency basis and excludes any new acquisitions. Now let me turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session. Barbara?
Barbara L. Gasper: Thanks, Martina. We're now ready to begin the question-and-answer period. And in order to get to as many people as possible, we ask that you limit yourselves to a single question and then queue back in for additional questions. Laura?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: So I had a question for Ajay. You mentioned that you'd kind of focus on items that you can control, as long as the economic uncertainty continues, and I was just wondering if you could just elaborate on those levers a little bit more, maybe specifically around the operating margin? I think Martina gave some color as to what you guys are anticipating but what happens if the top line doesn't pan out as you expect it to?
Ajaypal S. Banga: Sanjay, let's first discuss the top line for a second. I have tried to lay out that I believe what drives our top line are those 3 concentric circles, the outermost one being the growth of personal consumption expenditure. And a lot of my commentary in the beginning was around how I'm not sure where that will go, maybe not at the 5% or 6% that we have been consistently getting over the last few years. Although I don't know for a fact, I'm just assuming that things look a little dodgier on that front than they did a little while ago. The other 2 concentric cycle circles, one is what percentage of that PCE goes into electronic transactions versus cash. And currently, around 80-something-percent goes into cash, and I'm still very focused on growing the electronic share in that, hence, all the effort on government programs, prepaid programs, Social Security, social benefits, all that that you see, as well as small ticket payments, mobile payments. All that comes from trying to change the ratio in that space. And the last concentric circle is our share in the 13%. I think, if you do the math on the way our transactions are growing, not just because of U.S. debit, you will find that we're making some progress there as well, although we've always got more work to do in that space. So I kind of think of those 3 levers. I think of the outermost concentric circle in revenue being less than easy to predict today and I'm focused on the next 2. That's the top line. Now let's talk the other way, expenses. I think what you'll find us doing is to ensure that we meet our guidance of at least 50% of that operating margin we've talked about. But fortunately, over the last 6 months, we've been doing better than that. If we find that there are opportunities for us to put money back into strategic initiatives that feed our revenue growth in 1 of those 2 opportunities, either to grow electronification or to grow our share within the electronification, we will keep doing that, because that's what we're trying to do to keep our franchise growing through all these economic volatility that you see today. Now within that, if I had a choice, the easiest lever of control is A&M. I've talked about that in the past. G&A tends to be something I want to invest in consistently, I can't start and stop the strategic initiative without losing a lot of the momentum, but A&M, I can kind of work with. And so that's what Martina was trying to indicate to you in her commentary. But we are very focused on that 2-year goal of 12 of 14 percentage points of revenue growth CAGR on a constant currency basis. We're very focused on the minimum 50% operating margin and that 20% EPS growth, also on a constant currency basis. That's what our focus is. And I'm going to play with every element in the P&L in the meantime to ensure we deliver on that focus and navigate our way through this system and keep growing our share.
Operator: And next question comes from the line of Moshe Katri from Cowen and Company.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So if I'm looking at gross store volumes, especially in the rest of the world, in credit, it was up 8.3%. Last quarter, it was up 17.6%. Is it possible just to reconcile the differences and maybe just give us a feel on what sort of FX headwinds you had there?
Martina Hund-Mejean: The FX headwinds for volumes were really not different than what we had been calling out, right? I mean, we said when you look at domestic -- when you look at GDV, the GDV on a constant currency basis was about 15%. On a U.S. dollar basis, it's about 9%. So you have a 6 percentage point headwind on GDV. And when you look at credit versus debit, there is really not much difference on that.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So just -- so the 17.6% should be -- if you kind of look at this at apples-to-apples basis, it should be roughly -- this quarter should be, what? Like in the -- somewhere in the 12%, 13% range, if I adjusted for FX headwinds?
Martina Hund-Mejean: I think, directionally, you are correct.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just looking at the constant currency 13% growth rate, how much of that growth was from new business wins? And as we go forward into the second half to a year, how do we think about the incremental growth rate we'll get from new business wins?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Look, we really don't split new business wins out. You have to have an appreciation. Of course, you can't just get to the 13% without having new business wins but you're going to have to go back to how we build our model over the longer term. So basically, we are -- and I'm going back right to the concentric circles that Ajay has been just laying out. We're starting with personal consumption expenditure growth and that's typically, over longer period, 5% to 6% per year. This year, it's probably a little bit low, so that's lower. So that is impacting us. Then you have the secular trends. The secular trends on a per year basis can be anywhere between 4 to 6 percentage points. We haven't finished the year so I can't really give you yet where we are ending up in that 4 to 6 percentage points. Now when you add those 2 factors together, you get into the 9% to 11% growth rate. So in order to get to 13%, of course, you're going to have to have a couple of percentage points attributed by the new things that we are doing, and that could be new business wins, it could be expanding into other markets, it could be getting these kinds of government programs that Ajay has been laying out. There are a number of things in that number.
Ajaypal S. Banga: And Brian, it's Ajay. You should remember that that 5 to 6 percentage points of PC in growth which Martina was calculating into the 9% to 11% that you get to by adding that to the secular growth, we don't know, as of today, what that 5% or 6% will be. So we're trying to give you normalized thinking, and frankly, that's how we approach our business in those concentric circles. But we don't know what that 5% to 6% will be. If you ask me today, it feels lower, but 2 months later, we might have a different opinion, depending on how the world economies are performing. Right now, given all we're seeing in consumer spending, it feels lower than the 5% to 6%. I just don't know yet.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, any update on the timing you guys are hearing from the EC on potential recommendations from the Green Paper? And any impact that you could see maybe coming out of that, if they talk about routing freedom or access to cash balances with the ability to clear and settle for third-party providers? Just trying to think about the potential impact coming out of that -- those recommendations.
Ajaypal S. Banga: We don't have any update on any timing from them. We're kind of, I told you, actively engaged in discussions with them. We have given them a point of view. We are in constant dialogue with them. We don't have any update with them yet.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Barclays.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to touch base on, again, on rebates and incentives. I know that you shy away from really guiding towards it, but Martina, thanks for the color on the second half, at least, overall. Overall, though, in the quarter, they were at higher level than I think than we expected and it sounds like you're expecting somewhat of a similar run rate going forward, based on the discussion around new signings and overall revenue growth. While I understand there's new deals and renewals, is there any shift in strategy around incentives, maybe similar to what we've seen at one of your competitors or even from merchants or banks and where it's going? Perhaps and maybe how it was allocated in the past?
Martina Hund-Mejean: No, Darrin, absolutely not, there's no change in this. And you might recall that a year, or a couple of years ago, I laid out, actually, a split of our rebates and incentives between what is really driven from a volume perspective versus what is really driven from a new deal or a new deal signing. And we typically say, when you look at our total rebates and incentives over a whole year -- so you have to take a total year, don't just take a quarter -- about 70% of our rebates and incentives is driven really by volume and by the increased business that we are getting. 30% is typically driven by new deals or renew deals. And even in this quarter, and I don't expect for any part of this year, it will be -- there will be any difference whatsoever.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. So similar -- just expect similar kind of trends in the second half that we saw this quarter, more or less?
Martina Hund-Mejean: As you very eloquently said, it's all embedded in the thoughts that I gave for 2012.
Ajaypal S. Banga: And just to make sure you get the picture around -- inside your question was aspects of other people doing things with the way they're using rebates and incentives across merchants versus issuers. We haven't changed our strategy, which is get ourselves onto the back of those debit cards, get ourselves enabled for them to be used, watch how that goes, do not try and apply rebates and incentives in a broad way. I'm not in the position of protecting a large pre-regulatory change market share. I'm in the business of growing market share in this opportunity, and use them surgically and sensibly. And nothing's changed in that picture. We are exactly where we were in that strategic thinking. Nothing's changed.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just wanted to ask, Ajay, just give us maybe some high level thoughts on some of the concessions that were given on the merchant litigation, specifically surcharging in some of the smaller items?
Ajaypal S. Banga: So I kind of, when I approach this -- I think we had this conversation with the investor and analyst community sometime back as well, and I was talking about how I would be reluctant to agree to long-term changes in the methodology by which interchange is computed and used. We did agree, as you know, one portion of this is a short-term change. But the surcharge angle, frankly, for a long time in MasterCard, surcharging has been going on in some parts of the world, partly promoted by legal changes in those countries. Discounting for cash has been going on for a long time and we have never enforced anything differently from that. I still share the belief that all these kinds of things create friction for a consumer, for a merchant, for everybody in the electronification of payments. And so, when I talked about that second concentric circle of secular change, these things create friction. Frictions aren't good for increasing the speed of that secular change. Yet, the merchants were very clear, the ones who represented [ph] us and negotiated with us, that without that, there was no conversation. So we came to the point where it's either to agree to part of that -- from my perspective. This is only mine, by the way, this is not the other parties in the negotiation. I'm not trying to speak on behalf of the banks. I'm not trying to speak on behalf of Visa. This is me, MasterCard. We believe the best thing to do was looking at our experience of surcharging in other markets where, frankly, it didn't really lead to a great deal of actual surcharges being placed other than in a couple of kinds of areas where cash isn't quite able to compete. So for example, online airline bookings and the like. And even there, in Australia, the Reserve Bank of Australia stepped in recently and created caps for the level of that surcharging realizing that this was not quite what they wanted to have happened, I'm assuming, which is why they stepped in. So when I think about that here, in this agreement, we have also managed to get in some of those protections, the cap and what they could charge, the declaration to the consumer with clarity, both on the receipt and in the store, the level playing field concept that we think we've got in there. All these were attempted as a way to sort of try and box the issue while moving forward. So the bigger picture of tackling the 80-something percentage of transactions that are still in cash can keep on being pursued, instead of all our thoughts being tied up in the passion behind this issue. That's kind of how I approached it, Tien-Tsin. And so it is friction. I don't like the friction but I'm trying to minimize it with as much lubricant as I can put in the system.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Hey, Martina, just to go back to the expenses. There's a lot of puts and takes on the constant currency reported, especially on the advertising and marketing side. Can you just go back through those real quickly on the expectations for the second half as it relates to the advertising and marketing, that is both including and excluding the currency?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, I mean, what I really said that you should be expecting that A&M spend will be relatively flat versus 2011 on a constant currency basis. And that would tell you, because of the FX impacts, that it would be lower on an as-reported basis. And then also, I tried to give you a little bit more help on your model from a quarterly perspective. And really, from a quarterly modeling point of view, you should be really thinking about the same kind of rate of usage as in 2011. Now I also said, and Ajay had reemphasized, we are looking at our strategic investments, and that might entail moving things around from A&M to G&A. That is not included in these comments. We will make those decisions as we go along in the next couple of quarters. But this is what I see, this is the best that I'm seeing at this point.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, got it. And then maybe, Ajay, on the credit side, just in terms of the U.S. credit and having some work to do, what does that comment entail? Like, I mean, as you think about having some work to do in U.S. credit, what exactly do you guys think needs to be done there?
Ajaypal S. Banga: Two, 3 years back, Julio -- if you looked at our position in the United States market 2, 3 years ago, in all the different product categories, we were not in the best position in terms of either debit, signature of payments. We were not doing as well as we wanted to in commercial cards. We were doing reasonably well in prepaid, although I think we could have accelerated that momentum. And we were not doing as well as we wanted to in consumer credit because we're reliant on a portfolio of banks that in that mix has been going through some degree of difficulties over the financial crisis. What I've tried to do over these years is to take each of those 4 product categories and change our position in the market. In prepaid, with all that we've done with these governments, as well as our relationships with a number of the prepaid program managers and other issuers, I think we have made real progress. From the Social Security Administration of the U.S., to these state-level programs, all those, we kind of feel good about. In debit, we've actually done reasonably well over the last one year including the wins before the regulatory change with SunTrust and Sovereign and all those pieces. In commercial, we actually feel pretty good. We are making real progress on large corporates and small businesses. It's in consumer credit that I still don't think I can tell you that I've made the breakthroughs. I have wins. I have wins with regional banks. I have wins with independent banks and credit unions. I have reconfirmations of my position in market share in some of the biggest banks. I'm winning little days along the side. I'm not losing anything contrary to what anybody else might say. I'm not losing anything. I'm gaining a little bit here or there, but it doesn't excite me. It doesn't satisfy me. There's work to be done in consumer credit. That's the finality I was trying to get across.
Operator: And next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois with Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Yes. So over the last year, your growth in Europe has been helped by domestic processing wins. And our assumption has been that you may not have additional SEPA-related wins on the near-term horizon, even though SEPA seemingly could still create long-term opportunities if the regulatory environment doesn't change too much in Europe. So with that as the context, can you give us your thoughts on the short term and the longer-term opportunities for wins in Europe related to SEPA, given that you've had a pretty good track record there over the last year or 2?
Ajaypal S. Banga: It's a good question. Our SEPA volumes in this last quarter -- the previous quarter, they were up 200-something-percent. This last quarter, it's closer to less than half of that. So that's because of the lapping of some of those wins. Do I -- it's very tough for me to tell you how I think about this shorter-term because the nature of this wins in SEPA tend to have a peculiar lumpiness in them. We're talking so many of these parties at the same time. Two kinds of results come out of it. One is a constant dribble of incremental transactions from many countries, Germany, France, Belgium. Those are happening even today. They kind of continuously getting some benefits from them. Then I've got the lapping effect of the big wins in the Netherlands that we had last year. In the middle of all that, if 1 or 2 of those big discussions turn into a deal, it will happen in 60, 90 days, not in 350 days, I won't get 350-days notice on it. It may not happen, by the way, in the next quarter, don't get me wrong. It's just that I don't know when to predict how the damn thing will convert from a conversation to a real deal. So I don't know how to give you a better feeling of that number for the shorter term. It's the nature of our business with longer selling cycles. And when the deal happens, it happens. But I could say that if you look at it consistently over a period of time, absolutely, we think our product and our capability with Maestro, with Debit MasterCard, our technology and the fact that we have one global platform, that you can take your Maestro card and use it anywhere in the world, let alone not being able to use it outside of Germany in Europe. Forget about going to Latin America and using it. When you can do all that, then I believe that that is a strong starting point to keep winning business on this line in SEPA. And that's the dialogue we're going ahead with. And Martina, you want to add something?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Rod, just from a nearer-term perspective, to expand a little bit from SEPA, right? When you look, for instance, at the Nordics, we've been working on the Nordics in Europe for a considerable amount of time and had just announced a number of deals, right? Last year, the Swedbank deal, this year, we think that we have a follow-on on that with another bank. And so we are starting to really work out country by country to be getting these kind of wins and putting our cards into the market. So you can't just look at each individual SEPA country. You're going to have to think about the overall strategy.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Right. Well, just a quick follow-up on that. I mean, when you look at the seemingly -- some uncertainty created by the Green Paper and then the underlying motivation of the EC, is that -- are those developments making it more difficult to proceed with SEPA-related wins or is there really no change?
Ajaypal S. Banga: No, no, actually. Remember, in many ways, what we are doing with all these, that actually fit directly into what the EC wanted to have done when SEPA was created, which was to break down the monopolies of the domestic debit schemes and allow for cross-border intra-EU, as well as global players to come into play in that space so that you could increase competition, increase innovation and increase efficiency. For a long while, those conversations wandered off into a local domestic European scheme like money. That's still is getting talk about somewhere in the fringes. But for a long while, that's the only question you guys ask me. And I kept telling you, I don't know for sure whether that will also happen. All I know is it's a moving landscape. We have a terrific product with great efficiency, priced right. That's how we won the Netherlands. That's how we are winning business in different parts of Europe, including the Nordics data that Martina was talking about. I'm pretty confident that that still holds true. So that's about it, Rod.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Glenn Fodor with Morgan Stanley.
Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Ajay, with regards to the settlement, as you stated, there's clearly a lot of emotion out there among some of the parties, so could you tell us, is there a mechanism for the defendants, either the networks or the issuers approaching the large merchants who are putting out these headlines these days and helping ameliorate their concerns? And if so, have those efforts started?
Ajaypal S. Banga: Well, I'm not going to sort of go into too much detail there. But I will tell you this, dialogue with all these parties is a consistent part of what we're doing. The fact is not everything about this settlement will suit every individual involved. And so there are those compromises and some parties on both sides are more willing to make some of those compromises, others that aren't. The -- that's kind of a first basic principle. As far as the actual mechanisms are concerned, I've got Noah here. So Noah, do you want to add something to what Glenn was asking?
Noah J. Hanft: Sure. Glenn, there's a process in court for merchants to actually express their desire to opt out of the settlement, which actually hasn't occurred yet. That will follow the preliminary approval by the court, which should take place in the fall. At the end of the day, we're confident that the settlement will be -- will receive approval from the court, both from a preliminary approval perspective and from a final approval perspective. It's just like in the Walmart case, there tends to be, in all class action cases, merchants that choose to opt out. But we're confident that at the end of the day, the settlement will be accepted by the court. And notwithstanding the fact that different merchants have different views, we will reach a resolution that should really turn the corner on the years of litigation and allow us to get back to doing business with the important merchant community.
Operator: And next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Nomura.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I've got a question on buybacks. Some companies look at buybacks as simply a vehicle for returning capital. Others tend to look at it more as opportunistically if there are share price declines. Can you kind of remind us a little bit on your philosophy and whether you would view potential pressure that your shares might come under to the extent that, from a macro perspective, there are some weakness and whether you would look at that as an opportunity to get more aggressive on buybacks?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Okay. So let me just talk a little bit about our philosophy and let me start a little bit in terms of how we think about capital allocation anyhow, right? Because first of all, we're looking at allocating capital to the business, right? That is our first-most focus. Secondly, we are looking to deploy capital from an, what we call, inorganic way, i.e., making acquisitions, investing in other businesses in order to further the goal that Ajay has laid out, to really drive our revenue growth, right? And then last but not least, if you have excess cash available, we're certainly very open to be returning that to shareholders. And at this point in time, our preferred method of returning it to shareholders is really through share repurchase programs. And as you've seen, we have been doing that very consistently in the market. In fact, I think we've been spending close to $1 billion just in 2012, in terms of repurchasing our shares. And the one thing that I just want to always be sure is that we do, that we pick shares up in an opportunistic manner over a certain time period. So you can read out from that that obviously, an opportunistic pick up of shares means that we're watching very closely where the share price is going. And then we move in and do things as we can. Now we can't do that always, okay? And I just want to caution that a little bit. Given that we are a publicly traded company, there are certain trading windows that are open for us where we can do that in a very active manner. However, when we get into what we call a blackout period, which is moving closer to a quarter end and an earnings release, we have to file things like the 10b5-1 plan. That means we have to predetermine what kind of trading activity we want to have on our stock in the market. And of course, we do formula-based kind of activity, so we try to mimic in these plans what we otherwise would be doing when we can go actively into the market everyday. I hope that gives you a little bit of background on how we think about it.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Yes, that's helpful, Martina. And if I may ask Ajay a follow-up. Ajay, does your pursuit of -- you gave a little bit of an update on Telefonica. Can you talk a little bit about whether your pursuit of money transfer solutions with other partners around the world creates any kind of tension with Western Union, given the work that you're doing with them? Basically, as you look forward also, do you expect these tensions to intensify?
Ajaypal S. Banga: Yes. I look -- I actually am doing all this with great partnership with Hikmet at Western Union. In fact, I think there are ways that Western Union and MasterCard, together, could offer an even stronger opportunity to a number of these money transfer opportunities through the phone systems. I've always believed that the phone companies, the operators as well as the hardware folks, can be an integral part of how this new method evolves, rather than an either/or. So I don't see the same kind of tensions. I actually see all of us bringing different capabilities and skills and strengths to the table. And if you can stitch those together, well, it actually works pretty well. And that's the kind of thing we've been doing for the past couple of years, whether it be with Google, whether it be with Telefonica, whether it be with a E.Tel and Zane [ph], or with Deutsche Telekom. We've kind of got issuers, telecom companies and us to work together in some ways to discover this whole mobile payment space. I think there's another set of partners, which is the future set of partners around vouchers, rewards, loyalty, e-receipts. All those will also add value to this whole mobile payment space and money transfer space. So I think what we do well is we build ecosystems. We make partners work together, that's our job. If I start doing an either/or, I would've forgotten our heritage of the company.
Operator: And next question comes from the line of Craig Maurer with CLSA.
Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I have 2 questions. The first is in terms of U.S. credit, it would seem that the banks that are focused on issuing cards on your largest competitor are consistently taking share from banks that are issuing on MasterCard. At this point, is this a somewhat unavoidable circumstance in the U.S., as I'm not sure there are any major credit portfolios that are up for renewal at any point soon? And secondly, a question on Europe. Yesterday's antitrust announcement against Visa Europe had a unique twist in it, in that it was also discussing domestic interchange in certain countries. As I understand it, Visa and MasterCard both have domestic interchange rates in certain countries in Europe. And if they do happen to win this case against Visa Europe, do you see this as setting precedent to eventually approach MasterCard on domestic interchange?
Ajaypal S. Banga: So Craig, the first part, the part about credit in the U.S., you're absolutely correct that the mix of the portfolios of various competitors, as well as the Amex GNS business, all those mixes put together are part of what you're seeing in that credit marketplace. And it may change as different banks have different appetites for growing their business in cards. But it is where it is today. And one of the things that we are working with is that circumstance. I don't quite understand the commentary about no possible portfolios being available. So I think that -- I'm just kind of going to leave that out there with you. We keep getting maybe not huge portfolios, which I would like to, but we keep getting new business from a number of banks that traditionally would have been only issuing somebody else's cards. And I think that's true, by the way. Also those banks who've traditionally been issuing our cards, it's in the interest of an issuing bank to find a way to manage to work with more than one network. It suits them, it gives them a better position, it gives them a better capability of constructing their business models. And when I was a banker, that's how I thought about it. So I am somewhat less clear on that part of your question. That's what we're working our way through. And so will it change in a day or 2? No. It's a -- that's the nature of our business. It's a business that has a longer selling cycle. And within the marketplace in the U.S., there are some portfolios that are available, some that are not, newer ones that normally available at most banks. And so it's a mix of all those things that we are working our way through. We've worked our way through the same situation with commercial, in a way with prepaid, and of course, in the case of debit, in some cases, we were able to get a big deal. In others, this regulatory environment change provided an opportunity to do something. But we're kind of working our way through that. That's how I view that consumer credit question. And Noah, would you like to take on the EU and Visa question a little bit?
Noah J. Hanft: Sure, I'd be glad to. So there is a difference, as I understand Visa and their interchange fee structure setting in Europe compared to ours. So Visa's cross-border interchange fees have application to domestic jurisdictions. So as I understand the scope of the European Commission's concerns with Visa, that's why it relates to both the cross-border rates, as well as their domestic rates in some countries. We don't have that approach, so we set individual domestic rates, as well as the cross-border rate. The case that the Commission brought against MasterCard only relates to the cross-border rates. We, as you know, are appealing from the -- the decision from the general court. In the meantime, to specifically answer your question, yes, there is the potential for some pressure from domestic competition authorities. We will continue to dialogue with them. But we think we have, as I said, a strong position on our appeal.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch with Crédit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was hoping, Ajay, to kind of return to that U.S. credit, because given that you'd said mid-teens from the commercial side, it just seems like the consumer side might even be flat to down at this point. I appreciate the comments that you made about banks kind of switching back and forth, but maybe talk a little bit about if you've got specific plans to kind of bring some of that volume back in the second half of the year.
Ajaypal S. Banga: You've got to be kidding if I'm going to give you specific [ph] plans now. That's a good try, Moshe. I'm sorry, I can't answer that question, you know that. Just nothing that I can tell you that I will certainly produce and having all of that tomorrow morning. But we have worked very hard in the other areas and we are working very hard on this one. And we've got a constant drum rate of pipeline out there and we're at it. And don't take all this out of context. I was trying to provide that color to enable you to understand how I viewed our position in the U.S. market over the last few years. I viewed our position 2, 3 years ago, a bit like Chris McWilton laid out at one of our Investor Days, where we had -- frankly, we have lost share in debit, signature and payment. Our credit position was what it was because we were strong with certain banks that are mostly credit card issuers. We were not strong with some banks that are more debit and credit, as in a more holistic money-centered approach. We -- those banks, got sold out by -- bought by other banks that were traditional Visa banks. That didn't help our position. Our commercial position was not where I'd want it to be despite our very good strengths on the commercial product, from smart data as a tool to the fact that our acceptance is way beyond that of the largest players in commercial. And all we have to do is travel outside of the United States and feel that pain. And so in many ways, I felt we weren't taking full advantage of our capabilities in those spaces. And we were making progress in all of them. In that context, in my own personal scorecard, I don't think consumer credit has made as much progress as commercial prepaid and debit. That's the context in which I was speaking.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Jefferies & Company.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a clarification and a question. The clarification was just what was the pricing impact on revenues in the quarter? And then my question is within Europe, I know you said low teens process volume growth in July, still robust, slipping a little bit versus Q2. Can you give us any qualitative sense underneath that number between debit and credit in Europe? Just if there has been a divergence in the relative growth rates between those 2. I know you won't give us the exact numbers, but just any qualitative trends you can speak to on credit versus debit in Europe, as the macro unfolds there.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Okay, Jason, I can do that. First of all, from a pricing contribution, that was about 2 percentage points, okay? Both on the 9%, as well as on the 13% growth rates for revenues. And there's really no additional pricing in there. It all came out from what we had put in place last year, as well as in January of 2012. From a European, a little bit more clarification point of view, we're really seeing no slowdown from a debit point of view. All of the numbers that we're seeing are more on the credit side. And when I look at the underlying countries, there are really 2 countries that are still growing. They're still growing very nicely but the growth is a little bit less than what we had in the prior couple of quarters. And one is the U.K., and the other one is France.
Operator: That concludes the Q&A section of the call. I would like to turn the call over to management for closing remarks.
Ajaypal S. Banga: So let me just leave you with a few of those thoughts. We have -- as I've just been saying in the few questions and answers, I think we've made really solid progress across the globe in the first half of 2012. We feel very good about U.S. PIN debit in particular, even though we don't yet know how those volumes will all finally shake out, for all the reasons we have discussed in the past. Of course, those incremental PIN debit transactions came at a lower than average yields as Martina talked about, but with good profitability. As Martina also mentioned, we think that the second half of the year has got more difficult comparisons as the year progresses, as we lap our strong second half of last year. There is the potential for us to increase our level of investment, depending on how much room we have in our P&L versus the kind of commitments we have out there for our operating targets. That room could come from things such as stronger-than-expected top line growth or the potential lower tax rate that Martina has been talking about. There is no shortage of growth opportunities in this business. The key is to evaluate as many as we can and then act on the ones that provide the best potential for maximizing our long-term growth, and let everything leftover drop straight to the bottom line. That's what we are focused on. Overall, we're working as hard as we can to deliver another good year and meet those performance objectives despite all these continuing uncertain economic conditions. So with that, thank you for your time today, and thank you for your faith in our company.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Gasper -  Ajaypal S. Banga - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of MasterCard International and President of Mastercard International Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Thomas C. McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Patrick O'Brien Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Marc Lombardo - Meredith Whitney Advisory Group LLC Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John T. Williams - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2012 MasterCard Earnings Conference Call. My name is Pam, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Pam. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today either by phone or webcast for a discussion about our first quarter 2012 financial results. With me on the call today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, the operator will announce your opportunity to get into the queue for the Q&A session. Up until then, no one is actually registered to ask a question. This morning's earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, at mastercard.com. The earnings release and slide deck have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A dial-in replay of this call will be available for one week through May 9. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today's call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our recent SEC filings. With that, I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Ajay Banga. Ajay?
Ajaypal S. Banga: Thank you, Barbara. Good morning, everybody. So in the first quarter, we reported a net revenue growth as reported of 17%. Now that's driven by healthy process transaction and volume growth, and this helped to fuel net income growth of 21% and EPS growth of 25%. We continue to see some improvement in U.S. economic news, with unemployment dropping to 8.2%, a 3-year low, below the 9% we saw a year ago. Consumer confidence, while roughly flat the month, is higher than a year ago, and of course, this was offset by news the housing market has recently hit its lowest level in a decade. You've seen the ADP payroll report this morning. Having said all that, the overall trend continued to have a positive impact on total consumer retail spending, as reflected in our SpendingPulse insight, which showed that in March, U.S. consumer increased spending in all 11 retail sectors that we track. The strongest growth came from restaurants, apparel, hardware and electronics. Now this trend should continue for a sustained period of time. We're going to look for additional improvement in unemployment and a positive turn in housing prices.  Having said all that, the strength in consumer spending as a whole also showed up in MasterCard's own U.S. GDV, which is up 14% for the first quarter. In Europe, quarterly volumes remained strong, growing 19%, slightly above the level we've actually seen over the recent quarters. Now this is driven by both strong cross-border and domestic volume growth. And similar to the last quarter, process transactions in the region were up over 40% in the first quarter as they continue to benefit from the roll-on of domestic processing in The Netherlands. And while there has been renewed concerns in the press about European consumer confidence, it's little interesting fact, it actually held steady in the Eurozone this past quarter after significant declines in the second half of 2011. It does take a few quarters before changing consumer sentiment impacts our volumes in this region. And as such, we are watching our European business very closely.  Looking at our first quarter, we saw process volumes of Portugal, Italy, Ireland, Greece and Spain in aggregate continue to post growth rates in the mid-teens. New business wins, particularly in Italy and Ireland, were compensating for the slowing in Spain and Greece in these peripheral economies as they're called. Elsewhere in the world, Latin America, the Asia Pacific/Middle East/Africa region, volume growth remains healthy, with domestic and cross-border volume growth rates all greater than 20%. Volume growth in these regions will have difficult comparisons, particularly in the second and third quarters of 2012. Also, be mindful that any softening in the major economies of Europe or the U.S. would likely negatively impact these regions as well. But in the meanwhile, we continue to execute our business strategy.  And the first item I want to focus on is the U.S. debit market, where we are executing well in a challenging and shifting environment. We mentioned last year that the primary element of our U.S. debit strategy post the Durbin Amendment was to maximize our presence on these cards. Before the regulations went into effect, MasterCard functionality was an approximately 25% of U.S. debit cards. Now MasterCard is enabled on about half, including 3 of the largest portfolios in the market. In addition, we estimate that our share of PIN debit transactions exceeded 20% in April, up from high-single digits last year. It's too soon to know how routing will play out longer-term. In the short term, we have roughly doubled our presence in U.S. debit cards and nearly tripled our share of U.S. PIN debit transactions.  At this point, I usually walk through a series of business highlights from around the world. But instead, given that we are past the 1 year anniversary of both the acquisitions of DataCash and Access Prepaid, I thought it would be helpful to use this time to update you on the progress we've made with these businesses. Recall that these extend MasterCard's capabilities in the payments value chain in fast-growing categories, e-commerce and prepaid. In both cases, the integration into the MasterCard business is largely complete and behind us. We have been moving people across the businesses, as you would expect, such as Ajay Bhalla, who moved over from our Asia Pacific/Middle East/Africa region to run the DataCash business; and Neville Hall, MasterCard's new Global Head of Compliance, who's coming to us from the Access Prepaid business, and there are others at all levels below them. And this type of movement will continue to ensure that we build over time and integrate a culture of innovation and accountability.  Now let me talk about each business in a bit more depth. Let's start with Access Prepaid, which we bought from Travelex in April 2011. For us to be successful in prepaid around the world, we need to have 3 core capabilities: brand, processing and program management. This Access Prepaid acquisition provides us the program management capabilities across multiple markets with a strong position in the all-important travel vertical and a position we will continue to leverage for future growth. In this past year 2011, Access Prepaid saw substantial growth. Volume on Access Prepaid cards increased roughly 25% versus 2010. And just as important, we are continuing to build a foundation for future growth. Since the end of 2010, we have entered 7 additional markets, including Germany, China, India and South Korea. In India, for example, we signed a deal with Thomas Cook, the largest money changer in that country. They will begin issuing Access Prepaid MasterCards in the second half of this year, displacing the competitive cards that they currently distribute. In Australia, we launched a multi-currency purse that can hold as many as 10 currencies. This capability allowed us to gain a foothold with National Australia Bank, which traditionally has been an issuer of a competitive cards.  So now let's move onto our DataCash Internet Gateway business, which we purchased about 18 months back. DataCash enables acquirers to efficiently gain new business. It also helps merchants and consumers connect via e-commerce or any type of device, the personal computer, the phone or a tablet with speed, dependability and security. And as we connect more high-volume merchants and more of the world's leading acquirers together, we increase our opportunity to drive acceptance and preference for MasterCard products. Like other e-commerce gateways, DataCash handles non-MasterCard transactions as well. So even if you don't switch the transaction, which does happen as you know in many markets, we'll still see it. We have an opportunity to gain insights from the breadth of transactions we see. Similar to Access Prepaid, we are expanding the geographic reach of DataCash services, helping to drive nearly 25% transaction growth over the past year.  Let me tell you a little bit about how we are growing this gateway services business. The first way we go to market is to sell to merchants directly, and then deliver that business to acquirers. For the past year or so, we have directly signed up several thousand merchants, including many in the travel sector. I'll give you few examples: Jetstar and Scoot, both airlines in Asia/Pacific/Middle East/Africa; Arik Air in the U.K; Eurostar, the European rail operator; Volotea, a Spanish airline; South Africa. We've added these merchants to a portfolio of customers that already included marquee names like Qantas and Singapore Airlines. There have also been numerous merchants beyond the travel sector such as Groupon in Taiwan and several retailers in the U.K., including Ocado, a grocery delivery service and Sports Direct Group. That's the first way we go to market.  The second go-to-market strategy is to white label our services for acquirers to include in their offering to merchants. So Unicredit, for example, an Italian acquirer, also a big client of ours as a bank is live with the gateway functionality and first started servicing merchants in Eastern Europe. Elavon, part of U.S. Bancorp, is also actively using our white label offering for its own newly launched gateway solution in Europe, and there are more of these in the hopper to come. The third way we go to market is to bundle our capabilities as part of another company's prepackaged e-commerce solution. So take the example of Capgemini, which as part of its consultancy business, works with large merchants to implement payment solutions. We are prepackaged in there. Finally, we are leveraging our Internet gateway capabilities to gain further entry into large and fast-growing markets to maximize our participation in those markets and their growth. So for example, the Japanese e-commerce market is the third largest in the world. DataCash have just completed integration with JCB to enable multinational merchants to accept payments on their website from JCB cardholders in Japan.  Similar example, moving to China, which is projected to be the second-largest e-commerce market in the world by 2016. DataCash have successfully completed the integration, technical integration, with China UnionPay, which as you know, was part of our MOU with them, thereby opening cross-border e-commerce for consumers in China. We're already working with a number of large airlines and retailers, travel agencies to enable use of these services. We're also in the process of customizing our fraud system for the Chinese market. That's an area of great interest in that location. These fraud management tools actually are excellent and, as you will recall, were one of the primary reasons we purchased DataCash. They provide cross-sell opportunities to existing customers, as well as open the door with potential new customers as they address a major paying point with e-commerce merchants. And as we connect to more merchants, we increase our ability to deliver these fraud management tools, as well as other value-added services.  So with that, let me turn the call over to Martina for a detailed update on our financial for the first quarter. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Page 3 of our slide deck, you can see that we're delivering a solid top line and bottom line results. Net revenue grew 17%, driven by strong volume and transaction growth, as well as new deals. Pricing contributed about 3 percentage points of this growth. Total operating expenses increased 14%. That resulted in an operating income growth of 20%. Bottom line, we delivered net income of $682 million, up 21% and diluted earnings per share of $5.36, up 25%. Cash flow from operations was $427 million. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and investments of about $5.1 billion.  While not shown on this chart, let me put our results in the same terms as our long-term financial objectives, which are on a constant currency basis. On that basis, net revenue growth was 19% and EPS growth was 27%. So there was a 2-percentage-point impact on each quarter from FX. Operating margin was essentially unaffected.  On the next couple of slides, we are presenting the operational metrics for the first quarter of 2012. So let's turn to Page 4, and here you can see that worldwide growth dollar volume or GDV was up 18% on a local-currency basis, including double-digit growth in all regions. U.S. volume growth was 14%, driven by almost 21% debit growth, as a result of stronger underlying volumes, including prepaid, as well as recent signature debit wins. Credit volumes in the U.S. grew about 7%, with consumer credit growth staying steady with previous quarters in the 3 to 4 percentage range, and commercial credit posting its seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit growth.  Outside of the United States, our volume growth was 21% on a local-currency basis, including about 23% growth in Latin America and Asia Pacific/Middle East/Africa and 19% growth in Europe. The growth rate of volumes outside of the U.S. were driven by strength in both MasterCard credit and debit volumes, which were up 20% and 22%, respectively. Cross-border volume grew 18% on a local-currency basis, and we saw double-digit growth in every region, including growth rates above 20% in Latin America and APMEA. In total, European cross-border volume growth was in the high-teens, consistent with previous quarters.  Turning to Slide 5. You can see that process transactions were up 29%, and this is the highest quarterly growth rate for process transactions since we went public in 2006. The growth was primarily driven by the U.S. and Europe as we continue to see the impact of debit regulation in the U.S., as well as new deal signings in both regions. Global card growth was 9% to 1.8 billion MasterCard and Maestro-branded cards.  So now let's turn to Page 6, where we can discuss our revenue growth in a bit more detail. The higher volume trends that I described when discussing GDV drove domestic assessments and cross-border volume fees growth of 16% and 15%, respectively. Transaction processing fees grew 21%, driven mainly by the 29% process transaction growth. So there continues to be gap in these 2 growth rates. Also this gap is slightly smaller this quarter than it was last quarter due to pricing. If you exclude the impact of pricing, the gap actually widens to about 12 percentage points. The majority of this gap was due to the addition of transactions outside of the U.S. Recall that the incremental revenue from most of these new transactions comes at a lower-than-average revenue yield. Total revenue grew 29%, driven by the acquisition of Access Prepaid, which anniversaried at the beginning of April, as well as other non-volume-related fees. And finally, rebates and incentives increased 24%, driven by the impact of new and renewed deals, as well as strong volume growth. Moving to Page 7 for some detail on expenses. So within total operating expenses, you see that general and administrative expenses increased 17%. 5 percentage points of this growth came from the inclusion of Access Prepaid, and the remaining 12 percentage points primarily came from the investment in strategic growth initiatives. Advertising and marketing expense was actually 3% lower than last year's first quarter, mainly due to the impact of foreign currency. And depreciation and amortization increased about 30% due to the amortization of intangible assets in Access Prepaid and increased capitalized software associated with our strategic projects.  Turning now to Slide 8. Let's discuss 2012, starting with an update of what we have seen for the second quarter through April 28. Our cross-border volumes grew about 18% globally, in line with the growth that we saw in the first quarter. This was driven by continued healthy growth in all regions. In April, our U.S. process volume of proxy for GDV grew about 10%. This is somewhat lower than the 15% we saw in the first quarter, largely due to the impact of the extra day in the quarter, leap year, the tax refund programs that we've seen in the first quarter and the lacking of new business wins. Process volume growth outside of the U.S. was just above 16%, slightly below the 19% growth that we saw in the first quarter primarily due to the leap year. And in Europe, which I know is of particular interest to many of you, process volume growth softened slightly by a couple of percentage points. Globally, process transaction growth was about 32%, and reflects the impact of U.S. debit rule changes, as well as the continued roll-on of domestic transactions in The Netherlands.  Based on what we see now, let me give you some thoughts for full year 2012. So we had a good start off to the year, though we do not expect the first quarter net revenue growth rate to be the run rate for the balance of the year. In addition to the items I just mentioned, which benefited Q1 versus April, there are several other factors that you should keep in mind, the anniversary of the Access Prepaid acquisition, the lapping of our April 2011 pricing and the expected timing of new and renewed deals over the balance of the year. We also have generally tougher comps in the next 3 quarters, given the very strong revenue growth we saw in the last 9 months of 2011. So while Q1 saw consumer confidence at decent levels, as Ajay told you, this is an economic indicator that we're watching very carefully, particularly in the U.S. and Europe. So you should keep this in mind as you're looking out over the rest of the year.  Assuming the euro trades around the 130 level and the Brazilian real around the 175 level for the rest of the year, we continue to expect about a 2 to 3 percentage point headwind to as-reported net revenue, net income and EPS growth for full year 2012. Based on our current plans for 2012 strategic investments, we continue to believe that we might have an opportunity to deliver some operating margin expansion this year. However, the amount of any improvement will depend on several factors, including global economic conditions and investment opportunities that might surface during the year. Our plans currently call for G&A growing at a higher rate than advertising and marketing expense. We also expect our depreciation and amortization to grow by roughly $30 million this year as a result of our strategic investment activity. And as I said at a conference earlier this year, other income and expense should be negative for the year, driven by anticipated equity losses associated for the 2 Telefónica JVs in Latin America, which are typical in the early stages of many JVs, especially in these new spaces. Also remember that our cash is held in extremely safe and liquid investments, which currently offer de minimis yields.  Turning to the tax rate, we now believe that we could see a full year tax rate of around 31% versus our previous expectation of slightly below 32%. This is due to certain tax planning initiatives from which we expect to recognize some benefits that were not previously anticipated, along with a likelihood that some local tax examination could result in a onetime benefit to our 2012 full year effective tax rate. So for modeling purposes, you should not assume that all of the benefit in the tax line drops to the bottom line since we would opportunistically look to reinvest some of these savings back into the business.  Finally, we remain focused on our objectives for the 2012 to 2013 period of a net revenue compounded annual growth rate of 12% to 14% and minimum annual operating margin of 50% and an earnings per share CAGR of at least 20%. These objectives are all on a constant currency basis and exclude any new acquisitions. Now let me turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session. Barbara?
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Martina. We're now ready to begin the question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Pam?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of David Hochstim with Buckingham Research.
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: I wonder -- yesterday, the federal reserve board put out some updated data on debit interchange. And I wondered if you could comment about their observation that network fees made by large issuers seem to have declined from 2009 to the end of 2011. You didn't -- obviously, you didn't talk about acquirer fees or any other pricing changes you've made. Your pricing's held up, but I just wonder if you have any comment on what the fed seems to be suggesting.
Martina Hund-Mejean: David, I'm going to take that one. First of all, as you said, the results were only released yesterday, so we're still working through the details in terms of what was really released. But when we're looking at the published network fees, there seem to be some potential disconnects in the comparisons, and we want to understand those before we draw any conclusions. So I'm going to give you a couple of disconnects that we need to understand. So first of all, the fed compared the network fees in the fourth quarter of 2011 with full year 2009. As you know, any fourth quarter is usually a high-spend quarter. So issuers will pay effectively lower fees since core fees are tiered based on volume. We can't really compare a fourth quarter to a full year, and that's one thing we're just going to have to deep dive into it more. The second thing is the fed had actually requested different categories of network fees for each of these periods. So the calculation and the comparison of the pure cost transaction is unclear. In 2011, I can tell you the fed had asked the networks to provide only off-tier [ph] settlement fees. And back in 2009, we provided all fees collected on a transaction. So therefore, the network fees that have been compared in the report might be apples and oranges. The last thing I want to tell you is that we have actually not changed our fee structures to issuers on the debit business. In fact, as you know, in every quarter, we are going after our business very surgically and opportunistically. And we're signing deals, both signature deals and PIN deals in every quarter, and quite frankly, you can see those results in our numbers today. So a lot more to clarify, but I told you as much as we know at this point in time.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Chris Brendler with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just wonder if you could give us a little more detail, little more color on the U.S. process transactions growth. I think you said it was above or globally above 30% in April and some benefit from the April 1 exclusivity provision. Can you give us any color on what your U.S. volume looks like in April on a process transaction basis and where you're seeing those gains?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Look, April is very similar to the first quarter, but it's a higher growth rate, right. So the growth rate in first quarter was 29%. In April, we're seeing 32%, and the growth is both benefited by what's happening in the United States, as well as The Netherlands but very, very typical trend. In the 29%, by the way, that we saw in the first quarter, we believe that a fairly significant portion probably in the neighborhood of 13 percentage points is due to new deals and really adds to what we need to be doing in the market. April is not shaping up any different, it's the same, just continue to get the business.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess my focus was more on the PIN debit business and how much that's moving the needle in April?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Again, as I said before, it's very similar to the first quarter. April is just an extrapolation for what happened in the first quarter. We're seeing more PIN business.
Ajaypal S. Banga: You just got to remember that the -- a lot of the cards that got enabled for PIN didn't get enabled in the first day of January. They kind of got enabled over the course of first quarter. So over the next 2, 3, 4 quarters, you will get moving around on the PIN debit transaction growth because you will get cards coming on, but you'll also see routing changes as merchants and acquirers respond to what issuers, networks do. So it's going to be a little bit of in and outs for the next few months, and that's how we think about it. But our first task, as we said, was to get onto these cards and be enabled on them. That's what we've been trying to do over the last few months. And our next task is to try and surgically manage as much of that routing as makes economic sense for us. That's kind of how we're approaching this business.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Nomura.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Question on your EMV initiative. What kind of merchant pushback are you getting, if any? And what do you see as some of the hurdles to completing the migration by the 2015 liability transfer date that you've established?
Ajaypal S. Banga: All right. So Bill, the fact is the way we went about EMV was that we actually created a consultative process with a ton of merchants, issuers and acquirers, and had them come in together and talk about what's involved in saying that EMV should happen as compared to just mandating it, which we felt would have been one way of doing it, but probably not the best way to get so many people together on the same page. And thus far, by and large, the reaction of the roadmap has kind of been sort of the same consistency of we've got to make sure that we can get this done. We've got to make sure that the investment that goes into it make sense. We've got to -- there's a lot of moving parts around how it will actually get implemented. What we did was we created a set of incentives for merchants and issuers to use the most secure verification methods, and we created a sliding scale on that security angle. So the more secure your verification as an issuer or as a merchant, the liability shifts and the incentives go towards that party. And that's what they're trying to work their way through and understand and work with. And so frankly, right now, what we've got is a good dialogue going on. At this early stage, you expect some issuers, some merchants, to go in slightly different directions, and that's what we are seeing. But in truth, when they come together, we have a healthy dialogue. They kind of come around saying, "Makes sense, right thing to do. It gives more security." The question is if they're incented, it makes it easier for us to do it, all that have been factored into the way we've constructed our EMV strategy. But it's very early days, and it's going to take a few quarters to work its way through the way we actually deliver what they're going to say they will deliver.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And can you talk about how we should think about the economic impact to your P&L given that EMV economics -- our understanding is they're PIN-debit-like? How should we think about that? And that's it.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So first of all, just because by the implementation of EMV, you should not be jumping that everything goes to PIN economics. For instance, EMV has been rolled out in a significant way in Europe, and you have -- there's absolutely no difference from a signature credit PIN point of view, for instance, from a pricing. So you cannot analogize EMV everything goes to PIN pricing. It does not.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: What's been the impact on the market on Visa's new merchant pricing initiative and maybe you can update us on the strategic direction MasterCard plans to take due to what Visa's doing on merchant pricing?
Ajaypal S. Banga: So Bryan, it's Ajay. And I -- in truth, you've got to ask you Visa what they see as the response from merchants to that. From our perspective, it's very early. I haven't seen much happen. There's -- remember, the first quarter was where all this is being constructed. It's really over the next few quarters, as I said, in response to an earlier question, that these routing transactions will become clearer. And as I've said a couple of times now, our focus is going to be on making sure that we operate strategically and surgically to try and keep those routings with us to the extent we can and to the extent it makes sense economically. The -- we did the same thing with getting ourselves on the back of issuers' cards. We're going to do the same thing with working with merchants and acquirers on the routing. So it's early stages. That's where it is today.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, just a quick follow-up. Any update on the mercenary exchange litigation settlement? I know we have a trial date set that's coming up here in September.
Ajaypal S. Banga: No, nothing new at all there, nothing new. No change to our views, by the way.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line from Darrin Peller with Barclays Capital.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Over the past few quarters, we've seen obviously Huntington, Sovereign, Swedbank and then in Europe, Italy and Netherlands, and then PIN debit wins among others. I think you mentioned Italy and now Ireland actually, which sounds a little newer. Can you just help us understand the opportunity actually in Ireland? And then more longer-term and just overall, are these opportunities similar to what we've seen in The Netherlands and obviously in Italy? And how long is this runway? And then lastly, is there other conversions like the Huntington or Sovereigns that we can expect in the near few quarters?
Ajaypal S. Banga: So the fact is that we had a lower market share in some of these markets, as you know, and that's what we are basically trying to win back deals in. The Ireland deal win is the beginnings of what we hope will turn our business around Ireland, but it's going to be a 2, 3, 4, 5 year slog because typically, deals with the other banks have signed up with competitive brands for certain number of year at a time. So I kind of tend to view these as building blocks, and I tend to view our business and approach to selling in these countries as building the right relationships, bringing value to these clients and starting to win small business and the ones that have large business tie-ups with competitors, and then wait for our opportunity to get a bigger deal with them. That's true of every market around the world. What you're seeing in us in the last couple of years is an engagement with issuers and merchants both -- both financial institution issuers and non-FI issuers, as well as merchants around the world to build our position and our relationship with them. So we're in the right place, we're trying to take advantage of opportunities as they come up. It's nothing more strategic or rocket science than that. It's global fashion selling. Now, as far as what's going on in The Netherlands is concerned, The Netherlands in particular was a large, onetime switch of the way in which those transactions are processed from a local debit switch to us. Now that's giving us a lot of benefit in lap. We're working on other such things in SEPA, as a whole, in the European area, our -- actually our transactions seen are up 280% over the prior quarter, which by the way, is similar to the number in the prior quarter. The fact is we are beginning to see transactions in France and Belgium and Germany and Italy, not with the same kind of impact as The Netherlands mass movement, but we're beginning to see them. So I think we are on the spot of building our business brick-by-brick and deal-by-deal, and what we're getting is the result of that. So I wouldn't conclude that there's some dramatic thing that's going to happen tomorrow, neither would I conclude that the runway is nearing anywhere near an end. We've got a lot of market share to gain and bigger than that, we've got this whole fight against cash, which is where our real growth is coming from. So we've got both things to do here, but it's going to take years to fulfill that strategy.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I guess when I look at the rebates and incentive lines, I look at it relative to gross revenues. That percentage was up like 100 basis points to 25%. Can you just talk about how much of that increase was driven by wins versus renewals, and then how we should think about that line going forward?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Sanjay, first of all, a lot of this was actually driven by the volume increases that we had. So the business has increased. So obviously, with volume increases, you're paying more rebates out, and then a smaller portion of that was related to new and renewed wins. I'm not going to break that up for you. But again, yes, you didn't see an increase in this quarter. I also said in our thoughts of 2012, we -- and as Ajay was just saying, we are running after other deals. And depending on when they come through, in which quarter, you will see some changes to rebates and incentives. But I know you guys have a love for looking at rebates and incentives as a percent of growth. I -- look, in 2010, the contra as percent of growth was actually 27%. It was 25% in 2011. It's now a little higher. As you can appreciate over the last 5 to 6 years, first of all, it will jump around by year, depending on what kind of deals we do and what the volume development is in that particular year, and you have the same kind of phenomena also on the quarterly basis. So all I want to tell you with all of these is there is nothing to read into this. This is just us going after the business the right way.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tom McCrohan with Janney.
Thomas C. McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Can you help us quantify how much of your revenues today have already benefited from your increased penetration in the U.S. debit business as a result of Durbin? And then looking ahead, can you help us quantify what you see to be the incremental revenue you expect to pick up? I know it's hard to -- there's probably going to be a range based on your execution of getting your brand put on a lot of the issuer debit cards here in the United States. So just trying to get a revenue impact from all of these activities.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Look. I mean, the only statistics that we have from a revenue perspective out there on the debit side is that at one point in time, we told you that debit is about, what, 14% of revenues. It's a little lower at this point in time, 13% of revenues, but that's just because of how actually our overall business has been growing both in the United States on the credit side as well as overseas outside of the United States. So revenues are growing in the debit business. And as you can see from Ajay's remarks earlier this morning, we're winning very nicely both from a signature, as well as from a PIN share point of view.
Ajaypal S. Banga: I'll give you this little additional thought around this, but I'm not going to make a prediction going forward on what I think revenues could be from PIN debit because of 2 reasons. One is I don't like making those predictions and two, I'm genuinely unsure of how routing will play out over the next few quarters. So I actually haven't really got a lot of revenue built in from there in my expectations. But you have to remember the dynamics of this revenue. PIN revenue in the United States is a low-yield business. And by low, I mean substantially lower than the other yields we have. The only good deals is because they're leveraging our fixed cost infrastructure for driving this volume even though its billions of transaction incrementally. The good news is that the profit yield from these transactions is still attractive to our company. And so we look at it that way that our revenue yield will probably be small, but our profit yield will be attractive enough for us to keep going after it. But it's difficult to predict, given that we've just completed one part of the chessboard game, which is the getting ourselves on the back of the issuer cards. The second part is going on right now with the merchant acquirer incentive play. And then there will be the third part that will come in a year or 2, which will be the increase in payments towards EMV, which will also change this mix a little. So I kind of view this as interesting, nice to have, worth showing that we can bid our share on it, but kind of move from it. There's a lot more going on in our business that has greater revenue impact than just the PIN debit business in the United States.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Patrick O'Brien with Brown Advisory.
Patrick O'Brien: A couple of questions. Your tax rate is going down quite a bit over the years, I guess, as the earnings from lower tax jurisdictions become more important. Is that cash now trapped in low-cash, low-tax environments, or do you have a policy for repatriating it?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Okay, Patrick, it's Martina. So let me take that. First of all, yes, your observation is absolutely right. We have been working on our tax rate quite considerably. There are number of factors that you work on from a tax planning point of view, one of which is obviously which -- the one that you were referencing. You make earnings in lower tax jurisdictions. It's lower tax there to the extent you can actually lock those earnings into those jurisdictions, and then you have the whole issue of how can you bring the cash back. I have to tell you we are in a very early innings of this game. MasterCard essentially was a 2-country kind of company: United States, as well as Belgium and Europe, and we've been diversifying quite significantly from that. You might -- when you read our annual report as well as our Qs, you might be able to pick up that we've been actually trying to make sure that our Asia Pacific/Middle East/Africa business get recognized as such, doesn't get run back into the United States, but gets run into Singapore, where we obviously negotiated a great tax agreement with the Singaporean authorities. And over time, and this will take a long time, we will be having the benefits of those kind of structure. At this point in time, we have mostly cash sitting in the United States, as well as in Europe. We have not built up a significant amount of cash in other jurisdictions and with the way that we built up our structure for the foreseeable future, so let's say for the next few years, I see absolutely no restrictions on being able to utilize the cash wherever we need to utilize the cash in the world, be it for what we're doing at the moment from a share repurchase program point of view or, at some point in time, acquisitions.
Patrick O'Brien: You suffer a tax consequence for using that cash in a low-tax jurisdiction?
Martina Hund-Mejean: What I wanted to tell you is at this point in time, I don't have that tax consequence because we put some planning strategies in place, as well as we are only in the early innings of actually pushing earnings out to lower tax jurisdictions. So it's going to take some years to be building up cash in those lower tax jurisdictions, and then it's going to take some time for us to ever having to use those -- that cash somewhere else.
Ajaypal S. Banga: The only thing I'd add to that is think about what those jurisdictions are. We are investing a lot of time, effort and energy into building our footprint across Asia, and in Singapore is the hub of where we're putting a lot of this. And in truth, I see a lot of opportunity for growth in that part of the world over the next 2 years. So in fact, if that cash were to be there, I believe it will give us some opportunity for adding to our footprint and our franchise through an acquisitive nature of growth in that part of the world. So I think there's going to be opportunities to use that right now. We're fortunately at very early stages of this. So as Martina was trying to tell you, we are in a type of stage where we have this as an issue. We actually see this as a big opportunity for our company over the next 4, 5 years.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Donald Fandetti with Citigroup.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Ajay, I just talked to the bank issuers on the card side, they clearly seem to be struggling with some regulatory issues from the CFPB and others. I'm just curious on your thoughts in the U.S. It seems like a pretty good environment for you right now. Is there anything percolating? Or do you generally feel pretty about the good environment from a reg standpoint?
Ajaypal S. Banga: Yes. Well, I -- the fact is that -- I can tell you what my perspective is as the MasterCard guy talking to these banks. I think they're all going through the early stages of trying to figure out their new P&L and its construct, given all the regulatory changes. And you know those regulatory changes extend way beyond the card business to very fundamental things and the way the money center banks are constructed, how their capital is used and what they can do with it. So I think they're all going through that phase right now. In our specific space, the fact is the payments industry probably becomes a little more interesting in terms of its capital utilization for banks over a period of time. So they have also realized, as we all have, there's an opportunity to grow there. How they grow and how they construct that growth is what they're all working their way through. So it's actually good discussion. I feel that these are discussions that are -- that changes stuff for them. But eventually, coming out of this 1 year or 2 down the road, I suspect we'll all be in a better place, and that's what I'm hoping for. So we are engaged in a constructive, practical way on payment strategy with a number of banks in the U.S. and elsewhere. That's kind of where I am right now.
Operator: And your next question comes from Moshe Katri with Cowen.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just maybe focusing on credit trends. I think Martina, you said that credit trends in the U.S. remain stable. I think from a gross dollar volume perspective, they're up maybe 6%, 7% for the quarter or similar to last quarter. Rest of the world looked better, globally, it looked better. What do you think we should kind of look for, for the remainder of the year?
Martina Hund-Mejean: You asked again a good question, right. So this is always tough to do. I think you have to put it into the context of what we said about the economic environment. We are very much focused on making sure that we understand where consumer confidence is, what's happening on the unemployment rate, what's happening on housing starts. We're, obviously, feeling relatively good, what we've seen in the first quarter. But this has to persist for the rest of the year in order to have these kind of growth rates coming in. The other issue that you're going to have to think about is, look back to the last 3 quarters, in particular, the last 2 quarters in 2011. Those had already some fairly healthy rates. The credit growth in the United States in the third quarter and the fourth quarter of 2011 were 7 percentage -- 7% each. So I would suggest to you that there might be a bit of a tougher comparison coming in. And that's why we also said when we talked about our revenue growth, don't just take the first quarter revenue growth and chart it out for the rest of the year.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Do you think it's too early to say that this is an inflection point on the credit side? Or as you said, we have to keep on looking at that environment?
Martina Hund-Mejean: I think we have to look at it. I think it's far too early to say that there's an inflection point on the credit side.
Ajaypal S. Banga: A lot depends also on the specific institution and its appetite right now. You will see that for the last few quarters, different banks and institutions have moved differently in terms of acquiring new credit cards. Some that were very aggressive till a couple of quarters ago have slowed down. Others have moved up. I've seen that happen with a number of issuers. So I think it's still moving around, and it's connected a little bit to Don's question earlier about how the banks are looking at the payments business. So it's not -- it's a bit tough to declare this as an inflection point yet. I look at all the banks. I look at their delinquencies improving. I look at early-stage delinquencies coming down. So I think about all of that change in their portfolio. And I think about the fact that they do want to grow their revenue. But it's based on the risk appetite, but they need to get into a place, depending on how the regulatory capital needs move around and then across their entire franchise. That is happening as we speak. So tough to say it's an inflection point, but it is not in bad shape. April is the month where you see all the consumer spending. That's the time we know how April did, but 1 month does not a quarter make and does not a trend make. And I said March was a good month. 11 out of the 11 retail sectors were positive, by the way, so was February and that is not the case in January. So if that's anything to go by. Remember, February also has a little benefit of an extra day, which is 1 day out of 90 is more than a percentage point of growth for a company. So you've just got to factor all that in, and not conclude yet that we're at that inflection point. That's how I see it.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Marc Lombardo with Meredith Whitney Advisor.
Marc Lombardo - Meredith Whitney Advisory Group LLC: I just wanted to hear if there was a restatement on the split of debit and credit for Rest of World volumes and if there was, just what the motivation was around this?
Martina Hund-Mejean: I'm sorry, can you repeat that question? You were very faint.
Marc Lombardo - Meredith Whitney Advisory Group LLC: Yes, so just wanted to hear if there was a restatement on the split of the volumes for credit and debit for the Rest of World?
Martina Hund-Mejean: I'm not sure what you mean about restatement.
Marc Lombardo - Meredith Whitney Advisory Group LLC: So the split from fourth quarter volumes of $405 million for worldwide for credit and charge. When we look, this quarter is now $384 million for GDV.
Martina Hund-Mejean: I don't understand what he means.
Barbara Gasper: There hasn't been any restatement.
Martina Hund-Mejean: No, there hasn't been any restatement. There hasn't been any change whatsoever. Are you looking at local rates? Because you got to have to look at the volume growing in a local way not on U.S. dollar because U.S. dollar is distorted, obviously, by the foreign exchange impact. But there has been absolutely no change in terms of how we're reporting it. And look, maybe we should take that off-line, Mark. So if you can -- we can call you.
Barbara Gasper: We'll get in touch with you.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Craig Maurer with CLSA.
Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just had a question for Ajay regarding what's going on in the U.S. It seems to me that the U.S. issuers have a complete disconnect versus with merchants and the way U.S. issuers are strategizing around their rates and their product emphasis is in complete opposite of what retailers are thinking about, which is pushing large retailers to again discuss their own payment system. I was wondering how you talk to issuers about being more retailer-friendly or else this might become the type of issue that eventually comes back to kill their own business if they don't be careful.
Ajaypal S. Banga: Craig, boy, you chose to put a grenade on the table, which I'm trying to figure out what the -- so here's the thing with that. I think that this disconnect is more is made out of it than is true. At the end of the day, in most of these banks, there is -- the fact is that merchants have got one perspective in growing their revenue and their P&L. And at the other end of the pipe is the bank that's trying to grow its revenue and P&L. And all that happens is the natural tension of the 2 opposing views between these parties. I actually think a number of the banks and issuers have built reasonably good relationships with some of the big merchants over the last few years. They're doing a lot of promotions together. They're doing a lot of things together. But the fact is that the economic value of what's involved in the payment system is a constant matter of interest to merchants, as well as to the banks, and so there's always some hustling going on there. But even we ourselves have been in regular contact with a series of merchants over the last few months, and I haven't seen anything new in that dimension compared to what it used to be 1 year or 2 ago, but it's the natural tension that you're referring to between those 2 constituents of the payment system. So that's kind of what's going on there. I don't think there's anything more than that.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Glenn Fodor with Morgan Stanley.
Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Ajay or Martina, whoever wants to take it, since the Durbin regulation went into effect, you've done a very good job of winning PIN business. But if you had to apportion the wins that you got, can you characterize for us how much of -- what percent of them were you winning, all the business -- PIN business outright versus just a portion of it being just the second mark on the card?
Ajaypal S. Banga: So we aren't at liberty unfortunately to tell you that because every single issuer is being cautious and careful in this environment about how this is explained and talked about. Remember, they don't have to reissue the cards with the brands at the back, and so everyone's on that statement right now. So unfortunately, I don't have the liberty to tell you that. We've got a mix of both. We've got a mix of deals where we are the only PIN brand at the back, and there are deals where we are an additional PIN brand at the back along with other PIN brands. I just am not at liberty to tell you what the break up is.
Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Sure. Fair enough. Just switching to -- just some color on investments. It's clear you're still investing. This is what people want to see. But investors also want to be able to characterize the go-forward trajectory, the pay-off of those investments, and how it's going to contribute to revenues and margins. So can you give us perhaps a view on fiscal '13? I guess, every year has a certain amount of revenue growth that's attributable to investments that were made, say, in the last 2 or 3 years, so some of those are now going to be paying off in '13. So is the contribution of growth investments in '13 going to be, say, bigger than it might have been in '11 and '12? Or is it kind of like an average year? How should we think about your investments today and when they're going to be paying off?
Martina Hund-Mejean: So Glenn, thanks for trying on this one. Well, first of all, I mean, you obviously know that for 2012 and 2013, on a combined way of compounded annual growth rate for net revenues, we said 12% to 14%, right? So in the 12% to 14%, we obviously have to make our judgment of how much our newer investments would be contributing to the top line. And I think you have heard me lay out before, many of you heard -- that we have investments in the category that are more shorter-term investments, return investments, mid-term investments and longer-term investments. So for instance, when we invest into the commercial business or in the prepaid business, we probably get a payoff over an 18- to 24-month period. So of course, you should be seeing in 2013 some contribution of these kind of investments. Conversely, when we go to the longer-term, such as for instance, the mobile investments that we have been making, we've been very public out there that we might not be seeing a return for 4 or 5 years, okay. So we obviously wouldn't be putting a lot of that into our revenue lines for 2013. But I think that's how you're going to have to think about it. And when we put out in a public way our net revenue growth like we did for the next 2 years, the 12% to 14% is basically recognizing the investment and how it might come to fruition from a return point of view over time.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to just check in on a couple of quick things on the expense trends for the year and also the joint venture losses for the rest of this year, just how to think about the seasonality of any of that? Or if there's anything unusual that you'll be rolling on, rolling off?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Well, let me take the last one first because, obviously, when you look at the other income and expense line, it will be tracking differently than what you have seen in the prior years because we are charting the investments that we are making in the joint ventures in Telefónica in there. So you see, almost $1 million negative in Q1, which has a number of components in there, right. It's not just the Telefónica JV. You have what's happening from an interest, income and expense point of view, et cetera. And basically, you should be taking this forward and you should be thinking about negative numbers, a bigger magnitude as the quarters go along because remember, we only started the investment in the joint venture for Telefónica in Brazil very recently, right. So you're going to have -- you have to recognize that every quarter, we'll be investing a bit more. So this will be a negative trend. From a G&A point of view, I am not sure if I can say more. What we basically said is you will -- you should expect some growth in G&A for sure. I think we gave you a little bit of the split in the first quarter, so that you can analyze Access Prepaid, right, which was 5 percentage points out of the 17, so the 12 was kind of the baseline. You will continue to see some increase in G&A. Remember, we hired about a little over 1,000 people back in 2011, of which around 400 people or so Access Prepaid. So organic hire was 700 people. That's kind of a 12% increase on our headcount, which has to work its way through the personnel line. So, you're going to have to look at that. And then for advertising and marketing, we definitely said that, that will be a lower growth rate than G&A. It will be just slightly higher than what you see in 2012 -- in 2011, sorry.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: No impact from the Olympics or anything along those lines to think about...
Martina Hund-Mejean: What you might see of us, and this why we are not giving you the quarterly cadence. We're moving some monies around, obviously, quarter-over-quarter, depending what kind of activities are happening in the world where we want to participate.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of John Williams with UBS.
John T. Williams - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a quick question, Ajay. I know you've mentioned a couple of times you've seen positive trends in the 11 spending categories. I just was hoping you might be able to provide a little color on what you've seen perhaps among the high-end, the luxury categories, the shift, credit versus debit, or perhaps nondiscretionary versus discretionary?
Ajaypal S. Banga: Yes. John, I haven't seen a lot of shift in credit versus debit in total because I think that's still early days, and I'm not sure that there's any great trend coming out of that yet. Actually, I haven't even seen a big shift between PIN and signature other than the fact that our own volumes, because of the PIN deals we have won over these last 2 months, are moving around a little bit. But your question is more about the market and the consumer as a whole rather than MasterCards, per se, right? So I haven't seen any great moves on that. What I would tell you is that what's really been interesting, I've been tracking SpendingPulse for the better part of 2.5 years now because I have a frequent call with some really interested parties, who take this information from us and use it as part of their decision-making process in various governmental bodies. And it's fascinating what's happened over the last 6, 8 months -- 6, 7 months ago, hardware, electronic, stuff that had to do with home improvement were actually languishing in pretty negative territory. In the last few months, that has moved to the point where now those are actually the growth areas, and that tells me that people are either using that to reinvest in renovating their homes or they're putting it into their homes that they are buying and it kind of links up with some of the things you're reading about some activity improving in home building and home buying, still not showing up in the prices of homes, but has it bottomed out. So that's the first thing I'm seeing there. The second thing I'm seeing is that in luxury goods, jewelry, fine dining, slightly different trends. Luxury goods and jewelry were doing well. Jewelry is moving around a little bit, a bit depends on festivals and stuff like that. But mostly luxury goods were doing well. Fine dining, on the other hand, has moved through cycles, where they're in great shape, and then it's taking a beating. It's actually taking a beating recently again, but casual dining and family dining has come back up on that growth rate. So it's kind of moving around on us a little bit, and I don't yet have a good trend on that aspect.
John T. Williams - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: That's super helpful. Just one other question on -- Martina, I think you had mentioned Europe's process volume had come down by a couple of percentage points. I just wanted to make sure you weren't specifically saying 2% or anything like that. You were just giving kind of a general direction there, right?
Martina Hund-Mejean: You're assuming?
John T. Williams - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, correct.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, yes, I was just right. Well, look, I can give you the numbers, right? So Ajay was saying 19% growth in Europe for the first quarter. When you actually do the analogous process volume calculation, as we do it, it's about 17%. So the 19% is equal to 17%, and what we are seeing in the first quarter of -- what we are seeing in April is about 15%, which is -- so it's a very healthy growth rate, let me tell you, 15%, that is a couple of percentage points below what we are seeing -- what we saw in the first quarter.
John T. Williams - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Have you directionally given what an equivalent same -- I guess, cards sales metric would be in terms of x-ing out the impact of perhaps the new portfolios that you've signed?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Well, I think, no, we have not.
Ajaypal S. Banga: No, we haven't, but I can tell you little bit. If you look at things like SpendingPulse, you can come to conclusions pretty quickly, about what's going on at the core versus new business. And very similarly in Europe, spending is actually holding up. What happens, as I've said about Europe very often, in the global days, Europe never went crazy with spending, and now there is -- they have a far more stable pattern on saving and spending in Northern Europe. Southern Europe can be a little complicated and can move a little differently from Northern Europe. In our company, it's interesting, but a majority of our European business, because of the way it was constructed from its beginning, as well as the acquisition of Europe peers that happened along the ways some years back that our predecessor have done. We've actually got a mix of volume that comes more from Northern Europe than from the Southern European countries, which actually have seen us have a more stable pattern over the course of this last year or so. Now, the other good news is we are winning deals in some of those Southern European markets. So even if Spain and Greece are slowing down, that's where the Ireland, Italy angle came from. So we've got a mix of portfolio changing, along with the nature of the business on how consumers are spending in Europe. But essentially, consumer spending as a whole in Europe is holding up, and consumer confidence as a whole in the first quarter actually held up. Now it moved differently. Germany went up. The U.K. went up. Spain and Greece went down. But Europe, as a whole, held up. That's actually public data on consumer confidence that you can get from the Nielsen guys, which I just saw again the other day. Thanks a lot for your questions.
Operator: And with no further questions in queue, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Ajay Banga for closing remarks.
Ajaypal S. Banga: So let me leave you with just a few closing thoughts after those set of questions. We are off to a good start for 2012. We have made some really solid progress, particularly, as we've all been discussing in our U.S. debit business. But of course, there's more to come there. Just remember that any incremental PIN debit transaction come at a lower-than-average yield, though with good profitability and things are moving around with the routing. Remember that as Martina mentioned, our first quarter net revenue growth rate will not be a representative run rate for the balance of the year. That's because we will be faced with more difficult comparisons as the year progresses, as well as several items that lap, which by the way, contribute to the difficult comparisons, including the Access acquisition and several new business wins that we had over the course of the previous 2 years that came up with cards in this period last year. I also want to remind you that there is the potential for us to increase our level of investment, depending on how much room we have in our P&L. That room could come from things such a stronger than expected top line growth or the potential lower tax rate that Martina mentioned. There is no shortage of growth opportunities in this business, and we want to evaluate as many as we can. We will act on the ones that provide the best potential for maximizing our long-term growth and let anything left over drop to the bottom line. Net, we're working hard to deliver another good year and meet our performance objective. Thank you for your time today, and thank you for your interest in MasterCard.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Gasper -  Ajay Banga - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of MasterCard International and President of Mastercard International Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Thomas C. McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David S. Hochstim - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Robert P. Napoli - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Greg Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 MasterCard Financial Results. My name is Cesenia, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] And now I would like to turn the conference over to Barbara Gasper. Please proceed.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Cesenia. Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today, either by phone or webcast, for our discussion about our fourth quarter and full year 2011 results. We also appreciate your patience with the technical difficulties this morning, and I'd like to say that we are going to extend the call beyond our normal length just to accommodate everybody for your patience.  With me on the call today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, we will open up the call for your questions.  This morning's earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. The earnings release and the slide deck have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier today. A dial-in replay of this call will be available for one week, through February 9. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today's call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our recent SEC filings. With that, I will now turn the call over to our CEO, Ajay Banga. Ajay?
Ajay Banga: Thank you, Barbara. Good morning, everybody. Before Martina gets into the details of our results, let me start, as usual, with some high-level comments. In the fourth quarter, we saw net revenue growth of 20% as reported or 21% on a constant-currency basis. And that helped to fuel operating income growth of 34%, excluding the special item for the litigation charge.  And as you see on Slide 2, this quarter's performance capped off a very strong 2011 for us, with net revenue and EPS growth ahead of our 3-year objectives. We had a strong operational performance with annual gross dollar volume, cross-border volume and processed-transaction growth rate in the mid- to high teens, all driven by very solid local execution. And we delivered an operating margin a bit ahead of our 50% minimum target, while actually finding a way to continue to invest in strategic initiatives for the long-term growth of our business.  We have some decent economic news in the United States lately with the unemployment rate dropping to 8.5%, consumer confidence increasing over the past few months to an 8-month high. This comes as consumer balance sheets have improved, following a period of deleveraging. And all of this has had a positive impact on consumer spending, as is reflected in our SpendingPulse data, which showed growth in December for all the 11 retail sectors that we track. Now we saw continued strength in our own U.S. volumes, which were up about 12% for the fourth quarter. But this positive news remains tempered by the uncertainty that persists in the picture of the unemployment rate and housing prices. And you should also remember that U.S. retail sales, as well as our own U.S. volumes, begin to hit tougher year-over-year comparisons -- actually, that started late in 2011, and it'll persist through the year 2012.  In Europe, our business remains strong in spite of another quarter of negative headlines regarding the macro situation there. Fourth quarter volumes grew almost 17%, in line with the growth we saw with the prior 2 quarters, driven by double-digit cross-border volume growth. The addition of domestic processing in The Netherlands continues to drive significant processed-transaction growth in the region.  You should remember that our European region is comprised of nearly 60 markets, extending far beyond Western Europe and the Eurozone. In fact, the majority of our revenue comes from the relatively stronger economies of Northern and Eastern Europe, where we continue to see strong growth in both processed volume as well as revenue, with particular strength in France and Germany and The Netherlands.  The countries most often talked about as troubled, Portugal, Italy, Ireland, Greece, Spain account for less than 5% of our 2011 global net revenue. In January, processed volume growth in these countries, these so-called troubled countries has decelerated only slightly from the mid-teens level that we saw over the previous several months. That said, in the Eurozone, we have seen a decline in consumer sentiment in the third and fourth quarters of 2011.  In the past, it has taken a few quarters before changing consumer sentiment impacts the growth of PCE in this region. And as such, we've continued to watch our European business closely. And of course, there is the potential that Europe's impact could spread to the U.S. and other regions. That's what we read about in the papers every day, but the facts are that as it relates to Latin America and the Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Africa we finished 2011 with GDV growth greater than 20% in the fourth quarter in those 2 regions as well, with strength in both domestic and cross-border volumes.  With all of that as a backdrop, the facts are the lingering uncertainty in Europe and the lukewarm recovery in the U.S. is what makes us continue to have a cautious outlook for overall consumption growth of PCE. We remain focused in what we can influence: the steady displacement of cash and our ability to gain share in the electronic payment space, both of which, we've continued to make progress on.  So before I get to some business highlights, I thought I'd give you a quick update on the litigation front. And as you see in this morning's earnings release, we took a $495 million after-tax charge in the fourth quarter. This charge is an estimate of our financial liability that could result from a settlement of U.S. merchant litigations and is basically based on the progress in the mediation process. We know there's been a good deal of speculation in the marketplace about the terms of this settlement -- of this potential settlement. The mediation discussions remain confidential, so I can't really say much beyond what's in our release. But being that much of the speculation is about credit interchange, I want to make clear that we would not agree to any significant or long-term reductions in MasterCard's credit interchange rates as part of any settlement.  In the meanwhile, we continue to execute our strategy displacing cash, winning deals to get more than our fare share of payments growth. And let me share a few business highlights. During this quarter, we signed a number of really interesting partnerships connected to our strategic priorities: First, our global agreement with Western Union to help us grow and diversify while displacing cash and serving some of the world's 2.5 billion financially underserved people. In addition to becoming Western Union's preferred prepaid brand globally, we are working to enable all 485,000 agent locations of Western Union to serve as reload locations for any MasterCard Prepaid Card. Western Union and MasterCard are also working together using our MoneySend platform and issuer relationships to help remove cash from either side of the remittance transaction.  Last year, we entered into a JV with Telefónica, covering the 12 Spanish-speaking markets in Latin America where Telefónica operates the Mobistar brand, with 87 million customers. In November, we signed an additional JV agreement with Telefónica, this one in Brazil. The Telefónica's brand is called is called Vivo, and it reaches an additional 65 million customers. With that, we now have completed our relationship across the breadth of Telefonica's geographic footprint in Latin America. Both these JVs are focused on providing consumers with mobile payment services, to drive financial inclusion, increase acceptance of the users of payments over the next few years.  We also entered into a strategic relationship with Intel to leverage Intel's ultra-book chip, what some of you may have seen at this year's Consumer Electronics Show. When a consumer reaches checkout on an e-commerce site, all they will need to do is tap their PayPass-enabled device from their computer, which will do a few things. For consumers, it'll speed up and simplify the checkout process while making the transaction more secure, because it leverages dynamic authentication, something most PayPass transactions do. And for merchants, while this security will help to reduce fraud, we believe this will also help to reduce shopping cart abandonment, making it much more productive for them.  We've also signed a commercial agreement with mFoundry, as well as having taken a small equity stake in that company. mFoundry develops mobile banking apps for nearly 600 banks and credit unions in the U.S. This should give us a chance to give the U.S. consumers of these institutions -- of these 600 institutions, mobile PayPass capabilities integrated with their online banking apps.  On to the U.S. in specific, the team continues with solid execution across the lines of business in debit. Banks are continuing to work through their decisions to comply with debit non-exclusivity. At this point I can tell you, we have won PIN deal with a couple of major U.S. banks and have already begun to see some of those transactions.  We've signed an agreement with KeyBanc as well to add PIN debit and to move on to our IPS platform. We've also renewed our signature debit and ATM relationships with them. During the quarter, we converted the conversion of Huntington to MasterCard debit card and onto our IPS platform. And interestingly, while the top 25 banks in the U.S. do get spoken of most often, we all know that independent banks and credit unions are important players. Credit unions alone serve over 90 million U.S. consumers. In 2011, we made substantial in-roads here. We've signed debit and credit deals with almost 150 of these issuers. And importantly, a good proportion of these deals were conversions from competition.  We've also won some new U.S. public sector prepaid programs, which should be launching shortly. The State of California will issue prepaid MasterCard for child support payments. New York State, Oklahoma will leverage prepaid MasterCards as an option to distribute income tax refunds. Dollar General now accepts MasterCard credit cards and will distribute MasterCard Prepaid Cards in its 10,000 stores, all of which will also become prepaid reload locations like those Western Union agents I was telling you about. And just this week, we contracted with Toys"R"Us to be the exclusive network partner for their co-brand program.  So on the topic of merchants, we're bringing all of our assets to bear to drive value for merchants in a variety of ways. Let me give you some flavor. Two major automotive brands will begin accepting MasterCard debit cards in the U.S. for monthly lease payments. In France, Casino, a top 5 mass retailer will convert its private label store card to a co-branded MasterCard PayPass card. PayPass acceptance new across geographies, some examples: taxis in Hong Kong; pharmacies and gas stations in Russia; discount grocers in Austria; Canada's largest pharmacy; in the U.S., RadioShack, Gap stores in San Francisco, Pinkberry and so on.  With our Priceless Cities program now in New York, in London and Toronto, we partnered with restaurants, retailers, theaters and other merchants to drive traffic and offer cardholders priceless experiences they would otherwise not be able to get. In Europe, we are partnering with affluent merchants to bring global travel benefit, VIP guest passes, accelerated bonus points to MasterCard World Elite and Black cardholders. The luxury brands we are working with include, for example, Mandarin Oriental, Fairmont hotels, Oxford Jet and more are getting signed up.  In the other regions, we are continuing to work on paving the way for the growth of electronic payments. In Africa, a growth region that MasterCard has traditionally been relatively underrepresented in, we have signed a bunch of things. During the quarter, we signed an MOU with Ecobank Group to drive the issuance and acceptance of prepaid and debit accounts across 31 African markets, where Ecobank has more than 750 branches and offices.  In Nigeria, we signed an agreement with Zenith Bank, one of the largest banks in Western Africa, as well as a debit deal with Skye Bank. We've continued to launch debit cards with other customers as well, programs with GTB Bank in Ghana, NBC in Tanzania, as well as a major global bank with a presence in Kenya to issue world debit cards. Also in Kenya, we've launched prepaid MasterCards aimed at young travelers with Equatorial Commercial Bank.  In South Africa, we've launched PayPass cards in virtual card numbers, as well as prepaid cards for insurance, and interestingly, micro-finance distribution. Now we've even got an office in Nairobi to serve as a hub for our East African business. In Russia, we're working with MTS, the largest mobile network operator in that market, and we're developing mobile PayPass products for their consumers. They're pushing ahead of mobile payments in China. We just signed an MOU with Unicom for e-pay to explore collaboration. And while on China, China Industrial Bank launched a Geneo [ph] airlines co-brand MasterCard, which adds the co-brand relationships we already have with the top 4 airlines in China.  In the commercial space, we've launched numerous programs in China, including 5 new co-branded commercial card products with China Construction Bank, which by the way is also launching a frequent business airline travel card. And talking of airline cards, Air New Zealand Airpoints customers will now get a card that comprises a monthly currency PayPass-enabled MasterCard Prepaid Card on one side, with their Airpoints membership card on the other side. And you can actually tap the card to check into your flight. So that's just the flavor. Tons of these going on.  Now let me turn the call over to Martina for a detailed update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin on Page 3 of the deck, where we'll focus on the 2011 non-GAAP column, which excludes the special item related to litigation. And I'll compare those numbers to the 2010 actuals.  This quarter's EPS growth of 27.5% was driven by a combination of strong revenue growth and solid expense management. Net revenue grew 20.2%, while operating expenses grew 11.5%, resulting in an operating margin of 44%, a 4.4 percentage point increase year-over-year. Foreign exchange had minimal impact on these numbers.  Overall, acquisitions added 2 percentage points of growth to net revenue and 3 percentage points to operating expense growth. This is a lesser impact than we have seen in recent quarters, as we anniversary-ed the acquisition of DataCash in late October. The effective tax rate was 32.3%, versus 28.7% in the fourth quarter of 2010, mainly driven by benefits we recorded last year in connection with the repatriation of foreign earnings.  Let's turn to Page 4. And here you can see the regional breakdown of our gross dollar volume for the fourth quarter. Worldwide GDV was $863 billion, up 16.3% on a local-currency basis or 14.9% on a U.S. dollar converted basis. U.S. GDV increased 12.1%. And rest-of-the-world GDV increased 18.4%.  On a local-currency basis, worldwide credit GDV was 13.6%, driven mainly by APMEA and Latin America. Worldwide debit GDV grew 21.2%. In the U.S., local GDV grew 18.4% aided by the Sovereign and Huntington wins. Debit growth for the rest of the world was 23.4%, driven by APMEA and Europe.  Fourth quarter volumes grew 17.5% on a local-currency basis. The slight deceleration versus the 19% cross-border growth that we saw in the third quarter was the result of lower cross-border growth for U.S.-issued cards and in Europe, while the growth in both regions remained in the double digits in the fourth quarter. In the U.S., there's not a fundamental change in the usage of U.S. cards overseas, but rather, this was largely the result of a stronger U.S. dollar on purchases. In Europe, the decrease was very modest.  Turning now to Slide 5. We proposed 7.7 billion -- I'm sorry, we processed 7.7 billion transactions in the fourth quarter, up 23.2% over last year's fourth quarter. Double-digit increases in all regions were aided by domestic processing opportunities in The Netherlands and Brazil; new deals such as Huntington and Sovereign; as well as from U.S. debit routing changes. Globally, the number of MasterCard and Maestro cards grew 11.3% to over 1.8 billion.  So now let's turn to Page 6 to discuss net revenue in a bit more detail. Domestic assessments grew 18.7%, and cross-border volume fees grew 14.5%. Both of these line items were driven mainly by higher volume. The 12.6% increase in transaction processing fees was driven by a greater number of processed transactions, including PIN debit transactions, which drive incremental revenue albeit at a lower year.  Other revenue grew 27.5%, mainly driven by our Access Prepaid acquisition, which closed at April 2011, and growth in consulting services. Rebates and incentives grew just under 9% for the quarter, driven by both new and renewed deals and healthy volume growth. U.S. [ph] revenue grew 15% in 2011 and represents now 39.6% of our total net revenue.  Let's move to Page 7 for some detail on expenses. Total operating expenses increased 11.5%, excluding the special item. Acquisitions, largely Access Prepaid, added about 3 percentage points to operating expense growth. G&A increased 14.3%, primarily driven by higher personnel expenses related to strategic growth initiatives within core products, emerging payments, information services. And Access Prepaid contributed about 4 percentage point to this growth rate.  The 4.8% increase in A&M was mainly driven by investments in Priceless Cities, customer-specific activities and sponsorships. Depreciation and amortization increased 24.3% primarily due to the amortization of intangible assets from our acquisition.  The cash flow statement and balance sheet highlights are summarized on Page 8. We generated $784 million in cash from operations in the fourth quarter and ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and other liquid investments of $4.9 billion. The slide also summarizes our progress on our share repurchase program to both year-end 2011 and through last Friday.  Now let's turn to Slide 9. And let's discuss 2012, starting with an update of what we have seen for MasterCard processed volumes for the first quarter through January 28. Our first quarter volume grew about 17% globally, in line with the fourth quarter. This was driven by continued double-digit growth in all regions.  In Europe, cross-border growth remains in the mid-teens, with intra-regional growth continuing to outpace interregional growth as the European stay closer to home. In the U.S., cross-border growth remains about 11%, in line with the fourth quarter. Although not a perfect proxy for GDV, total U.S. processed volume grew about 13%, the same level that we saw in the fourth quarter, driven by continued strength in debit and commercial credit volume.  In January, total processed volume growth for the rest of the world was about 17%, in line with what we saw in the fourth quarter. European processed volume growth was in the mid-teens, consistent with the growth rates in the fourth quarter and only a bit below the third quarter. And globally, processed transaction growth was about 25%. This is higher than what we saw in the fourth quarter and was driven by higher growth in Europe due to the continued roll-on of domestic transactions in The Netherlands; and higher growth in the U.S. due to new debit wins such as Sovereign and Huntington; as well as an increase in PIN debit processing resulting from routing decisions. Just a reminder, insomuch that we continue to get additional PIN debit transactions, processed transaction growth will continue to outpace related revenue growth due to the lower yields that we're getting on PIN transactions.  Looking forward, let's start with our long-term financial objectives. We saw exceptional performance in the first year against our 3-year objectives for the 2011 to 2013 period. We remain confident that our business is capable of a 12% to 14% net revenue compounded annual growth rate and a 20%-plus EPS compounded annual growth rate for the next 2 years as well. These are, of course, on a constant-currency basis and based on the current economic conditions that we see in the world. We also remain committed to our annual margin target of at least 50%.  So based on what I've just told you, let me give you a few other thoughts, specifically about 2012. First, assuming the euro continues to trade at the 1.30 level and the Brazilian real at the 1.75 level for the rest of the year, we would expect about a 2 to 3 percentage point headwind to as-reported net revenue, net income and EPS growth for full year 2012.  Based on our current plan for 2012 strategic investments, we might have an opportunity to deliver some operating margin expansion this year. However, the amount of any improvement will depend on several factors, including global economic conditions and investment opportunities that may surface during the year.  Our plans currently call for G&A growing at a higher rate than A&M. We also expect our depreciation and amortization to grow by roughly another $30 million this year as a result of our strategic investment activity. And for modeling purposes, you should now assume a full-year tax rate slightly below 32%, as a result of our ongoing tax-planning initiatives.  Now let me turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Martina. We're now ready to begin the Q&A answer period. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Ajay, I appreciate the color on the merchant litigation. Just a follow-up on your comments there on interchange rates. Do you mean that you guys would consider some kind of short-term implications to the actual rate? And then just perhaps you could just follow up on the timeline going forward.
Ajay Banga: First of all, the details of this mediation are confidential, so I wouldn't assume that the opposite of what I said may come true. I just don't jump to any of these conclusions. I was just trying to take one topic of speculation off the table, which is what I was reading about in the speculation that is out there. That's all I was trying to provide some sort of insight to. So I'm afraid I can't give you any more than that. I also don't know anything about the timing, because these things are always -- they move around on you. And speculating on timing is not going to get me very far in this topic, so I'm away from that one either.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Glenn Fodor with Morgan Stanley.
Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just thinking about the incentive trajectory into fiscal '12, is there any noise you might want to call out relating to Key or any of these other debit wins that you alluded to? And secondly, there's been talk by your competitor about incentives increasing due to signing more global deals to longer multiyear agreements. Is that a trend that you're seeing? And if so, what's the long-term impact on your business?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Glenn, first of all, as you know, we are not really giving any guidance on the incentives and the rebates line alone. Our guidance includes that line item. So if you're coming down to net revenue -- and as I just said, we feel that this company is really capable of producing, for the remaining 2 years of our 3-year guidance, to 12% to 14% incentive. Anything that might have to move in the market, be it from what U.S. trends on the U.S. debit side or other deals, we have that obviously baked into our thoughts, but I'm not really prepared to break that apart.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Tom McCrohan with Janney Capital Markets.
Thomas C. McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: So just a question on the merchant -- outstanding merchant liquidation. Is there any outcome from that, that will put at risk the 12% to 14% guidance for revenue -- net revenues for the next 2 years?
Ajay Banga: Well, the way we've tried to give you that guidance includes our thinking of the merchant litigation as we put out into our earnings today. So that's kind of where we are. We've kind of factored our thinking in there. Obviously, if some unforeseen thing emerges from it, I can't speculate on that one. But the way it is built today, clearly, we factored that into our 12% to 14%.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And given the 12% cap that you guys disclosed before as far as your obligation of any monetary settlement, should that -- I want to make sure that the math's right. So based on that pretax special item this quarter, that assumes a monetary settlement about $6.5 billion?
Martina Hund-Mejean: So Tom, what we have to do, of course, we have to estimate the amount that we would be taking for a charge. And based on the facts of the table, based on the progress of the mediation, we had to develop a view on what kind of number we had to charge. And this is our best estimate in terms of the charge. And we have to see in terms of the development of the future of the mediation, in terms of where that might be going. But this is our best estimate as of today, and it does reflect the 12% share that MasterCard would have to carry in a potential settlement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Brendler with Stifel.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: On the KeyBanc relationship, I just want to make sure I understand that this is a PIN debit only. And can you give us any other thoughts or updates on your progress in securing PIN debit business? I guess my key question there is have you seen a lot of these banks that you're talking to make the decision on how they're going to address exclusivity? Or are they still wrestling with that decision at this point?
Ajay Banga: All right, Chris. First of all, KeyBanc. This incremental agreement with KeyBanc is to add PIN debit and is to move onto our IPS platform, where we also have an ATM relationship with them and a signature debit relationship with them, both of which have got renewed, along with this incremental move that I just talked about. So it's a much wider relationship with KeyBanc. As far as the other aspect is concerned, somewhere in my earlier comments, I talked about the fact that we've actually won these PIN deals with a couple of the very major U.S. banks, and we've actually begun to see some of those transactions. So while the banks are working their way through, let's say, complying with the non-exclusivity criterion, a number of them have began to make their decisions, and those are the ones that we have been able to talk about. So it's WIP, but progress is being made.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore Partners.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: If you exclude portfolio conversions and de-conversions from the fourth quarter of 2011, can you quantify underlying processed transaction growth year-over-year?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes. So mostly what we do, of course, on the de-conversions is from a debit perspective, right? And so when we -- there's very, very little movement in there from a de-conversion anymore, because we've pretty much concluded all of those. So it's really the roll-on for the new wins. And when you strip that out, you're coming kind of down to a number of the mid-teens versus the 23% growth that is the top line number.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Craig Maurer with CLSA.
Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Quick question for you on Europe. I was just hoping to get your initial thoughts on the Green Paper that was published in Europe and is now out for comment.
Ajay Banga: Craig, this is Ajay. Let me put it for you this way, right? The Green Paper which came out recently, they've got a 3-month consulting period. It ends in April 11. Basically, they're looking at all aspects of European card, Internet and mobile payments. They're saying -- they're coming from the viewpoint that there's not enough innovation, competition or integration in Europe, which is fascinating, given all the other things they're dealing with. But what this does is it identifies potential obstacles or barriers to further expansion of card, mobile and Internet payments and kind of says we got to do stuff with this. And it may actually lead to a legislative proposal later. But in contrast to what the EC seems to think, we see e-commerce and mobile payments are growing dramatically in Europe. Consumers are adapting new technologies. New players are coming in with different ways to pay. I don't see Europe lagging behind other regions in innovation, when you look at the complete picture. So that's where they're coming from. We share their goal to see commerce grow through more electronic payments on cards and mobile phones and over the Internet. And I think we have the ultimate open platform. We allow new entrants to compete. We result in more choice for consumers, more choice for merchants. We actually see ourselves as a part of the solution, and that's how we're approaching the working with them. We're kind of working with retailers, we're working with telcos, we're working with governments, we're working with software companies and a whole lot of other methodologies to make European payments simpler and easier. I don't think regulation is going to meet that need. It's just going to lead to more fragmentation, less innovation and probably will increase cost at the end of the day. So I'm not big on this stuff. I think we can work with them in a way to enable them to meet their needs of allowing more innovation, allowing an open system, allowing more people to play rather than trying to put up walls to close the system in some way. And that's our attitude towards the Green Paper: positive in terms of participation but not completely agreeing with the basic premises on which the paper was put out.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Glenn Greene with Oppenheimer.
Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Martina, I know you mentioned this in your prepared comments, but there's clearly -- with the disconnect between the transaction processing fee growth and the transaction processing fee is almost a 10-point delta. And I know you have the PIN transactions sort of driving that, but it seems like an inordinate disconnect, where it implies you had very healthy sort of PIN or Maestro transaction growth. And I'm actually surprised that it's sort of happening so quickly. Maybe a little bit of the color there.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, first of all, we are very happy that, that is happening quickly. So obviously people are making their decisions to get the benefit of these kind of decisions. But let me give you a little bit more detail on the difference between the 23 -- roughly 23% transaction growth and the roughly 12% transaction fee growth. So there's about a 9 percentage point difference, right, between the 2 numbers. And really 1/3 of that, so roughly 3 percentage points are due to the business that we are getting in the United States on the PIN side. And the remaining 6 percentage points are mostly due to what's still happening in The Netherlands, where we're still getting incremental transactions. There's a tiny little bit on Itaú in there, but that's more natural growth. But those are the 3 areas: the United States, The Netherlands and a little bit Itaú in Brazil that are really driving this differential. And as I've just told you about the January numbers, where we're seeing transaction growth of 25%, you should be starting to see an even bigger gap, just because what I told you, PIN transactions are coming in at a lower revenue yield. That is incremental revenue that we are making in our P&L.
Ajay Banga: Glenn, it's Ajay. Let me just add one aspect of that for you. As I said we've managed to get a couple of those major U.S. banks to use us for these PIN debit transactions. And clearly, you're seeing the beginning of the results of that, which is both the fact that we've got the deal with them but also the fact that we've been able to make the operational side of this come together relatively quickly. And that's the point I've been making for a couple of earnings calls, that if we do this well, there is some opportunity here for our company. The second thing is -- to add a little color to what Martina said about Europe, while The Netherlands has a very large impact on what we're doing, finally the SEPA conversions are beginning to show results over the last few quarters. In the fourth quarter of 2011, processing for domestic transactions in SEPA grew 256% over the same quarter last year. For the year 2011, we're up 155%. These are still all small numbers, but the fact is that all that SEPA regulation change is finally beginning to give us some opportunity.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros of Goldman Sachs.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So just real quickly on the merchant side. Haven't really heard you guys talk too much about your efforts in -- on the merchant margin side. So any color there in terms of routing exclusivity, as we think about the merchants and their ability to influence, post Durbin here?
Ajay Banga: Well, the fact is we have -- as I told you earlier, we're looking at all this strategically. We're not trying to put out some master policy statement on how we're going, either at the big banks, or the smaller banks, or the merchants. We're actually talking to all of them. And clearly, from the answer to the previous question, you can see some benefit in our processed transaction growth from what's going on at PIN transaction in the United States, that 3% incremental that Martina referred too. So this is kind of what we're doing. I'm just not going to be out publicly talking much more about it. I'm just going to keep looking at it strategically.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Hochstim with Buckingham Research.
David S. Hochstim - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Two things. Can you just clarify what you were saying before about signing PIN business with top 25 banks? So in addition to Key in the fourth quarter, did you sign some others as a second PIN network?
Ajay Banga: Yes. So what I said was that there's a couple of major U.S. banks. We have signed with them to become the alternative PIN brand at the back of their card. And the result of that is showing up in the 3% incremental process transactions that Martina referred to in the total increase. So that's kind of the basic idea that I was trying to say. What I was talking about in the 25 banks was a different context. I was saying that as most people talk about the 25 large banks. But I was also trying to talk about the independent banks and credit unions and the business we are building with them, not just in PIN debit but also in credit and signature debit.
David S. Hochstim - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then can you just give us any color that you -- changes in the spending behavior in credit in the U.S. and in Europe maybe that occurred in the fourth quarter? And did gasoline have much of an effect in changing spending?
Ajay Banga: Not very on spending. Gasoline, actually, Martina would tell you a little bit about, but not really any change in behavior either on credit in the U.S. or Europe. Or for that matter -- because I'm assuming somebody will ask that, or for that matter between signature and PIN behavior in the United States. So it's early days, so I don't know where that could go. But right now, I'm not seeing anything.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, gas, we really haven't seen any changed behavior. The numbers, in terms of total volume in the U.S. that is spent on gas purchases is still 8%. From a transaction point of view, it's still around about 15%. So that -- sometimes it bounces a little up and down in the quarter, but we really haven't seen anything much different. I just want to add one more thing on the PIN business side, David, because there are also some things that we're seeing as the exclusivity on the back of the card went away. For instance, on the regional networks, we're obviously seeing some of that business too, because people are deciding to move to us rather than through the networks enrolled in [ph] the card originally. So that's a little bit of a benefit for us.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller with Barclays.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Ajay, first of all, thanks for the comments and the color on the U.S. interchange. I think that goes a long way for a lot of investors. But maybe just talk a little more about the regulatory environment in Europe for a minute, especially on a related-to-it topic. In regard to the cross-border interchange lawsuit. I know we're coming kind of close to a conclusion there. We're expecting a ruling from the EU at some point, maybe in the next 6 months. Any concerns over that? Or maybe even -- any expectations of further intervention by country-specific regulators around this topic, in the topic of interchange in Europe?
Ajay Banga: Look, right now, this matter is sitting in the court, so it's kind of difficult for me to tell you what's new between the time we finished the court hearings and now. So nothing new [ph] has come to us. We're not a party to any discussion of the court since then. We're all sitting there and waiting for them to come to a conclusion based on all the arguments that were presented. We continue to believe we had a good argument, and we presented it with clarity. But we're going to wait and see what happens. There has been very little change at a country-by-country level, to answer the second part of your question. It's really more focused on the commission's ruling, the court's ruling but also the Green Paper, which by the way, came out around the same time and is actually not quite connected. That's a separate conversation, but both things are going on in Europe right now.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Nomura.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Hypothetically speaking, what kind of impact do you think that the elimination of a no-surcharging rule could have? And if, hypothetically, something like that were on the table, would there be any reason for concern over an unlevel playing field with Amex?
Ajay Banga: So hypothetically speaking, I have no clue, because I genuinely believe -- I'll tell you my personal belief in this. My personal belief is payment systems work less but best with least friction. Whenever you introduce friction, you always create the opportunity for consumers and merchants to feel less than perfect about their transaction. That's kind of an obvious statement. Having said that, in different countries, where surcharging was allowed, it's not as though every merchant has jumped onto the bandwagon to actually introduce a surcharge. That's partly because of the fact that they do see the value of electronic payment system from their perspective. And it's partly because at the end of the day, I believe that there is a good competitive situation out there for merchants, and they have to watch their own competitive circumstances versus other merchants. And I think that rule will come to play in some stable way, once the clarity around hypothetical surcharging becomes clearer. That's kind of how I think about this. I don't like friction, but it is what it is. And as far as the Amex angle is concerned, again, your question assumes that the surcharging applies to some and not the others. And I don't know if that's a hypothetical move too far. So I don't know yet where that will go, right, so we'll see. But that's kind of where I'm coming out on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust.
Andrew W. Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Martina, you've mentioned -- and I appreciate the difference in revenue yield on PIN debit versus other forms of payment. Yet in the fourth quarter, your net revenue yield was up nicely. Is there something else kind of going on there that we should be thinking about, whether it's mix or pricing or some other dynamic that might be overall offsetting what would be an otherwise lower revenue yield?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Look, first of all, just to take the pricing comment out of the room here. There was only very little pricing in our numbers. It was about 1.5% on total revenues, okay? So that -- yes, it does impact a little bit, but it's not a big deal. The -- what's really also happening is that we obviously earn money both from a transaction point of view, as well as from other businesses that are driving our revenues. And they're not related to GDV. So for instance, what you see -- what our DataCash revenues are adding, what our Access Prepaid revenues are adding, what our consulting business is actually adding, that's not related to the volume driver. So you will see -- as we are growing those kind of businesses, you would see some of these yields increasing. And that would be then when you just look at our main processing business. We said over time, you should be seeing a slight decline in the yield, as we're getting more and more transactions and volume growth, and as we are incenting customers to run more volume over our network. We have to look at those 2 sides. And when you put them together, you really have to pull them apart.
Ajay Banga: That's why I say once in awhile revenue yield is not the single metric you should use. Because in addition to what Martina just described, you've got the mix of cross-border volume, you've got geographic mix, you've got product mix. Yield is a composite of many things. And only one element of it is the PIN debit contribution to our total revenue, which clearly has a lower yield as we've said -- but not a lower profitability, just a lower revenue yield.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Jefferies.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Nice to see what I think most people would consider to be effectively a guidance raise here, as you're taking the top and bottom line CAGRs out for the next 2 years. Can you just talk about the general factors that gave you guys the confidence to do that at this point in time? You obviously had an extraordinary 2011, which does create a tough comparison. And as you guys discussed, there's still some macro uncertainty to cope with, so I think it's all the more encouraging to see what you guys had to say for the 2012, 2013 period. Maybe if you can just give us some of the underlying factors that are driving the outlook, that would be great.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So look, Jason, we are always going back to what we call the 3 concentric circles that we showed you at the Investor Day, right? First of all, PCE. And where PCE in the world is a really important driver for all our baseline growth. And there we made the comment that the United States is feeling a little bit better. We're not really seeing much pain coming through at the moment in Europe, but we're going to have to watch very closely, because of the consumer confidence falling. Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Middle East, Africa is still behaving very nicely. So we're feeling relatively comfortable in terms of where we put our mark from a PCE point of view for those 2 years, as well as from a longer-term point of view. Number two, as you know, we are really going after converting cash to electronic forms of payment. 85% of the world's transactions are still done in cash. There is a lot of room to be working. I mean, you look at what our products people do and our services people, how they help, we are all focused on making sure that, that 85% goes down to 80% to 75%. Last but not least, we obviously want more than our fair share of that, right? So our last focus is how do we behave in the marketplace, how do we get profitable market share and how do we put products out there, so that we are actually successful doing that. So don't forget about those 3 things. And even if one of those things -- so the PCE number goes up and down depending on where the world is going, we still have the 2 other things to drive. That's what you see us do in 2011, and we feel, based on where we are today -- I always have to reiterate, this is a "today" comment, okay? We feel that the next 2 years are looking good from that range point of view.
Ajay Banga: Let me add a little bit to that, Jason. I think of those 3 circles just like I was talking about the revenue yield earlier. I think of these as composites that come together. They are almost like multiple legs of our stool that we control as we play our game of management. And so yes, I don't control PCE growth. But given where we are today, in Martina's comments, the U.S., Latin America and Asia and Middle East look okay. Europe looks okay today. But history of them, that when consumer sentiment begins to go down, 3 or 4 quarters down the road, it begins to show up. So I'm a little less -- more cautious about that than I am about the other regions. But then I'm very focused on all the things I've been telling you for the 1 or 2 years on changing the cash versus e-commerce ratio. What's the electronic commerce ratio? Hence the things with the Social Security in the U.S., or with the Punjab government in India, or within Russia, or things they're doing in Italy with the post office. All those add up to trying to take away the traditional sanctuaries of cash and look at getting them to come to us. Now in any one transaction, they don't change the needle. But when you do it consistently over a period of 2 or 3 years, it does change what numbers we operate off. And then, of course, there's the market share gain, which -- we are competitive guys. We like to win some good market share. And that's the third angle. So all 3 give us a balance in the different legs to our stool.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bob Napoli with William Blair.
Robert P. Napoli - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Facebook released their S-1 yesterday. I'm sure you knew that. But in their S-1, they showed $500 million of payment revenue. And I wondered if -- most of that tied to virtual games. And I just wondered if that surprised you and just kind of what -- how you work with Facebook and how the economics are. And if -- their focus on the payments market is -- and do you view that more as an opportunity for MasterCard or a concern?
Ajay Banga: Well, they've got their revenue actually -- I've read the S-1 in great detail and was interested in the Facebook IPO from a personal perspective as well. I think it's an interesting development. The -- I'm not surprised at all by their payments revenue, because how do you load the Facebook credit right now? You do it through various ways, which includes our card. So I cannot see that data, and I understand it. I actually think that for us, working with them is a huge opportunity, just as it is for other people as well. We're not the only -- we're not the only girls at the dance, there's others too. And so we're all chatting with them, and we're all trying to do business with them. And we do some things with them already. And we're going to be doing more with them I'm sure as the years go by. So it's the same approach I have with a lot of other opportunities. I think new technology is an absolute opportunity for MasterCard if we engage with it and we work with it well. We share the same questions on telecom companies 2 years ago, and we've shown you over 2 years. We engaged with them. We worked with them. And in fact, they realize our value, we realize their value, and there's a business to be made in working the 85% of transactions that still are out there that's coming to electronic commerce. And so there's a much bigger space out there than getting worried by the risks. I think it's an opportunity every day of the week.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois with Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just wanted to talk about the long-term plan on the operating margin front. It seems like you're saying today that there's possible room for some margin expansion in 2012. But I also wanted -- after 2012, I mean, are you saying that we shouldn't be expecting margin expansion after 2012? So if you could just clarify, what's the swing factor that matters the most for margins in 2012? And then what's your current plan for post 2012 on the margin front?
Ajay Banga: Rod, I'll try explaining this again. My approach to operating margin came out of the context when we were originally saying we would expand our margin by 800 basis points every year. All I was trying to do was to say, given this 85% of cash out there, given the unbelievable opportunity in this industry, I would rather keep the margin at a very healthy minimum of 50% and take the money that generates for the company with our revenue growth and with that leverage in our P&L and put it towards making tomorrow even better for our company, as compared to merely taking the 50% to 52% to 54% to 56% to 58%. That's the context in which I gave it. I've also said that if revenues are doing better, I'll let that flow straight through to margin, which I've done over the course of 2011. And that's kind of how I think about it. So in 2012, right now, we feel pretty good about the fact that we can get deliver more than the 50%. We're even telling you we may actually be able to deliver more than what we ended 2011 with as a year. But if investment opportunities come up that today we have not foreseen, and if the economy looks to be in decent shape, and I feel that's a good risk-to-reward tradeoff, I'm going to use some of that money to still meet my commitment to you, while putting it into the long term. That's the angle with which I look at operating margin. I look at revenue growth and net income and EPS growth as the 2 things that are the gating factors. I look at the operating margin as if I can keep at least 50, which I think is an extremely healthy place to be, then put whatever I can get back into growth. If I can't think of good ideas, it goes right back to you as the shareholder. That's the perspective on operating margin.
Martina Hund-Mejean: So Rod, for each one of the years that we have in the 3-year guidance, we said a 50%-plus operating margin. And look, in 2011, yes, we had a little bit of a margin improvement, but we did precisely what Ajay said. We didn't run after that particular margin improvement. We had a certain set of facts on the top line. We made the investments that we believe we need to make in order to actually make a better future for the company in the -- for the company to come. And that's the investments that we did. So the operating margin is really a result of those kind of managerial decisions. And every year will be a little different on that, but we are focused on making sure that we at least keep this very healthy 50%.
Ajay Banga: Plus.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Plus.
Ajay Banga: Correct.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just one final question. And this is probably a quick one. Visa has a common switch strategy and a network participation fee. We know that there's not much detail on how those things will be implemented. But can you assert today a plan on what MasterCard will do on the common switch front or on the network participation fee front or is it premature for you to assert [ph] ?
Ajay Banga: I told you when you were here. Yes, yes, look, I told you when you were here, we actually can -- thanks to what we do with Maestro, by the way. That's exactly how it works. So it's not that we can't do that. I'll say that to you again and again, we can do it. It's not a revelation to us. So just so you get that context, we have the ability, the capability and the operational competence in our technology. And we've been doing it for years in Europe and elsewhere, where Maestro is used. As far as the network participation fee, or a merchant strategy or a detailed strategy around Durbin is concerned, I don't feel that I need to go out with a blanket statement of a strategy, because I'm not the one protecting the incumbency. Somebody else is. And so in their shoes, I may well have done what they're doing. But I'm not in their shoes, fortunately, this time. And so I'm doing it my way. And my way is showing up in the processed transaction growth that you're seeing. And so that's what I'm going to say. I'm not going to be able to give you much more, unfortunately.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Deutsche Bank.
Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just looking at the First Data spin track, PIN debit has been taking some share for signature. But I think you said, Ajay, that you hadn't really seen that. I guess maybe do you expect PIN to be taking some share versus signature? And I saw the EMV announcement you guys made this week. It sounds like you guys are open to chip and PINs. So I would assume that PIN would be -- could be increasing in the future.
Ajay Banga: So you're actually onto a very interesting topic, which I -- which is fascinating. Truly, I haven't seen that change. Part of that is because, remember, we were starting from a smaller place, so for me I'm getting some incremental volume in the door. And I haven't really seen a big move today between PIN and signature. Now let's step back from today, because today is still only a few months after the Durbin and non-exclusivity rules went into play. There's so many things going on right now in that space. Think about -- there's no real incentive for a merchant to move from one to the other, because the merchant discount rate has just got equalized. I mean, interchange for the issuer got equalized. So nobody's got an incentive to push one way or the other, given the way it is today. But if you look out further, if you think about creating a payment ecosystem for mobile payments, for electronic payments, out a few years, we really believe that EMV is the right way to go. Now what we're trying to do is rather than mandate it is to consult with merchants, issuers and other partners, which we have done systematically over the last few months, and then finally said let's create the right incentives for people to go to the best way in the long-term, which would be the most secure way, which would be that way of going to EMV and PIN. And that's the chip and PIN angle that we're trying to put out there. I see this as a journey. I don't see it as a -- as it'll happen tomorrow or day after. I think it's a journey. And what we're trying to lay out in that EMV announcement is where we think the journey would lead to. I can't tell you today how long it will take to get there, because I suspect some issuers and some merchants will roll on quicker, others will roll on slower. They all have their own compunctions, and I kind of understand that. So that's where I'm coming from.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Greg Smith with Sterne Agee.
Greg Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Martina, I'm still confused about the transaction processing fees, the fact that they declined sequentially in the fourth quarter. I understand the pricing impact and everything, but was there -- or the PIN debit impact. Was there any sort of issuers hitting new pricing tiers or anything else going on that could have impacted that revenue line item?
Martina Hund-Mejean: No. We have seasonality, that's typical. You have to really -- you shouldn't look at this sequentially. You really have to look at that versus the year-ago quarter, and that's where I made my remarks that you really have to compare the 23% transaction processing growth versus the 12% transaction fee growth.
Greg Smith - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And let me just sneak in one last one. Just as we think about moving to chip cards in the U.S. and mobile, globally, how should we think about that impacting MasterCard's economics broadly over the next few years?
Ajay Banga: Favorably, I'm hoping. That's where I'm coming from. So I hope to participate in it. I hope to get more volume out of the conversion of cash. I hope to get most secure transactions for my partners in the merchant world and the issuer world. That's kind of where I'm going with it, yes.
Martina Hund-Mejean: It's all part of driving our top line the way that we talked about it.
Operator: I'd now like to hand the call back over to our CEO, Ajay, for closing remarks.
Ajay Banga: Thank you. So let me leave you with just a few quick closing thoughts. And thank you all for those questions, folks.  We had a terrific 2011. Our financial performance was driven by strength, not just in our base business, as well as tremendous execution by our employees across our regions, which led to some significant business wins. And that's the 3 concentric circle discussion that Martina got into. At the same time, we have made targeted investments and partnerships in our strategic focus areas. And I hope by doing that, what we're doing is to lay the foundation for longer-term growth.  For the year ahead, we're very mindful of concerns around how the European economy will fare and any knock-on effects around the world. The main effect on this -- the main impact of this would obviously be on that global consumer spending growth. But PCE is only one of our growth drivers, the other 2 being the proportion of electronic-to-cash payments and our share of that electronic portion. Those 2 areas are where we are focused.  We will continue to execute at a local level to displace cash by driving issuance, acceptance in new categories and by delivering the benefits of electronic payments to more people, more institutions and more merchants. We're trying to ensure that we capture more than our fair share of payments growth.  So once again, thank you for your participation. Thank you for your support for our company, and thank you for your time today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Gasper - IR Ajay Banga - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of MasterCard International and President of Mastercard International Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division David S. Hochstim - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley, Research Division David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Robert P. Napoli - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2011 MasterCard Earnings Conference Call. My name is Chantalay, and I will be your facilitator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Ms. Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Chantalay. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today, either by phone or webcast, for a discussion about our third quarter 2011 financial results. With me on the call today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, we will open up the call for your questions. This morning's earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. The earnings release and slide deck have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A dial-in replay of this call will be available for one week, through November 9. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today's call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our most recent SEC filings. With that, I will now turn the call over to our CEO, Ajay Banga. Ajay?
Ajay Banga: Thank you, Barbara. Good morning, everybody. As usual, before Martina gets into the details of our results, let me start with some comments. In the third quarter, we saw net revenue growth of 27% or 24% on a constant currency basis. This helped fuel operating income growth of 31% and EPS growth of 43%. We're obviously pleased with our results this quarter, including our fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit volume growth, as well as the highest growth rate in process transactions since the IPO in 2006. Each region posted healthy volume growth with the strongest growth in Latin America and Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Africa. Volume growth in the U.S. of almost 14% was led by strong debit results aided by the roll on of business wins and double-digit increases in our commercial credit business. Despite persistently high unemployment rates and a weak housing market that has resulted in the low levels of consumer sentiment that we all read about, we are still seeing the consumer spend. Our U.S. consumer credit volume grew 4%, and debit volume grew about 22%. This is consistent, by the way, with our SpendingPulse data that shows retail sales growth x auto has remained for the most part between 8% to 9% year-over-year in the recent months. Certainly, some of this increase is due to inflationary pressures such as higher gas prices and food inflation, but it's still money that consumers are spending. However, the comparison will become more difficult starting in November as U.S. retail sales x auto were up by over 5% in November and December of 2010 versus last year's spring-summer period when the comparable number was only about 1%. Moving on to Europe. Our performance there is driven by healthy cross-border volume growth and new domestic processing businesses in the Netherlands. Given the sovereign and banking debt concerns in Europe, we are surprised that consumer sentiment is low, and we will continue to watch it as Europe tries to get closer to a plan that should go some way towards alleviating these issues. But in spite of the economic headlines, we are still seeing a significant opportunity from the secular shift to electronic payments in Europe. In Latin America and APMEA, we continue to benefit from strong cross-border volume growth, which is above 20% in each of these regions. Additionally, new business of Itaú is driving growth in Brazil. While both regions are still performing strongly, the issues faced by some of the world's largest economies could begin to impact sentiment and confidence in these emerging markets. Given our growth this quarter, it is clear that this economic uncertainty is not yet showing up in our business results. However, we will continue to keep a watchful eye, given that the signals remain mixed. At the same time, we are very much focused on what we can influence and control, and that is winning deals and market share. We also continue to see growth opportunity in the ongoing migration of cash to electronic commerce and this is what we are dedicating our resources to. Before I get to our business highlights, I'd like to give you a brief update on the regulatory and litigation fronts. So first of all, although changes to debit interchange became effective on October 1, there are still a lot of moving pieces in the U.S. debit landscape. All issuers continue to work through their internal decisions as to how to make their debit cards compliant from a PIN mark perspective. Merchants, issuers and acquirers continue to seek incentives for routing preferences. Our perspective remains unchanged from what you heard Chris McWilton and me said on last quarter's earnings call and at our September investor meeting. We are in a completely different competitive situation from others in the debit space and do not have the need to defend a large incumbent position. We are focused on 4 objectives within our U.S. debit business: first, to retain our existing placement on the minority of our debit portfolios that are exclusive MasterCard debit portfolios. It's important to remember most MasterCard debit portfolios are already Durbin rule compliant. Second, to get Maestro as the PIN debit brand on the back of competitive debit cards; third, to continue to convert competitive portfolios to MasterCard as we have done with SunTrust, Sovereign and the recently announced Huntington Bank; fourth, to win routing preference with selected merchants and acquirers. Now with this in mind, we remain focused on strategic and surgical opportunities that make sense for us. A deal-specific approach is what we believe is needed to give us the flexibility to navigate the complexities around PIN enablement and routing that exist in the market right now. Remember that revenue yield on PIN volume was thin even before Durbin and will become even thinner after paying routing incentives. As a result, debit volume growth rates will exceed revenue growth rates as this space unfolds. Recall also that lower revenue yield does not necessarily equate to lower operating margin. Given the scalability of our network, we are able to process these additional transactions at a very low incremental cost, and therefore, we will be strategic and selective when considering situations where we are willing to pay enhanced economics for routing. So now let me take a few moments to provide you an update on litigation. You will recall that last February, they announced a judgment and settlement sharing agreement in the MDL case, which capped our percentage of financial exposure at 12% of the monetary portion of a judgment of settlement that will involve Visa, MasterCard and the bank defendants. We've also been involved in court recommended mediations, and while we have made substantial progress with the individual merchant plaintiffs, there has not been similar progress with the class plaintiffs. And based on developments in the mediation process, MasterCard has extrapolated an estimate of a reasonably possible loss of at least $500 million if there is a negotiated settlement with all plaintiffs. At this time, it is not possible to put an upper limit on this loss due to the significantly higher demand by the class plaintiffs, which are unacceptable to MasterCard. You will see our updated disclosure on this matter in the 10-Q, which we shall file later today. In the meantime, we continue to execute our strategy and I have several business highlights to share with you. First in prepaid. In the U.S., MasterCard has been awarded 60% of all competitive public sector programs measured by volume during the last 18 months. These represent $16 billion in GDV, one of the most recent of these which has been launched under the state of South Carolina Department of Social Services for child support benefits, and this is addition to the state of Illinois unemployment benefits program that we previously announced that is now launched and others that are coming in this area. But prepaid is not only a tool for financial inclusion and benefits distribution. There is a value proposition here for various segments of bank customers as well. So I'll give you an example in Italy where we have 2 prepaid programs recently introduced to talk about. The first is a youth-focused product that is designed in partnership with Intesa Sanpaolo and is based on opening branches called Superflash, which by the way is also the name of a popular credit card they launched. Three branches are already open. The focus is on simplicity and convenience, young staff, by the way, noncash handling branches, although they do have some ATMs, and several more branches are being opened in 8 cities in Italy. And the product involves other young or appeal brands for youth such as Nike, Sony and Vespa 500,000 cards have already been issued. The second is a PayPass-enabled prepaid card co-branded with Vodafone as an extension of its loyalty program and actually the introduction of NFC technology to their customers. And we continue to have success with IPS, our processing platform and Access Prepaid, the program management business of Travelex that we bought, 2 extensions of our prepaid capabilities. We have launched in Australia and issued multicurrency prepaid MasterCard running on the IPS and Access Prepaid platforms. This card is capable of holding up to 7 currencies at the same time. It's distributed through Flight Centre, a major travel agent chain in Australia. Thomas Cook, the largest travel-related financial services company in India will be issuing MasterCard prepaid cards. This is actually the first time that the Reserve Bank of India has allowed a nonbank institution to issue foreign exchange prepaid cards. So now let's turn to debit. Just a few moments ago, I mentioned about Huntington converting its debit portfolio to MasterCard. That started in early October. Old cards will be deactivated no later than the end of November. In Italy, on the domestic processing front, this is actually interesting. We have signed a multi-year agreement with the first major Italian bank to migrate cards that are currently co-branded with the domestic scheme to Maestro only. The conversion is expected to ramp up in the first quarter of 2012. And in India, we are collaborating with the Ministry of Food and Civil Supplies for the Government of Punjab to establish an electronic procurement and payment system, which will improve the efficiency and actually help to decrease the cost of their current manual system, which involves an annual outlay of $6.5 billion. Also on the government front, we have launched 2 commercial credit programs in partnership with the Mexican government and Banamex, Citigroup's bank in Mexico to migrate that DND expenditure to MasterCard from nonelectronic forms of payment. And while on credit, let me mention during the quarter, we renewed our consumer and commercial credit agreement with EnterCard, a leading credit card player in the Nordics. It's built on our recent success in debit with Swedbank that we all talked about last quarter. In Latin America, we are making really good progress with Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria known as BBVA with whom we previously signed a multi-year relationship covering 9 markets. BBVA is issuing MasterCard black cards in each of its 9 South American markets. This product will displace a competitive product over time. And in Argentina, just last month, MasterCard has begun to switch all of BBVA's credit transactions, the first bank actually among the leading international banks in the country to shift its domestic switching to our network. In the U.S., we signed a multi-year renewal of our consumer credit business with RBS Citizens, continuing an already strong relationship. Working in partnership with Citizens, we've actually delivered a lot of innovation to their consumers, including a recent launch of inControl functionality for small business clients in their commercial portfolio and the use of MasterCard Advisors to improve the performance of other card product portfolios, and while in the U.S., Citi, American Airlines and MasterCard have launched a Citi Executive AAdvantage World Elite MasterCard, its highest level offering in this co-brand relationship. This is actually a chip-enabled card with benefits such as Admirals Club membership, priority check-in, waived baggage charges. So now let's get to mobile. We continue to build our partnership in Telefónica, including a strategic alliance launch co-brand credit products in 11 countries around Latin America and the Carribean. And in fact, we've just launched a Mobistar co-brand card in Mexico, the first in this market to target mobile phone users with enhanced mobile benefits. We are working with Etisalat, the leading telecommunication provider in the United Arab Emirates on a contactless mobile payment solution that will launch in the first quarter of 2012, and while on the topic of contactless payments, let me take a minute and discuss some PayPass highlights from around the world. PayPass has been implemented in over 37 countries and now is accepted at over 341,000 merchant locations and growing. This is a product that started out in the card form factor. It's increasingly being deployed as part of mobile handset, and at our recent Investor Day, those of you who were there saw it as part of a mobile solution and experienced the benefits it can deliver to consumers. For merchants, it speeds checkout. For issuers, it adds functionality to help drive top of wallet behavior and retention. In Canada, virtually all created 90% of MasterCard cards are PayPass enabled, and roughly 10% of total MasterCard transactions are contactless. In July, we added acceptance of McDonald's adding another 1,400 locations in Canada. In Australia, the majority of banks that issue MasterCard are also issuing PayPass-enabled MasterCards. There is acceptance in major retailers including JB Hi-Fi, Bunnings, 7-Eleven, Caltex, Dimex and McDonald's. Acceptance continues to grow in transit categories, in cinemas, in stadiums, and there are additional large chains that will add terminals. We just can't announce their names yet, but watch this space. There's more to come. And our largest issuer in Australia, Commonwealth Bank has just launched an iPhone app called Kaching that works in conjunction with the special iPhone case to enable PayPass transactions. In the U.K., not only is the transport for London implementing open payments, but the nation's largest bus and rail operator, FirstGroup, has also announced nationwide rollout of contactless acceptance in buses. These are cash-heavy channels that will be replaced with electronic payments. In Poland, we just reached 1 million PayPass transactions per month. The PayPass acceptance locations in Poland are counted in the tens of thousands and include IKEA as an example who is also a partner in a PayPass-enabled co-brand credit card. And in the U.S., we continue to see merchant interest in contactless as a result of the next wave of innovation that's happening with contactless mobile devices. Just recently, several merchants have signed on to add PayPass acceptance, including Walgreens, Macy's, Subway, OfficeMax, The Container Store, Toys"R"Us, Jamba Juice, Peet's Coffee, American Eagle, Foot Locker, Guess, and there's more to come. Now let me turn the call over to Martina for a detailed update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin on Page 3 of the deck, which shows our reported results versus last year's third quarter. As you just heard, we had a terrific quarter. Net revenue grew over 27% driven by very strong volume and transaction growth across our base business, as well as the addition of new deals. Acquisitions contributed about 4 percentage points to this growth, resulting in a very robust top line growth rate of almost 24%, excluding acquisitions. Total operating expenses were up 23.1%, which included about 9 percentage points of expenses related to acquisitions. Therefore, expense growth, excluding acquisitions, was just under 15%. Foreign exchange contributed less than 4 percentage points to net revenue growth and just over 2 percentage points to operating expense growth. The FX impact is the same for growth rates with and without acquisitions. Operating income was up 30.9%. This resulted in an operating margin for the quarter of 55.1%, up from 53.6% in last year's third quarter. Bottom line, we delivered net income of $717 million, up over 38% and diluted earnings per share of $5.63, up almost 43%. Now on the next couple of slides, representing the operational metrics for the third quarter of 2011 compared to the same quarter a year ago. So if you go to Page 4, you can see that worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV was up 18.1% on a local currency basis or 23.4% on a U.S. dollar converted basis. This is the highest quarterly growth rate we have seen in more than 4 years. U.S. volume growth was 13.6%, and outside of the U.S., volume growth was 20.4% on a local currency basis, including about 25% growth in Latin America and Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Africa. Worldwide credit volume grew 14.9% on a local currency basis, which breaks into 7.1% growth for the United States and 18% for the rest of the world. Worldwide debit volume grew 24.2% on a local currency basis. In the U.S., debit growth was 21.6%, and outside of the U.S., debit growth was 26.3%. Cross-border volume growth on a local currency basis was up 19.3%. That's actually the seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit growth, and in fact, we had double-digit growth in every region. Turning now to Slide 5. Processed transactions were up 20.5% compared with the year-ago quarter to $7 billion. This was the fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth and the highest quarterly growth rate for processed transactions since we went public in 2006. All regions contributed to this growth, but let me point out some specific examples that are related to new deals that have now started to lap. In the U.S., we continue to benefit from the new debit business such as SunTrust, which converted to MasterCard starting in the fourth quarter of 2010. In Europe, processed transactions are still increasing as a result of new business in the Netherlands that we began to see earlier this year. And in Latin America, we are seeing more transactions from our expanded processing relationship with Itaú in Brazil, which began to lap in September. Now global card growth was 7.8% to $1.7 billion MasterCard and Maestro cards. So now let's turn to Page 6 to discuss revenue growth versus last year's third quarter in a bit more detail. The net revenue generated outside of the United States represents about 62% of total revenue compared with 59% last year. This shift was driven by revenues growing at a higher rate outside of the United States, about 33% compared with 19% growth for U.S. revenue. Let me turn to the components of net revenue. Domestic assessments increased 25.5%, primarily due to strong volume growth. Cross-border volume fees increased 7.4%, but if you exclude the impact of the October 2010 cross-border pricing structure change, these fees actually increased about 23%, driven by double-digit cross-border volume growth in all regions. Transaction processing fees grew 26.1%, driven largely by growth in processed transactions due to new business in Latin America, Europe and in the U.S. Other revenues grew 41.3%, driven mainly by the inclusion of revenues from the acquisition of Access Prepaid Worldwide. In total, gross revenue increased by $432 million or 22.2%. Now rebates and incentives were $564 million, up $42 million or 8.1%. However, the increase was about $110 million or roughly 25% when adjusted for the cross-border pricing change that I've referenced just earlier. This increase was due to stronger volume performance and the impact of new and renewed deals. Remember that going forward, this pricing structure will largely be in the base as we made the change in October of last year. Overall, third quarter revenue came in higher than we expected, primarily due to stronger Brazilian processing and cross-border inbound travel to the U.S. However, please note that at this point, we do not expect these 2 factors to contribute at this level to fourth quarter revenue growth, and I will speak more about this in my thoughts for 2011, which comes a bit later. Now moving to Page 7. Let's go through some detail on expenses. So within total operating expenses, general and administrative expenses increased 27.3% or 25.2% on a constant currency basis. Now this growth was primarily due to higher personnel and other expenses related to strategic growth initiatives such as mobile, e-commerce and information services and the inclusion of acquisitions. In total, acquisitions contributed about 10 percentage points to G&A growth. Advertising and marketing expense was up 9.8% or 6.8% on an FX adjusted basis. Sponsorships such as the Rugby World Cup held a couple of weeks ago in New Zealand, as well as promotional activity in support of strategic initiatives accounted for most of the increase. Depreciation and amortization increased 38.9%, primarily due to the amortization of intangible assets from our recent acquisitions. As a result, we posted operating income growth of 30.9% or 26.3% on a constant currency basis. Below the line, there are a couple of items to highlight. We recorded other income of $28 million, primarily due to the realized gains on the sale of investment and an adjustment to the earn-out related to the Access Prepaid acquisition. We consider most of these items to be more of on a onetime nature. We saw additional benefit from a decrease in interest accretion now that we made the last AmEx litigation payment in the second quarter of 2011. Also, our tax rate declined to 30.5% in the third quarter from 32.3% in the year-ago period. While there were some puts and takes in terms of discrete tax items, the year-over-year decline was primarily due to a more favorable geographic mix of earnings, which resulted from the expansion of our operation in APMEA. The cash flow statement and balance sheet highlights are summarized on Page 8. We generated $1 billion in cash from operations in the third quarter and ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalent and other liquid investments of $4.4 billion. We repurchased about 250,000 shares of Class A stock during the third quarter at a cost of approximately $77 million. Year-to-date through October 27, we have repurchased approximately 4.4 million shares of Class A common stock at a cost of approximately $257 per share. This leaves $879 million remaining of the $2 billion in total share repurchase authorization. We will continue to look to repurchase shares on an opportunistic basis. So with that, let me turn to Slide 9, and let's discuss 2011, starting with an update of what we have seen from MasterCard processed volume for the fourth quarter through October 28. Our cross-border volumes grew 17% globally, and that's slightly below the 18%, 19% growth we have seen over the last four quarters. This is driven by somewhat tougher comparisons, particular in the U.S. as well as in Latin America. Although not a perfect proxy for GDV, total U.S. processed volume grew 13%, similar to the level that we saw in the third quarter. Recall that U.S. processed volume was flat in October of 2010 as a result of the conversion. Total processed volume growth outside of the United States was 18% versus the 22% pace we have seen in the recent quarters, due in part to the Itaú volume beginning to lap in September. And globally, processed transaction growth of about 20% is in line with what we have seen in the third quarter, and this was driven by slightly higher growth in Europe, slightly lower growth in Latin America and continued and double-digit growth in the United States and APMEA. So let me outline our current view for 2011, which remains fairly consistent with what we talked about on September 15 at our Investor Day. While we expect revenue growth in the second half to be higher than the first half of the year on a constant currency basis, we believe the majority of that impact came in the third quarter. This is because a number of deals are coming to their one-year anniversary such as SunTrust, which began to convert in the fourth quarter of last year; Itaú processing, which began late in the third quarter of 2010; as well as the lapping of the DataCash acquisition, which you might recall closed at the end of October last year. Additionally, the year-over-year growth rate for cross-border travel into the United States could be slightly lower in the fourth quarter and the level we saw in the third quarter because of tougher comps in the fourth quarter this year. As a result of all of these factors, revenue growth comparisons become a bit tougher in the fourth quarter. Regarding foreign exchange rates, if you assume the euro trades at an average of $1.36 per euro, we should see minimal FX impact to fourth quarter revenue growth, though we continue to expect a full year tailwind of roughly 2 percentage points to net revenue growth. We remain committed to our target of a minimum 50% annual operating margin and continue to expect only a small operating margin expansion in 2011 relative to 2010. Operating expenses continue to include strategic investments, as well as the expenses of both DataCash and Access Prepaid Worldwide, which mostly impact G&A. As a result, G&A will be up significantly for the full year, though not as much as we saw in the third quarter since the DataCash acquisition will lap in late October. Turning to depreciation and amortization. That will be about approximately $200 million for the full year. We continue to expect the proportion of annual A&M spend by quarter to be very similar to the patterns we saw in both 2009 as well as in 2010, and when thinking about other income for the full year, remember that a number of the items that we saw in the third quarter were onetime in nature and do not reflect the normal run rate of this line item. For modeling purposes, we now expect the 2011 full year tax rate will be just about 32% due to the earlier than anticipated impact of some of our tax planning initiatives. Now let's quickly review our long-term financial objectives, which remain unchanged from what we said at our Investor Day back in September. For the 2011 to 2013 period, these objectives are a net revenue compounded annual growth rate of 12% to 14%, a minimum annual operating margin of 50% and an earnings per share compounded annual growth rate of at least 20%. As a reminder, these objectives are all on a constant currency basis and exclude acquisitions except for DataCash and Access Prepaid Worldwide. Now let me turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session. Barbara?
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Martina. We're now ready to begin the question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bob Napoli of William Blair.
Robert P. Napoli - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I'd like a little update on Europe if I could. I mean, it's 1/3 of your spending and your slowdown -- your performance there in light of the circumstances is pretty impressive, and I'd like a little more color on what you're seeing there on a real time basis and imagine that some of these processing deals that you've won that's made the numbers look better than the market itself.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Bob, let me take this first. First of all, yes, we are seeing actually extremely good performance in Europe. When you look at our total GDV numbers and GDV growth numbers in Europe, it's over 17%. You see both from a credit as well as from a debit perspective, a double-digit growth there. You see double-digit growth almost 18% from a cross-border point of view, and then we're benefited in particular in the Netherlands by the deals that we did there on the transaction processing, which is 30% growth. So we have really not seen any significant impact in Europe given what's going on there from an economic point of view. In part, it is because all of the good work that our people are doing on the local ground in terms of winning agreements and implementing things, it's in part the secular trend going from cash and check to electronic forms of payments. And we'll be watching this situation very carefully going forward, but despite the turmoil, our business is performing well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Brendler of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Martina, the domestic assessments strength you pointed to obviously -- I was trying not -- as has been summed. Processing revenues were up I think 26% and transactions were up 20%. Is there any -- was there any pricing in there that drove the outperformance or is that currency?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Okay, can you repeat that question, please, because I didn't get everything?
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: The domestic processing increased this quarter. Revenues I think were up 26%, but processed transactions were up 20%. Was there any pricing in there? Or is it just currency that drove the outperformance?
Martina Hund-Mejean: What you have to look -- yes, domestic processing had a little pricing in there for sure, just a tiny little bit. It was about 2 to 3 percentage points, but what you have to compare is you have to compare the 25% increase on revenues to what we did from a U.S. dollar converted GDV number. And when you look at this, the numbers, except for that small price change, actually line up perfectly.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, and just secondly on PIN debit in the U.S., do you have any plans to try to use your signature rails to process PIN debit transactions?
Ajay Banga: This is Ajay. And I'm not going to tell you what plans we have, but I'll tell you this. We can obviously do that. In fact, microprocessing in Europe right now is done off those rails, and so we actually have rail experience on that. But I'm not going to talk any more about our PIN debit plans other than what I talked about in my opening comments for what we're trying to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros of Goldman Sachs.
Julio C. Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. Ajay, can you just go back and rehash the strategy here on PIN debit? I mean, you outlined the 4 things that I think make a ton of sense in terms of how you're going about this. Maybe as opposed to rehashing all 4 of them. Just focus specifically if you can on the routing opportunity with both merchants and the merchant acquirers if you will.
Ajay Banga: Julio, I'm not going to add much more. We are working through the routing opportunities with selected merchants and acquirers. We've actually been signing a few deals with them. I'm just doing all this in a surgical, strategic way for those opportunities that make sense to us. I don't feel it's in my competitive interest to be publicly talking about which ones are signed and what my plans for the next quarter are. So I just don't want to go any further down that path, but you should just know all 4 of those things I talked about. That is retain our existing placement on the minority of our debit portfolios that are exclusive to us; second, get Maestro as the PIN debit brand on the back of competitor cards; third, keep converting competitive sick portfolios to MasterCard like we've been doing; and finally, work on resulting preference. We're working on all those 4 ideas with strategic, surgical opportunities, because the state is still complex and there's many moving parts. And there's still a lot of negotiations going on, and the issuers are looking for incentives. The merchants are looking for incentives. The acquirers are looking for incentives in a business that has trimmed revenue yields to start with, and so we want to make sure we do it well and smartly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Togut of Evercore Partners.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I apologize if you already addressed this and so was cutting over from another earnings call, but did you quantify any changes in U.S. debit volume growth since the new interchange regulations when it went in effect on October 1? At least, can you quantify any that might be specifically tied to that?
Martina Hund-Mejean: David, it's really far too early to be looking at any different change in trends. In fact, when I was talking earlier in my script, in my prepared remarks about processed volume, we really have not seen much of a change whatsoever in the United States, not on the debit volume, as well not on the credit volume but very similar to the third quarter. So I just suggest to you that it's far too early to be figuring out where that might go.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Fodor of Morgan Stanley.
Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Martina, you had your goal out there for operating margin of at least 50%, but I just want to get a sense of your appetite to flex around that target level over the near term. And secondly, looking out over the next 12 months or so, I mean how would you characterize it from an internal investment standpoint? Are we looking at heavier than normal amount of investments on the docket, about average, less than average?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, Glenn, I'd be happy to talk about this. First of all, we put out the 50%-plus operating margin out there for a reason, and we put it out there because we are doing fairly significant investments in our strategic priorities, which we quote, e-commerce, mobile information services, what we do in the debit space and what we do in the prepaid space as well as in the commercial credit space. In addition to that, the numbers that you are seeing here, we have the acquisition expenses included, which will anniversary at one point in time, latest in the first -- at the end of the first quarter, I'd say, at the beginning of the second quarter of 2012. So you will see a couple of more quarters of this coming through. We are keeping flexibility from an operating margin point of view, primarily because we're looking into the future and what the economies, the growth economies might bring in the future. So of course, when we put our plans together -- and this is by the way no different for 2012 than what we would have done for 2011 as well as 2010. We are putting certain plans together to make sure that we can flexibly react. If we were to see some changes in the economic environment, it doesn't matter in which part of the region of the world. So you should expect us to have that kind of flexibility built in to future plans, too, as we do -- as we did this year and last year.
Ajay Banga: Glenn, the only thing I'd add is that as you heard Martina in her prepared comments, the fact that we are sticking to the concept of a minimum 50% even for 2011 when clearly for the first three quarters, we have done somewhat beyond that is because she has indicated that there are still expenses to come in the fourth quarter, maybe at a lower rate than what we saw in the third quarter but probably at a higher rate than would otherwise have been thought about. And I think those are the kind of indications we're trying to put our money back into our strategic initiatives. We've actually, from little, little things that we have hired this year close to 700 people into our company, and that's in addition to those we got through the acquisitions of Access Prepaid and DataCash. And by the way, of those 700, close to 350 are in the United States where people think that hiring is not going on, and so we're actually adding. And I think that's part of what we're trying to do with our business is to invest sensibly, but like Martina just said, they're very cognizant of the mixed signals that we are getting in the world economic system. Whether the signals are coming from confusion between macroeconomics and microeconomics, I don't know. But I just know that I'm getting these. It's not showing up in the business yet, and so every month, she and I are very conscious we need to keep some flexibility in the way we are constructing our expenses so we can react if we begin to see an impact on our top line. And remember that even for our top line, we are trying to indicate that the third quarter did have certain aspects to it that may not get repeated in the fourth quarter, but we remain in the perspective that says the second half is going to be higher than the first half. That part has not changed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg of Jefferies.
Jason Kupferberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: On the rebates for Q4, I guess historically Q4 is the highest quarter for that line. Do you expect that, that will be the case again this year and any quantification you could provide around that? And would just love any thoughts from you guys on do you think we'll see any new issuers join the Google Wallet initiative in addition to Citi at any point soon.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Jason, I really don't expect much change in the fourth quarter from what you see typically in our fourth quarter. You'll see a very normal fourth quarter from a trajectory, from a contra revenue trajectory point of view, so there's really nothing to call out in specific.
Ajay Banga: As far as Google is concerned, Jason, I would say that 2 things are happening: one, of course, the bunch of new merchants that we talked about in my remarks. But within the next few months, I think Google Wallet will open up to the other networks, which I believe is the right thing. I believe that open systems is the only way. I've been saying this for a while, that mobile payments will begin to acquire traction. I think that'll be networks as well over a period of time. I'm sure they'll open up to other banks as well. I just don't know what the timing of these specific things is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Keane of Deutsche.
Bryan Keane: Super results, but I did want to dig down on the 0.4, which I think was on the debit strategy of winning routing preference for merchant and acquirers. I think that's the first time I've heard you talk about that, Ajay, and we obviously know Visa has kind of planned to incentivize merchants and acquirers. So I guess my question is won't that pressure some of your rebates and incentives going forward and how do we think about that? And then secondly, are you worried a little bit that you could lose some PIN share if you don't incentivize some of these merchant and acquirers now that Visa's put out this strategy?
Ajay Banga: Actually, it's not the first time I've talked about the routing preference and incentive. It's just that I'm sticking to my way of thinking about it, which is I don't plan to go out with a broad-based approach. I don't need to. I will do this selectively with certain merchants where I believe it makes a difference to the kind of volume that we get on our debit business. We are already been doing some of those even prior to the changes in the rule because we've been having relationships with selected merchants where we feel that they will either make a difference to reducing the use of cash or they will make a difference to the perception of how debit can be used. And that's sort of a new thing. And the difference only is you aren't seeing as big an impact on our rebates and incentive line as you may have seen with other competitors, but honestly, you got to ask them that question. I don't know why that is the case. Mine is what it is.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, in fact, let me just add to it. Of our $110 million of increase in incentives in the third quarter, the vast majority is really related to volume performance, okay? It's only a small portion related to signing new agreements or renewing agreements.
Bryan Keane: Okay, so no additional expense to think about as we head into 2012 with the result of this?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Look. As Ajay said before, things are changing everyday. The market has to work through a dislocation that happened from the legislation, and we are going to have to work through that. So I'm -- we're not going to talk about 2012 at this point in time. This is only our third quarter results. Typically, we give you on the February call with our full year disclosure. We give you a typically a few words about the next year, but the situation is fluid, Bryan.
Ajay Banga: Bryan, think about what I said earlier. We're going to keep our flexibility going. I think among other things like the economic environment, I think similar to that, this whole debit environment is still moving around. And I don't want to give you thoughts about something I don't have fixed right now directly for next year. It would be a mistake in guidance to give you. I don't want to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Maurer of CLSA.
Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question on Brazil. I was curious if the end of exclusivity and the opening up of those systems down there added any to -- anything to your growth rate and if we should think about any type of grow over effect from that.
Ajay Banga: Craig, that's a great question. Actually, when Redecard existed earlier in its original form and the predecessor was yellow, which was the Visa-based acquiring scheme existed in its earlier form, actually, the distribution for this yellow predecessor was wider than the distribution for Redecard in its predecessor form. And so in fact, the opening up of that market effectively expanded the distribution for MasterCard to the same level as that of all the other competitors. Now it did that for others too, but it actually helped us in that sense. Mind you, I'm not talking about a 50% extension. I'm talking about way south of that number, but it did help. Should you be thinking about that in a lapping sense? It start as a significant amount. I think the bigger issue in Brazil in a lapping sense is the Itaú processing, which lapped in September, and the second issue of course out there is Brazil's economy and how well it holds up, and I mean that constant guidance that comes around Brazil saying doing well on commodities, struggling on industrial production, so we keep an eye on that as well. But I would say I wouldn't factor a great deal in my mind at least of the lapping caused by the removal of exclusivity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Darrin Peller of Barclays Capital.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You process and actually handle the authorization and settlement in about 5 or 6 countries, and I think you highlighted today new processing in Brazil and Netherlands, which I think you may have discussed before. But that's obviously continued to contribute to growth, and I think these types of transactions really boost your revenue yield per transaction longer term. So can you just comment on that for a minute? I mean have there been any further changes in the landscape, maybe SEPA or others that really might incrementally continue to open up the opportunity to process more transactions around the world versus just the brand transactions?
Ajay Banga: Seeing your transactions and processing them is always useful for a company like ours not just for what we get as a revenue directly from it. For what it gives us is the ability to sell other value-added products based on what we see in those transactions. And so all of the effort we do with them inControl or a fraud management capability or behavioral scoring through Advisors, all that does get enhanced when we see transactions. So I believe that's what we'd like to do. Now we're trying our best to improve our position in that space across the world. I think SEPA, clearly, as we've talked about does provide a degree of opportunity there, and in fact, our progress in SEPA over the last, I'd say, few months and few quarters has actually shown some of that. Transactions in SEPA up and beyond are the ones that we have seen and up beyond 100%. In fact, our processing of domestic transactions grew 180% in the third quarter of 2011 and have grown 113% year-to-date. Now it's on a small base, and Europe takes -- it's an evolution. As you can see in the newspaper right now, Europe's not a revolution although it feels like that on the roads of Greece. But I'd say to you that's what we are trying to do. Yes, SEPA and the payment systems directive does provide opportunities in Europe. Yes, there are opportunities like that in other countries around the world, as domestic schemes that were created over time begin to find that the economics of staying up to date with the technology investments required to be that way no longer make sense, and they start coming to players of scale to say, while you've got the scale across 200 countries, why am I redoing it in every country? That's the principal way in which we get into these processing transactions. It's very important to us. It's a constant effort. It's a slow effort.
Darrin D. Peller - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Just one quick follow-up. Conversations progressing with banks regarding debit pricing, especially given now with the U.S. banks. Primarily, you're tracking their debit usage fees that many had planned to instate. Can you comment on the course of action you think these banks might take to take advantage of -- or really just try to replace the debit interchange revenue now?
Ajay Banga: They've been -- I would tell you that the amount of noise made on the media of about one particular aspect of what they're trying to do is what the media chooses to do, but they've been doing things with the taking away of free checking accounts for a while. They have done things with different fees. They have looked at their rewards on debit cards. They're looking at every line of cost in their system. If you think about it, it's a fair amount of revenue that is moving from them to some of the retailers over this period of time, and they're going to try to find ways to make sense. I don't know what they're going to do. I don't know yet, but I know what they're trying to do is to look at every single line item from the cost of running a branch to the cost of rewards to checking accounts and also they had looked to recently at debit card fees and looks like that one got away for the time being.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Hochstim of Buckingham Research.
David S. Hochstim - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I wonder -- could you give us an update on what's happening with China and with your relationship with China UnionPay and how much cross-border volume in China is affecting the APMEA numbers?
Ajay Banga: No, I'm not going to give you specifics on China's cross-border volume, but it's healthy and growing. I would say on China UnionPay, our relationship carries on from where it was for the last few quarters. We are now at the mobile payments gateway trial. We have done that. It's complete. They're actually moving towards commercial production off that. Eventually, the plan is for us to help them increase their acceptance overseas while CUP will help us increase acceptance for our brand in China. But it's not just about increasing acceptance. It's based on getting revenue from their acceptance for them and for us, so those are the kind of things we are looking through with them. We continue to work with them on this cross-border outside of China relationship. As you know, domestically, the market is still a controlled market with China UnionPay being in a monopoly position and with us and competitors, all of us not being allowed to play there, and that's an unfortunate situation.
David S. Hochstim - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay, and again, I guess, asked earlier, but in Europe, just to be clear, have you looked at the sort of same customers over time? There's no change in spending behavior?
Martina Hund-Mejean: At this point in time, we are really not seeing any significant changes, David.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani of GIC (sic) [KBW].
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: So Martina, just a quick clarification on Europe. What is the growth rate x that add in Netherlands? And kind of when does it lap into next year? And then just separately, I was just wondering if you guys had any thoughts on Durbin's request for an FTC study on the small bank debit interchange exemption.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Okay, let me take the first one. Ajay will take the second one. But really where you see the Netherlands showing up in a big way is in the transaction processing numbers, which are very, very healthy in Europe. I think I said, 30% plus at this point in time. It's in the volume numbers as well as in the cross-border numbers that I was quoting for Europe. You are not really seeing a significant impact from the Netherlands, so this is very good across all of the countries. And remember this is not just Western Europe. There's a healthy portion of Eastern Europe in there.
Ajay Banga: And Sanjay as far as the second part of it is concerned, I continue to believe that once the law is the law, we will ensure that we implement it to the best of our capability. And in that law, the banks below $10 billion are entitled to a differential interchange from those above, and I'm determined to implement that with the full force of what I can do. So whether Senator Durbin wants to investigate it one way or the other, it's his call and I think it’s his prerogative. But I'm just determined as a company to do what's right. And now the law is the law and that's what we're going to do.
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Ajay Banga for closing remarks. Please proceed.
Ajay Banga: So let me leave you with just a few closing thoughts. We've delivered really good results year-to-date due not only to strengthen our base business across all 5 of our regions but also driven by volume and transactions from new deals. We remain watchful of macroeconomic trends around the world. We are always ready to react as Martina was saying in response to a question. If you see those trends going in a direction that begins to impact our business, as we discussed in our investor meeting, we believe that global PCE will continue to grow over time. There will be ups and downs by country, ups and downs by year, but in the meantime, we continue to invest and execute at a very local level to drive acceptance in new categories, displace cash and bring the benefits of electronic payments to more people and more institutions. Cash is not free. It costs up to 1.5% of GDP for a Central Bank to print it, secure it and distribute it, and it comes at a cost to banks. It comes at a cost to merchants. It comes at a cost to consumers. We will continue to push innovative products into the market that drive efficiencies and growth for all the stakeholders, and in turn, I believe, this will drive MasterCard share and long-term revenue growth. So once again, thank you for your support for our company. Thank you for your time today, and I look forward to seeing some of you again over the next few months.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris McWilton - President of U.S. Markets, Member of Executive Committee and President of U.S. Markets of MasterCard International Barbara Gasper - IR Ajay Banga - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of MasterCard International and President of Mastercard International Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley Craig Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Thomas McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch Jason Kupferberg
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2011 MasterCard Earnings Call. My name is Modesta, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Modesta. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today, either by phone or webcast, for a discussion about our second quarter 2011 financial results. With me on the call today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer; and Chris McWilton, President of the U.S. Market. Following comments from Ajay, Chris and Martina, we will open up the call for your questions. This morning's earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. The earnings release and slide deck have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A dial-in replay of this call will be available for 1 week, through August 10.  Finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today's call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our recent SEC filings. With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Ajay Banga. Ajay?
Ajay Banga: Thank you, Barbara. Good morning, everybody. As usual, Martina will get into the details of our results but let me just start with some high-level comments. In the second quarter, we saw net revenue growth of 22.1%, 18% actually on a constant currency basis, driven by hiking growth rates and GDV, cross-border volume and process transactions. This help fuel operating income growth of 23.3%, net income growth of 32.8% and an EPS growth of 36.4%.  So we delivered another quarter with strong results including record quarterly GDV, over $800 billion and our third consecutive quarter of double-digit volume growth. Within our geographies, the strongest growth remained in Latin America and the Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Africa region.  In Europe, consumers continue to spend domestically and abroad. In the United States, we posted our strongest quarterly volume growth since the fourth quarter of 2007. This was led by Debit, which is benefiting from the roll-on of new business wins, as well as continued strength in promotional credit.  Consumer credit growth in the United States remains positive and was up slightly over the first quarter, but year-on-year is strong as either of debit or commercial credit.  On the other side of the strong growth is what we are all seeing in the global economy. In Europe, consumer sentiment is lower than it has been in recent months, again, not surprising given the sovereign debt issues and concerns around the economic growth that persists in sovereign markets in Europe. And of course, we have our own issues here in the U.S. The economic signals remain mixed, unemployment remains above 9%, the housing market remains relatively weak, both are likely contributing to consumer sentiment in the United States being at its lowest level in 2 years.  Our SpendingPulse data shows that retail sales growth x auto and gas has remained above 6% over the last 4 months, including July. However, much of this increase is likely driven by inflation, given persistently higher prices for gas and other commodities And of course in addition, easier year-over-year comparisons might be fueling some of this percentage growth given the significant slowdown in spending we saw during the summer months of last year. Latin America and Asia on the other hand seem to have a brighter picture, both in terms of economic performance and consumer sentiment. But even there, given the nature of the global economy, the second half of the year could well be more measured than the first half, in terms of economic indicators.  Overall, it feels like the global economy is still struggling to get back on solid footing. But as I said earlier, consumer spending appears to be holding up through this volatility. With this as a backdrop, we remain cautiously optimistic about our business.  I'm sure that you're all keen to hear about the debit business so we've got Chris McWilton, the President of our U.S. region to talk to you. Chris?
Chris McWilton: Thank you, Ajay. A little déjà vu. It's been awhile since I've been on an earnings call but good to be with you on the phone today.
Ajay Banga: Be careful what you wish for.
Chris McWilton: Over the last several quarters, the Durbin Amendment and its potential impact on our business and our customers has been top of mind for us, and I'm sure many of you on the phone today. With the Fed issuing its final rule in late June, there's now greater clarity and we're moving forward with our strategy, based on scenario planning and making the necessary operational changes.  I really doubt we'll be able to answer all of your questions on today's call because there's still a lot of moving pieces that need to play out. But I think it's important to share with you what we can today.  The exclusivity provisions of the Durbin Amendment were designed to provide merchants with the ability to direct the routing of debit transactions over competing networks. Therefore, it is not surprising that large merchants are looking for incentives from the networks for routing preference. At the same time, acquirers for smaller merchants see themselves as directing routing to debit networks when there are multiple PIN marks on the card. They, too, are seeking incentives for routing.  And finally, issuers are looking to reduce the cost, complexity and uncertainty of maintaining multiple PIN network functionality on their debit cards. They will need to decide whether they put 1 exclusive PIN mark on their cards or maintain multiple marks.  We're confident that the superior value proposition our PIN debit offering brings will result in more U.S. debit cards with our mark in them. Remember, that Maestro is the only globally interoperable PIN POS network, accepted at more locations globally than any other brand.  Until those PIN mark decisions are made, it is difficult for anyone to predict what kind of PIN debit shares shifts might occur among the networks. It is also tough to know how rebate and incentive structures might change until there's more clarity around routing decisions.  The battle lines over routing are still unfolding, being the smaller player in U.S. Debit, MasterCard is in a completely different competitive situation. Ours is one of potential upside, not the need to defend a large incumbent position. As a result, we will be looking at strategic surgical opportunities with issuers, acquirers and merchants to incent new PIN enablement on cards, as well as routing to our network.  Our final pricing approach will be dependent on how much we win on the back of the card and in what form, exclusive for multiple marks. Therefore, a deal-specific approach is needed to give us the flexibility to navigate all the complexities. For competitive reasons, we cannot expand further on the details right now.  In addition, we have made some initial decisions to help customers with a new reality of these rules. We recently informed our issuers that we will implement a 2-tiered interchange structure across both debit and prepaid products for issuers above and below the $10 billion asset level. We continue to work through the operational details of the structure and will be working with issuers and acquirers to implement the necessary changes prior to October 1. A potential risk that investors often ask me about is related to the issuer debit pricing going forward. It didn't take the Durbin Amendment to create a competitive pricing environment, it existed long before that and expect that it would've continued even without the new regulations.  As you know, under the final Fed regs, network processing fees are not regulated, but are now included in the debit interchange calculations. So any impact on network processing fees for debit will ultimately flow back to the calculation of the interchange rate, which should provide some moderation in issuers thinking about network pricing. We will work to help our customers and consumers recognize the superior value of MasterCard's PIN debit offering by continuing to innovate product features and functionality that will allow our customers flexibility to both control their cost and generate incremental revenue.  Last September, at our Investor Day, I told you that I was confident that whatever the final outcome of the Durbin Amendment, it would present MasterCard with net opportunities to grow its U.S. Debit business and I continue to feel that way. As we only have about a 9% share of PIN debit transactions today, we continue to believe the exclusivity provisions of the Durbin Amendment providing net opportunity for us.  The pending decisions by issuers, merchants and acquirers will influence routing and also ultimately determine how much opportunity we have. However, please remember that PIN debit economics, pre-Durbin, were quite thin and will become even thinner after paying routing incentives. As a result, volume growth rates will exceed revenue growth rates as the space unfolds.  Let me also take a minute to remind you that lower revenue yield does not necessarily equal lower operating margin. Given the scalability of our network, we are able to process additional transactions at a very low incremental cost. We will be strategic and selective when considering situations where we're willing to pay enhanced economics for routing. Let me hand the call back to Ajay now for the business highlights discussion. Ajay?
Ajay Banga: Thanks, Chris. So while all of this going on in the U.S., we remain focused on executing our growth strategy around the rest of the world. That's why I'll take a moment to highlight a few recent news items. Let's start with Prepaid. So early in the second quarter, as you know we've completed the acquisition of the Card Program Management business of Travelex, which we are now bring in Access Prepaid worldwide.  But of course we are in the midst of converting non- MasterCard branded portfolios in their book. But in addition, I'm pleased to say we have signed our first new access prepaid deal since the close it's for Ryanair , Europe's leading low-cost airline. We will be the Prepaid Card Program manager in 5 markets with issuance beginning this year itself. In the U.S., we launched 2 MasterCard general-purpose reloadable card programs into Walmart's 3,500 U.S. stores. The program is based from consumer insights from targeting that we actually brought proactively to Walmart.  In the spring, with our partner at SunTrust, we'll launch the SunTrust Campus card. This integrate is 2 ID card with a MasterCard reloadable Prepaid Card. Another example, the Turkish Post Office, which is one of the largest government institutions that performed financial services, has now signed a contract with us to issue cobranded credit, debit and prepaid cards under the MasterCard and Maestro brands.  Also during the second quarter, we signed a new multi-product agreement with Swedbank, one of the largest issuers in the Nordics and Baltics region. The Debit MasterCard portion of this agreement will significantly increase our Debit footprint in this region, where the Debit category is growing 4x faster than Credit. The agreement does include commercial and consumer credit as well, and we expect the results of the deal to show up in the market early next year.  In South Africa, Absa, one of the country's largest banks, has begun to convert 2 portfolios to World MasterCard, the first of an affluent credit portfolio and a pillar of Absa's affluent banking strategy, and the second is actually fairly interesting, it's the conversion of its Islamic-compliant debit card to World Debit MasterCard, the first of its kind in the region.  We have a couple of new deals in our Commercial business as well. While we signed at HSBC for the 2012 launch of a commercial card offering for businesses with operations across Continental Europe. In Latin America, we launched 2 small business commercial card programs with Banco de Bogotá, whose commercial programs have actually been exclusively with a competitive bank. Turning to mobile, we are making traction in key markets around the world, as we look to help define what the ecosystems look like in these markets. In Turkey, Turkcell and Yapi Kredi have launched a mobile world of service with MasterCard PayPass, and consumers can basically just exchange their SIM cards for NFC-enabled cards. And of course, we continue to build PayPass acceptance in Turkey, where the largest acquirers has now enabled their terminals at thousands of locations to accept PayPass. In mid-May, Barclaycard and Orange launched their first commercially available NFC enabled for the U.K. as powered by MasterCard PayPass, is currently available for purchase by consumers at retail outlets of Orange. In the U.S. as you've heard, we are partnering with Google, Citi, Sprint and First Data in the development of the Google Wallet, the Wallet will come preloaded with a Mastercard Prepaid Card and initially, Citibank cardholders will be able to load that PayPass enabled credit cards into the Wallet.  Also in the U.S., Isis, the JV created by the major U.S. telcos has announced that it is opening its efforts to include all the major payment networks, and as I said earlier we believe this was a critical step in the future success of Isis. Open systems allow for the required scale in this space. For this effort and for the others, we're actually excited about the capability that MasterCard can bring to bear.  Finally, last example in June, we signed the first broad commercial agreement stemming from our MOU with China UnionPay. The agreement will equip the MasterCard payment gateway with the ability to process e-commerce transactions made with CUP cards. [ph] And also we've extended our MOU with CUP for another 4 years and as we're quite pleased to be working closely with them for nondomestic transactions.  And as you know, as an example, the core brand deals in China that we have talked about in previous earnings calls are helping to drive cross-border volume growth when cardholders travel outside of China. So with those examples, let me turn the call over to Martina for a detailed update of our financial results and operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thank you, Ajay, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin on Page 3 of the deck, which shows our reported results versus last year's second quarter.  As you just heard, we had a terrific quarter. Net revenue grew over 22% driven by very strong volume and transaction growth across our base business, as well as the addition of new deals. Acquisitions contributed about 3 percentage points to this growth, resulting in a very robust top line growth rate of 19%, excluding acquisitions.  Total operating expenses were up 20.8%, which included about 7 percentage points of expenses coming from the inclusion of acquisition. Therefore, expense growth, excluding acquisitions was 14%. Overall, foreign exchange contributed roughly 4 percentage points to both net revenue and operating expense growth. Operating income was up 23.3%. This resulted in an operating margin for the quarter of 53.1%, up from 52.6% in last year's second quarter. Bottom line, we delivered net income of $608 million, up 32.8% and diluted earnings per share of $4.76, up 36.4%.  So over the next couple of slides, representing the operational metrics for the second quarter of 2011 compared to the same quarter a year ago.  On Page 4, you can see the worldwide growth dollar volume, or GDV, was up 16.4% on a local currency basis or 23.6% on a U.S. dollar converted basis. As Ajay said, this is the first time quarterly GDV has exceeded $800 billion. This is driven by the highest quarterly growth rate we have seen in more than 4 years.  U.S. volume growth was 9.9%. And across the rest of the world, volume growth was 19.9% on a local currency basis, including almost 25% growth in both APMEA and Latin America.  Worldwide credit volume grew 13.3% on a local currency basis, which breaks down into 5.3% growth for the U.S. and 16.5% for the rest of the world. Worldwide debit volume grew 22.2% on a local currency basis. In the U.S., debit growth was 15.1% and outside of the U.S., debit growth was 28.5% with the highest growth rate coming from APMEA and Europe. Cross-border volume growth on a local currency basis was up 19.3%, the sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. This was supported by double-digit growth in every region, including the United States. Turning now to Slide 5. Our process transactions were up 17.4%, compared with the year-ago quarter to $6.6 billion. This was the second consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. While it was driven by Latin America and APMEA, all regions experienced healthy growth in process transactions. This included the U.S. which was up double digits for the first time since the third quarter of 2008, as new business, such as our SunTrust and Sovereign wins has overtaken the diminishing impact of prior debit portfolio losses. Overall growth in process transactions was further aided by our expanded processing relationship with Itaú in Brazil and domestic processed transactions that we have picked up in the Netherlands.  Global card growth was 6.4% to about $1.7 billion MasterCard and Maestro cards. The number of MasterCard-branded cards surpassed $1 billion for the first time led by a greater than 20% increase in debit card.  Now let's turn to Page 6 to discuss revenue versus last year's second quarter in a bit more detail. Net revenue generated outside of the U.S. represented 60% of total revenues compared with 57% last year. This shift was driven by revenues growing at a higher rate outside of the U.S. at about 30% compared with 12% growth for U.S. revenue.  Turning to the components of net revenue. Domestic assessments increased 24.5% primarily due to strong volume growth. Cross-border volume fees increased 9.2%. But if you exclude the impact of the October 2010 cross-border pricing structure change, these fees actually increased about 25% driven by double-digit cross-border volume growth in all regions.  Transaction processing fees grew 18.2%, driven largely by growth in process transactions due to the new business in Latin America, in Europe and in the United States. Other revenue grew 41.9%, driven mainly by the inclusion of revenues from the acquisition of Access Prepaid worldwide. As an aside, all of Access Prepaid revenue is included in the other revenue line item. This is in contrast to revenue from our acquisition of DataCash, which is included in 3 of our revenue lines; domestic assessments, transaction processing fees and other revenue. In total, growth revenue increased by $373 million or 20.5%. Now rebates and incentives were at $534 million, up $71 million or 15.5%. However, the increase was about $130 million or roughly 33% when you adjust for the cross-border pricing change. This increase was due to the impact of new and renewed deals, as well as stronger volume performance. Overall, net revenue growth benefited by approximately 2 percentage points from pricing.  Now let's turn to Page 7 for some details on expenses. Within total operating expense, our general and administrative expenses increased by 24.8% or 21.3% on a constant currency basis. This growth was primarily due to higher personnel expenses and other expenses related to the inclusion of acquisitions and strategic growth initiatives, such as mobile, prepaid and information services. In total, acquisitions contributed about 8 percentage points to G&A growth. Advertising and marketing expenses was up 7.1%, with almost 5 percentage points of this growth driven by foreign exchange fluctuations. Sponsorships, as well as customer-specific and strategic initiatives accounted for most of the remainder.  Depreciation and amortization increased 43.2%, primarily due to the amortization of intangible assets from our recent acquisitions.  So let's move to the cash flow statement and balance sheet highlights on Page 8. We generated $538 million in cash from operations in the second quarter and the end of the quarter, with cash, cash equivalents and other liquid investments of $3.6 billion. We repurchased about 1.5 million shares of Class A stock during the second quarter at a cost of approximately $387 million. And in the third quarter, through July 28, we actually purchased almost 78,000 additional shares at a cost of about $24 million. So year-to-date, through July 28, we have repurchased approximately 4.2 million shares of Class A common stock at a cost of about $1.1 billion and have $935 million remaining of the $2 billion in total authorization. We will continue to look to repurchase shares on an opportunistic basis. Turning to Slide 9. Let's discuss 2011 and I'll start with an update of what we have seen for MasterCard processed volumes for the third quarter through July 28. Our cross-border volumes grew 22% globally, ahead of what we saw in the first and second quarters. This was driven by double-digit growth in all regions with slight upticks in growth in APMEA, Europe and the United States. Although not a perfect proxy for GDV, total U.S. processed volume grew 12%, ahead of the levels that we saw in the first and the second quarter. Higher gas prices are contributing a little bit, perhaps a couple of percentage points to this growth rate, which is further benefiting from an easy year-over-year comparison.  Recall that U.S. processed volume growth was actually slightly negative in July of 2010. In July, total processed volume growth for the rest of the world was about 24%, slightly ahead of the 22% pace we saw in the second quarter due to an uptick in growth in APMEA and Europe. And globally, process transaction growth was 20% ahead of the 17% growth we saw in the second quarter and the 11% growth we saw in the first quarter. And this is really in part due to Itaú in Brazil, a domestic processing in the Netherlands and the U.S. debit deals coming on line.  So based on what we see now, this is our view for 2011 on a constant currency basis. We had a strong first half with net revenue growth of 18.5%, and we continue to expect that the second half growth will be slightly higher. Keep in mind that deconversions will have a diminishing impact on the second half. And additionally, Access Prepaid closed in mid-April and therefore, will contribute to both the third and the fourth quarter while it only contributed to part of the first half of the year. Finally, the DataCash acquisition closed in late October last year and therefore, would anniversary in the fourth quarter. Regarding foreign exchange, if current rates for the euro and the rial hold for the balance of the year, we would expect a full year net tailwind of around 2 to 3 percentage points to revenue.  And our views in operating expenses remained unchanged as well. We remain committed to our target of a minimum 50% annual operating margin and continue to expect only a small operating margin expansion in 2011, relative to 2010. Operating expenses continue to include investments in strategic areas, such as mobile, e-commerce, Prepaid and Commercial. It will also include the operating expenses of both DataCash and Access Prepaid worldwide. The vast majority of the impact of these acquisitions will be felt in G&A, which is likely to be up about a similar dollar amount year-over-year in each of the third and the fourth quarters, as it was in the second quarter. As a reminder, there will also be an impact to depreciation and amortization, which we now expect to grow more than 35% versus 2010.  In total, as we said on our last earnings call, the acquisitions will contribute more to growth of operating expense for the full year than they will to growth of net revenue. We expect the acquisitions to have a $0.04 to $0.06 dilutive impact to EPS for the full year. We now expect the proportion of annual advertising and marketing spend by quarter to be similar to the patterns we saw in both 2009 and 2010. And for modeling purposes, we now believe that the 2011 full year tax rate could be slightly lower than the 33% we originally communicated due to the currently expected impact of some of our tax planning initiatives. Now let's discuss our long-term financial objectives. Each year, we address our objectives. We evaluate any potential changes in the economic environment, business development and other issues on a global basis that might impact our overall financial outlook. And while you have heard Ajay discuss the global environment and Chris talked specifically about our U.S. Debit business, our overall assessment is that our long-term financial objective remain unchanged. For the 2011 to 2013 period, these objectives are: A net revenue compounded annual growth rate of 12% to 14%; a minimum annual operating margin of 50%; and an earnings per share compounded annual growth rate of at least 20%.  Finally, we have said that these objectives are all on a constant currency basis and exclude acquisitions, with the exception of DataCash and Access Prepaid worldwide. So with that let me now turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Martina. We're now ready to begin the question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Ajay or Chris, could you maybe just talk about from your conversations with bank issuers, what they're thinking about that 1 mark or 2 marks on the back of the card and kind of the pluses and minuses when thinking through that decision? And then maybe just, are they thinking of other alternatives, in terms of card products other than debit cards, maybe something along the lines of credit to offset some lost debit economics?
Chris McWilton: Sure, Sanjay. What the issuers are thinking about with the place and the marks would be adding a functionality of PIN debit on the back is to do a number of things and I mentioned these in my remarks. One is there's operational complexity with maintaining multiple PIN debit functionality. You have to maintain, we call them, pipes or communication lines into the different networks, so there's some added complexity to that. The other thing they're thinking about is just the fact that having multiple marks on the cards does feed some additional routing ability to the merchants. So in addition to being able for the merchant to route between signature and PIN, they now have the ability to route with multiple marks on the card between signature and perhaps one or more PIN marks. So there comes with that a level of uncertainty and a level of preferences given to the merchant in their routing consideration. So they're thinking through that. Obviously, they're also thinking through, in addition to products they're thinking through how they price for the different services that the deposit holders have with their institutions, whether that's annual fees for checking accounts, whether it's fees for the debit cards themselves reducing perhaps the cost base of their products by perhaps limiting their usage to just the United States. Some of them are considering limiting the amount that can actually go on a debit card, limiting the transaction amount, et cetera. And of course, they're looking at credit again as write-off rates start to moderate as we come to the economic cycle. Credit again is beginning to look a little bit more attractive as a revenue replacement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois with Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Yes, can you just give us the numbers on how much your revenue and volume growth and maybe even transaction growth, to what extent it benefited from the portfolio conversions of SunTrust and Sovereign in the quarter?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Rod, it's Martina. At this point in time, we just have a little bit of a better benefit when you combine both the debit deconversions, the 2 portfolios that we had actually lost in the United States as well as the add-on of the several portfolios that we actually won. So there was a slight benefit and we are really expecting to turn the corner in the third quarter.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: For just so we can quantify the impact on the acceleration, can you tell us what the benefit was from SunTrust and Sovereign?
Martina Hund-Mejean: No, Rod, we are not breaking those numbers out. As I said, there was a slight benefit in total.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay, and then just a couple of quick clarifications. Can you specify where the 2 points of pricing came from? Was that from the merchant acquired fee increase lingering from April of 2010? And then I just want to make sure I heard you correct. I think you might have said that U.S. transaction growth was negative in the month of July, but I want to make sure I heard that right.
Martina Hund-Mejean: No, so first of all on your last question that was July of 2010, when actually U.S. GDV growth was negative. And with respect to your first question from the 2 percentage points of pricing, you had about 50 basis points in there which was really a lapping impact from the price actions that we took back in April of 2010. And then the remainder was really a lot of diversified small pricing actions all around the globe, so there's no one particular big impact from any particular action.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: And then just the final thing, will some of those small pricing effects continue over the next year or are they largely anniversarying at this point?
Martina Hund-Mejean: No, you have a number of them that were actually implemented in January of 2011 and a couple that we implemented in April of 2011. So you'll have, for the rest of the year until the first second quarter of next year, you'll have a bit of a benefit there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Fodor with Morgan Stanley.
Glenn Fodor - Morgan Stanley: Question for Ajay, TransUnion recently put out an analysis suggesting consumers have been on a trend of aggressively paying down credit card balances. I just wonder what you think this could mean for the trajectory of the U.S. credit growth over the next 1 to 3 years? I mean, does it imply there's a lot of dry powder now for spending or do you think this reflects the cultural shift away from credit and then continue on, on this point? Do you think the U.S. credit market can realistically get to, say, high single-digit growth in payment volumes again or it's mid-single digit about what we should think about?
Ajay Banga: Probably a not a good guy to give you the last part, as in high single-digit versus mid-single digit of the long-term because it's a little difficult to predict that level of activity today. But I would say this to you, the down payments, the increased payments on that card balances that you read about are comprised of 2 things. One part is actually if we take the gross numbers, is the level of write-off, there are number of banks in the United States that had to take over the last few years and that tends to decrease the total outstanding in their system by a fairly large amount. You've got to just keep that in mind we are looking to total number, otherwise you could mix up the write-offs with the actual change in consumer behavior. Then there's the actual numbers of what consumers are doing with higher spending. I mean, spending rate these days and the spending rate are very different from what they were 3 years ago. In fact, a year back, the U.S. savings rate were up to 6%, 7%. They went back down to 4.5%, 5% recently released numbers. Although I'd wait to make sure those are very accurate, sure that about 5%, 5.5% of consumer savings is what you're seeing.  So they're all that transfer into a secular changing in the behavior towards credit. I don't think you can jump to that conclusion yet. And the consumer, they're rebalancing their balance sheet are going through somewhat uncertain time, I think those that are unemployed for quite a while now, are not quite clear how they'll get back to employment, but I do believe that those who are employed have a lower fear of an impending unemployment event on the horizon for them. And so you've got 2 kinds of consumers even in that list. That is all that's put together would lead me to conclude that I wouldn't come to a set of conclusion that says that secular change in credit is happening. I just wouldn't get there yet. I think that with the advent of all these rules in debit, as somebody asked earlier, I think it's Rod, I think you will find banks trying to relook at their ability to generate revenue, given that their credit cycle has changed in tone for a number of the banks. And I think that itself will drive a new form of offers and promotions and willingness to take on risk with the banks over the next couple of years. Some of them, by the way, have already been doing that for the last year or so already. So it's a mixed bag. I would just tell you don't conclude that secular change is happening. That's too early.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with Jefferies.
Jason Kupferberg: I just wanted to pick up on some of Chris's comments earlier, in terms of the post-Durbin world here. Have you guys been asked by any of your issuer customers to revisit or renegotiate their contracts at this point? And if so, how far are you into that process and have you been able to obtain extensions on any of these contracts as part of those negotiations? Because I think in the past, you guys have said that you have 1 big contract renewal in each of the next 3 years. And then if you can also just tack on to that any quick update you might have on the merchant litigation, that would be great.
Chris McWilton: We're limiting our discussions to issuer contracts just to compliant specifically with the Durbin regulations. So in situations where we have exclusivity provisions, which is fairly limited on our debit card base or the computation of, or the incentives that go into the computation of the netzero calculation, which I'm sure some of you are quite familiar with, make them into play. So we would have to discuss with our issuers changes in terms and conditions around that. But as we said before, we do not have material average change clauses in our contracts, and we believe that the value we provide of our debit network is consistent with the pricing we have in place today. So we think we're in pretty good shape from a pricing pressure standpoint with those little debit contracts with the exception of having to work through the netzero calculations. And for an update on litigation, I'm going to defer to Barbara because that's not my area of expertise.
Barbara Gasper: Before we get to that, I just want to add on one thing, Jason. When we actually quote that we have contract renewals in -- 1 big contract renewal in each of the next 3 years, that was not limited to the United States. That was a global statement, okay, so, it is all of our business globally.
Ajay Banga: And on the merchant litigation, there is nothing new compared to what we've written in our public disclosures. This stuff has been carrying on for years. There's a trial date scheduled for September 2012. They're all in mediation, which is a lot of fun as you can imagine. We've made substantial progress in negotiations with the individual merchant plaintiffs, about [indiscernible] -- we've got no such comment to make about the class merchants. And since the individual merchants represent less than 5% of the purchase volume of the class, I really don't know where this mediation will go right now, so it's still out there. All we have is the judgment settlement sharing agreement that we've already announced with you last earnings that I remember.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Maurer with CLSA.
Craig Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Following on your discussions in Netherlands, I was wondering if the problems that European banks are having might be hastening negotiations to outsource processing and move on to Maestro and whatnot to comply with separate banks?
Ajay Banga: Hi, Craig. It's Ajay. I don't think that I've yet to -- that I can say that they are hastening any of those discussions. Europe tends to move at a glacial pace because of the complexity of the number of banks, the country rules and the EC rules. That's a fairly complex needle to thread your thread through. So you should not expect dramatic moves up and down. Having said that, the breakthrough we have in The Netherlands was very welcome and very helpful. In fact, our European processing volume that we now see was up this quarter over 100%. Whereas if you remember the last earnings call, I talked about over 40-odd percent. So in a sense that is an improvement in that number, it's caused largely by this Netherlands piece. There are lots of negotiations going on with a number of banks, but don't conclude it's because of any reason. This work has been going on for years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Great results, happy to see you're investing as well. I guess I'll ask about Visa's network participation fee, what the implications would mean for Mastercard. I'm asking because it's a pretty drastic change in how acquiring fees are going to be billed, so I wonder if Mastercard needs to match that?
Chris McWilton: Tien-Tsin, it's Chris. At this point in time, we don't see a need to match it. As I said in my comments, we're going to be very thoughtful and very surgical in how we approach the opportunities in PIN and signature debit as it unfolds under Durbin. As I mentioned, there's a lot of moving parts that need to be sorted through and to put in place a sort of a blanket across the board. Network participation fee, I think, suboptimizes our economics when it comes to grabbing some of this opportunity. So we are going to be looking perhaps at specific acquiring relationships. We're going to be looking at certain verticals of merchants and certain categories of merchants that we believe will provide the best market share increase for the best economics. I mean our objective is not to go out there and buy every PIN transaction that exist in the U.S. today, to do it in a very thoughtful way with more precise economic tactics than a network participation fee.
Ajay Banga: Tien-Tsin, this is Ajay. When this regulation came out we've been working our way through different situations. The basis of everything we've looked at is that we have a lower market share and our position, therefore, is different. We don't need to defend as much as find ways to find the chinks in the place that we could build and capitalize on. And that's the reason we're looking at it rather than doing any blanket pricing or blanket efforts for acquirers or for merchants, large or small or for issuers large or small. We still think our benefit comes from being flexible deal-by-deal and thoughtful deal-by-deal because of where we stand, versus some of our large competitors, who, I think are doing things that are appropriate for their market position.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Fandetti with Citigroup.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc: Ajay, your growth in regions, such as Asia continues to be very strong. I was curious if you think you're still in a market share gain mode, or work suggest that you are. I just wonder if you could comment on some of the regional networks from a competitive standpoint, maybe talk about comp, how you see them, is there a merchant actually a benefit for you or does it become [indiscernible]?
Ajay Banga: Don, we are still very much keen to make sure that not only do we benefit from the secular growth of spending on electronic payments and the move from cash to electronic payments and frankly the benefit of growing middle classes and global traveler region like Asia. We want to benefit from all that. But we also have a game to play, to pick up back some of the market share we'd like to have in Asia, compared to our competitors. So it's a mix of both things that are going on the ground and our results actually are benefiting from both substantially in Asia.  Now CUP. CUP is a very interesting circumstance. CUP as you know, domestically in China has a State-mandated position that is very calendar rules and construct. And that's a play that global companies like us cannot play in the domestic processing business. So what we are focused on, on the other hand, is the increasing capability of affluent and middle class Chinese to be spending money outside of China, and of course, more inward travel into China of Mastercard holders like ourselves and that's where our entire arrangement with CUP is constructed. It's constructed on improving MasterCard acceptance in China for people like you and me. It's constructed on improving CUP acceptance outside of China both physically and e-commerce space and but in return for revenue in both these examples. So we make some money by facilitating that acceptance. They make some money by facilitating our acceptance but at all cross-border. Domestically as of now, it's still a very close marketplace that's something that I have no idea when it'll change. I don't know what I could tell you about that portion. I'm just focused on the nondomestic portion of our relationship with CUP.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bruce Harting with Barclays Capital.
Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital: Just trying to reconcile your terrific volume number printed here and given by Martina through July even with adjustments for acquisitions in SunTrust, et cetera. With the doom and gloom out there, in terms of an emerging recession possibly here and all the problems we read about daily, in Europe, can you get a little more granular with any geographies or maybe give examples, particular strength in Europe, I mean the numbers you're putting up in Europe defy what we read about everyday there. Asia, the numbers the APMEA numbers, I mean, it looks like back in the envelop in a couple of years, those numbers could be as strong as the U.S. in terms of volumes.  Is this mostly your war on cash playing out or is this PCE rising in these countries or both? I'm just trying to get a little bit, is the market maybe your opinion on what you're seeing from the bottoms up here, is the market overly pessimistic or is this just the shift to digital payments? And I think the answer is important for your stock could be one of the best to hold if we are going into a recession, if the answer is the war on cash because you'll sustain these growth rates even through the downturn?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Bruce, it's Martina. Really all of the factors that are impacting our growth, you have just quoted, so let me talk a little bit about it. The United States is a bit different than the rest of the world. So let me start with the rest of the world first. When you look at Asia Pacific and in Latin America, as Ajay has already said, there is a significant secular trend going on in terms of people using less and less cash and check in those countries where you have checks, a more electronic forms of payment.  In addition to that, all the work that our people are actually doing on the ground, in terms of winning business in helping financial institutions, as well as a number of other companies, as well as governments around the world to be converting really taking advantage of the secular opportunity that is benefiting really our growth. In Europe, you have some of the same going on. There obviously also market share gains impacting in there, but the Europeans are very interesting. You hear in the United States, you hear a lot of doom and gloom when when you go into Europe, you don't hear quite as much doom and gloom. In fact, when you talk to a lot of Europeans and it is August today, they will be all going on vacation still and they might be doing vacation in a little bit of a different way than they have been doing in the past but they're still will be going for 2 or 3 or 4 weeks at times on vacation.  So people will be still continuing to spend and because of the secular trend and because our product being readily available in the market, we will obviously benefit from that. United States is a little bit different. When you really look at the underlying growth rate, I already said in my remarks that gas prices, this contributes a couple of percentage points. I mean, when you just look at gas prices alone right there, they increase by a $1 per gallon from the year-ago quarter. So that has a significant impact on the volume growth. Transactions, by the way, haven't changed too much when you just look at the gas portion. In addition to that, you see a number of other commodities actually having increased price, okay. So look at food and what all goes into the food. Look at the energy prices, look at the gold prices that go into luxury product, for instance. So a number of the drivers are really impacted by what's going on from an inflation point of view. And then last, but not least, Ajay already told a story about we have 2 types of consumers in the United States. We have those people who have a job who feel that they will have that job for quite some while to come, who feel that they can go out and do the spending that they need to do and then on the other hand, you have the consumer who is not quite as well off, who is not able to do it like that. So I hope that gives you a little bit more of a clarification where we are.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Chris, I realized that it's a strategy that's still evolving and you've made some specific comments vis-à-vis your PIN debit share and desire, I guess, directionally to take share. Can you just talk a little bit philosophically about your willingness to go after routing volume, both in terms of kind of the pricing initiatives you might be willing to take opportunistically as you mention, but also the economics and the ROI considerations? I mean, Martina mentioned that PIN debit economics weren't so hot to begin with, I imagine it'll only get worse post-Durbin. Maybe just a little thought on the puts and takes and MasterCard's willingness to be aggressive versus just sit back and let volume flow your way?
Chris McWilton: Yes. I think I mentioned in my comments that the PIN debit economics are very thin, pre-Durbin. I think in terms of a couple of cents of transaction, that's sort of a zip code size of revenue yield off these transactions. So you start taking that pre-Durbin and then you start thinking about how much do we pay large merchants to route, how should we pay acquirers to route, and how much do we pay issuers to position ourselves in an optimal space with their routing configuration on the back of their card. It doesn't leave a lot of money left over. So because of that, we're not going at this with a blanket approach to pricing. We, as I mentioned earlier, I think Tien-Tsin asked the question, much more surgical, much more precise in terms of where we think we can play in this space. You have to remember that PIN debit transactions are very inexpensive to start with. They're single message transactions. There are a multitude of PIN networks out there in addition to MasterCard and our big competitor. There are a number of regional PIN networks out there which makes it very competitive. There's a lot of capacity on PIN networks today. So the volume increase that we will see or anybody will see with PIN debit changes will far exceed the revenue implications of that going forward. That's just the way it is and that's why I've said, we are not in the game to go out and buy every PIN transaction we can. We're going to do this in a way that optimizes our economics.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Is there consideration to just say, hey, we don't want to be in the business or it's not, could the economics don't justify your being here?
Chris McWilton: No. We absolutely want this business but we want in a thoughtful way, want in a way that makes economic sense to us. But we have a great network, we have global acceptance. We'd like to see transactions across our network. It gives us information capability that we otherwise wouldn't have. But we're not going to do it in a way that just doesn't make economic sense.
Martina Hund-Mejean: let me just add to this. Our network is really scalable, right. And we are able to add additional transactions at a very low incremental costs. So from a positioning point of view, from a cost structure point of view, we are obviously in a very good position to be able to pick up deals in a selective manner. But because of all of the things that has to still shake out in the market between the issuers, the acquirers and the merchants, we said that we do believe that there will be opportunity, we're not sure yet how much opportunity. So for us it is really a way of how are we going to go after profitable growth. And then how much are we really going to get that?
Ajay Banga: This is Ajay. And let me tell you that I think part of the confusion that comes in this topic comes from the use of the word economics. When we say economics are thin, what we mean is that revenue economics of a PIN debit transaction, not the profitability economics of a PIN debit transaction. Not the operating margin economics of a PIN debit transaction. So when Chris is talking about revenue, it's crystal clear that it's PIN. That's why he says you may get more volume growth than revenue percentage growth. Yet as he said in his remarks and Martina just said, the cost of processing most transactions incrementally at the margin is very small for our company. So we still think there's enough business there to not only make decent operating margin from if he's in those deals, but also use that incremental data that we get, the incremental transactions that we see to add value to many other products we sell, whether it be inControl, whether it be sort of the express monitoring services or risk, so there's all things that we do with that data. So you've got to just understand that logic of revenue economics versus operating margin economics.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Kissane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just a clarification, Martina, what portion of your U.S. volume is from gas? And then a question for Chris, you kind of alluded to the Fed re-evaluating interchange cap, would you have a sense in terms of how often they'll review debit issuer cost and ultimately the interchange cap?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Jim, it's a relatively small portion, obviously, of overall volume. The only thing that we did see in the quarter ticking up and that's totally in keeping with the price change is, actually, is now from 7.5%, we usually said that the volume is gas as part of volume 7.5% is now a little bit over 9%. And then from a transaction point of view though, we're seeing that it doesn't change much. It's around just shy of 16%, 15.8% I think for the quarter.
Chris McWilton: And with respect to the Fed reviewing interchange caps, our indication is it could be every 2 years, or thereabouts. So that's the time horizon you should be thinking through.
Operator: Your final question today comes from the line of Tom McCrohan with Janney Capital Markets.
Thomas McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I was just wondering if MasterCard had a view on allowing bill payments on prepaid cards in light of the new language that prohibits access to funds loaded on GPR cards over the bank on a CA system, and if you can just clarify, did I hear you say that you have a new GPR card that you distribute to Walmart? Can you just clarify that?
Chris McWilton: With respect to allowing bill pay on the card, that's really the issuers' decision, what they allow the functionality of the card, what are these allowed to do, whether ATM withdrawal, bill pay, direct access to DD&A accounts, whatever the case might be or to fund it. So it's not whether we allow it or not allow it, it's whether once the issuer decided to provide that functionality, whether it qualifies or regulated or unregulated rates. The Walmart program, these were general-purpose reloadable cards, put into the stores at their new financial centers, which you'll see some press around to enable their customers to avail themselves to prepay functionality. And as you know, all their associates in the United States received their payroll on a prepaid card, if they did not have a bank account. So we've had some good traction with that major retailer in the prepaid space.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the Q&A portion of the call. I would now like to turn it back over to Ajay Banga for closing remarks.
Ajay Banga: Thank you. Let me just leave you with a few closing thoughts. We have delivered really good results for the first half of 2011, due not only to the strength in our base business across all 5 of our regions, but also driven by volume and transactions from new deals. Chris spent some time talking about the U.S. Debit. In a date a year or so before this plays out across all the stakeholders, we remain confident we can increase our share in the U.S. Debit category.  We will maneuver to drive the maximum positive impact for MasterCard. Thinking about the business going forward, as I told you, there is economic uncertainty, particularly in the United States and Europe that we need to keep a close eye on. At this point, growth remains relatively strong in Latin America and Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Africa.  Through all this, we have not lost sight of the big picture. We remain focused on displacing the 85% of transactions across the globe that are conducted using cash and checks. That is our opportunity. We are executing on our growth strategy to invest in differentiated capabilities and win more than our fair share of this secular shift to electronic payments. With that, we're going to conclude the call. Thank you for your time today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Gasper - IR Ajay Banga - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of MasterCard International and President of Mastercard International Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Adam Frisch - Morgan Stanley Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Craig Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc. Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Thomas McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Bryan Keane - Crédit Suisse AG Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch Bill Carcache - Macquarie Research Timothy Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
Operator: Great day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2011 MasterCard Earnings Conference Call. My name is Thelma, and I will be your coordinator for today's event. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's presentation is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn today's presentation over to Ms. Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Thelma. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today either by phone or webcast for a discussion about our first quarter 2011 financial results. With me on the call this morning are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, highlighting some key points about the business and our first quarter results, we will open up the call for your questions. This morning's earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at mastercard.com. The earnings release and slide deck have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier today. A dial-in replay of this call will be available for one week through May 10. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today's call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our recent SEC filings. With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Ajay Banga. Ajay?
Ajay Banga: Thank you, Barbara. Good morning, everybody. Before Martina gets into the details of the results, I thought I'd comment as usual on some operational drivers from the quarter, as well as some recent business highlights.  In the first quarter, we saw net revenue growth of 14.8% with essentially no real impact from foreign currency exchange rates. We saw healthy GDV growth of 12.8% and an 18.5% increase in cross-border volume. And all of this kind of put together helped fuel first quarter operating income growth of nearly 20% and an EPS growth of 24%.  Actually, quite pleased with the solid start to 2011, delivering our second consecutive quarter of double-digit volume growth, including improvement in the United States. Outside of the United States, volumes continue to grow double digit with solid increases in Europe, Latin America and the Asia, Middle East, Africa region, which is up about 20% this last one Asia, Middle East, Africa despite the natural disasters and political upheavals that have occurred there recently. So in particular, we're going to be watching what kind of impact these last mentioned events may have on cross-border volumes. So far, what we've seen is that some of the affected markets have experienced double-digit declines in inbound volumes. But outbound volumes have actually jumped. Other markets have seen related increases in inbound travel volumes, markets such as the United Arab Emirates and Turkey. These variations are normal and usually relatively short-lived, following disruptive events of the type that, that region has seen. We're keeping a close eye on these developments.  Returning to the economy. Well I think I'm really glad to see a number of positive trends across the world over the past 6 months, some of which as you can imagine are reflected in our numbers. I still remain concerned about housing prices and unemployment in the United States, about food and gas price inflation around the world, as well as the medium-term impact of the events I just spoke about in the Middle East and Asia. So overall I would say I remain cautiously optimistic.  Moving briefly to U.S. debit regulation. I know this is of great interest to many of you, but I have very little new information to report. We, as a company, continue our advocacy efforts in Washington to delay or to change the Feds' proposal and will fully endorse all efforts to ensure that lawmakers have a better comprehension of the unintended consequences of the law that was passed about this time last year. The factors that are interfering with the balance of costs paid by consumers and merchants will most likely tilt that burden towards consumers. It will also stifle innovation as participants have less incentive to invest. I believe this was not completely understood, prior to the legislation being passed.  Also, given the complexity of the issue, while we were not surprised to hear Chairman Bernanke announce that the Fed would not meet the April 21 deadline, we actually don't have any further insight as to when the Fed will actually release its final regulations. In some cases, this uncertainty has had very little impact on issuer decisions related to their debit portfolios. While in other cases, issuers are taking a wait-and-see attitude before making any changes. Ultimately, we will need to wait and see the reaction of all stakeholders, including issuers, acquirers, merchants and consumers before the full impact to our industry can be measured. Whatever happens, the earliest this regulation would likely begin to impact MasterCard would be in 2012. We will need to remain nimble and navigate our way through this. We continue to believe that we have some potential upside to our volumes, as a result of routing non-exclusivity, if that were to go through. Given that, from a share perspective, we have more to gain than to lose.  Meanwhile, with all this going on, we remain focused on executing our growth strategy so let me just highlight a few recent items. Let's start with prepaid. We have recently completed the acquisition of the Card Program Management operation of Travelex. And that now clearly extends our position in the prepaid value chain; positions us for additional prepaid growth around the globe. And speaking of Travelex, under our previous agreement with them, we launched Cash Passport with the IPS processing platform in South Africa and Brazil, which actually is a conversion from a competitor. In Costa Rica, we launched a government benefits prepaid MasterCard program that actually is aimed at replacing check disbursements with cards, creating cost efficiencies and reducing friction for the nation's principal insurance provider and beneficiaries. In addition, we finalized several other prepaid programs in Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Africa during the quarter, including the renewal of a multicurrency prepaid card in Australia that is very popular among international travelers, the first general purpose reloadable card in the UAE, the first multicurrency travel prepaid card in Qatar and a public sector prepaid card in Kuwait that displaces the government-issued vouchers for the disposal of food aid. And so while I'm talking about the Middle East, I think it's worth mentioning that we’ve also done a couple of other things. The Arab Bank Group, one of the oldest banks in the Middle East, has launched a MasterCard WorldCard to its top customers in Jordan, UAE, Qatar and Bahrain. In Abu Dhabi, we signed an exclusive debit deal with Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank, one of the top 5 banks in the UAE. And in Egypt, we reached an agreement with Egypt Air to develop a debit co-brand card.  So you can see that despite the turmoil in that region, we continue to get credit, debit and prepaid deals done across several markets, including Egypt. And continuing with some other debit highlights, I am very pleased that we have just renewed, the long-term renewal actually, of a Maestro debit portfolio with POS Italian, one of our largest debit issuers in Europe.  We just continue to make progress with domestic processing in SEPA. In fact, domestic processing grew over 40% versus the first quarter of 2010, a bit ahead of the 30% growth we've seen over the past 2 years. Yes, we are still in small numbers. But the fact is we continue to benefit from a number of deals that we have signed in SEPA over the past couple of years.  We're also making progress in enabling Maestro card for e-commerce use. Over 80 million of the 300-plus million Maestro cards in Europe are now enabled, and there is a growing online acceptance for Maestro.  Groupon has opened several European sites to Maestro. In fact, in only 4 months, Groupon has become the largest volume e-tailer for Belgian Maestro cards and one of the top merchants for Maestro in Spain. And we expect other e-commerce merchants to follow later this year.  In Africa, we signed a co-brand deal with InterSwitch, the primary domestic player in Nigeria that will convert domestic branded debit cards to co-branded InterSwitch MasterCard debit cards.  Turning to Mobile. I mentioned last quarter that we have entered into an agreement with Airtel Africa and the Standard Chartered Banks to link subscribers’ mobile accounts to virtual MasterCard account numbers. This functionality won the award for the Best Mobile Money Product or Solution at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, and this demonstrates this solution hits the mark in this rapidly evolving mobile payment space.  A brief update with Telefónica JV. We continue to be in setup and hiring mode in industrial markets and will be through most of this year. The JV has just completed a competitive process to choose its mobile payments processing solution and has selected the platform that we are building with Smart Hub from the Philippines as part of a separate partnership that we have with Smart. This selection was based on a third-party independent evaluation, which is the way we set it up for the JV, which actually is a great proof point for the Smart Hub JV as it continues its own buildout, not just in Latin America, but also an expansion outside in other regions of the world.  Mobile is a fast-moving space for us. We look forward to bringing you more news, as we speak over the next few quarters. So now let me turn the call over to Martina for a detailed update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin on Page 3 of the deck, which shows our reported results versus last year's first quarter. Net revenue grew 14.8% to $1.5 billion. Foreign exchange rate fluctuations had essentially no impact. Net revenue growth was driven by increases of 12.8% in gross dollar volume on a local currency basis, 18.5% in cross-border volume, and 11.1% in process transactions. Approximately 5 percentage points of net revenue growth came from pricing. These drivers were partially offset by an increase in rebates and incentives.  This quarter, the full 60% of net revenue was generated outside the U.S. as non-U.S. revenue growth continues to outpace growth in the United States.  Total operating expenses were up 9.4%. This was primarily due to higher G&A expenses, as a result of strategic investments and the DataCash acquisition, as well as higher marketing expense. Operating income was $836 million, up 19.4%. This resulted in an operating margin for the quarter of 55.7%, 2.2 percentage points higher than last year's first quarter.  The effective tax rate declined to 32.8%, primarily due to the geographic mix of earnings and tax planning initiatives. We delivered net income of $562 million, up 23.6%. Earnings per share were $4.29 on a diluted basis, up 24%.  So on the next couple of slides we have the breakdown of operational metrics for the first quarter of 2011, compared to the same quarter a year ago.  Let's go on Page 4 first, and here you see that worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV was up 12.8% on a local currency basis and grew 15.2% on a U.S. dollar converted basis to $728 billion. This is the highest quarterly growth rate we have seen since the third quarter of 2008. U.S. volume growth was 5.8%. And across the rest of the world, volume growth was 16.8% on a local currency basis.  Worldwide credit volume grew 10.3% on a local currency basis, which breaks down into 4.8% growth with the United States and 12.5% for the rest of the world, including double-digit gains in Latin America and APMEA.  Worldwide debit volume grew 17.4% on a local currency basis. In the U.S., debit growth was 6.9%, and it was about 28.4% for the rest of the world, driven by APMEA and Europe.  Cross-border volume growth on a local currency basis was up 18.5%. This is actually the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. This was supported by double-digit growth in just about every region, including the U.S.  Turning now to Slide 5. Process transactions were up 11.1%, compared to the year-ago quarter at about $6 billion. Process transactions continued to grow at double-digit rates in Latin America and APMEA and have turned positive in Europe for the first time in several quarters, as we continue to lap the U.K. deconversion. The combination of the deconversions and new business continued to result in a net headwind for process transaction growth. But excluding these factors, underlying process transaction growth was about 13%, a modest improvement from the growth rates we have seen in the last couple of quarters.  Recall, we began to report this breakout a number of quarters ago, so you could see that our underlying business remained healthy. But as we think deconversions and new business will essentially offset each other starting with the next quarter, we do not believe this breakout will be necessary going forward.  Global card growth was 4.7% to about $1.7 billion MasterCard and Maestro card. While this continues to be led by debit card growth, our credit card growth has turned positive for the first time in over 2 years.  Now let's turn to Page 6 to discuss the components of revenue and their performance relative to last year's first quarter.  First, domestic assessments increased 23.2% due to increased volumes and the impact of 2010 pricing actions. Volumes benefited from new deals that we signed over the course of the last year, as well as better performance from existing customers, particularly in the U.S. and in Latin America. Just keep in mind that the price increase that went in during April of last year has now grandfathered.  Cross-border volume fees increased by 3.6%. Excluding the impact of the October 2010 cross-border pricing structure change, these volume fees actually increased by about 21%, driven primarily by cross-border volume growth in Europe and APMEA despite events in the Middle East and Asia. Strong inbound travel to the United States also contributed to these results.  Transaction processing fees grew 15.8%, driven primarily by the growth in process transactions, which was due in large part to the diminishing impact of deconversions, new business in the U.S. and in Europe, along with our processing win in Brazil. As an aside, revenue from our DataCash acquisition is included in 3 revenue line items: domestic assessment, transaction processing fees and other revenue. In total, gross revenue increased by $230 million or 13.1%.  Rebates and incentives for the first quarter were $477 million, up $37 million from the year-ago quarter. However, the increase was about $100 million or roughly 27% when adjusted for the cross-border pricing structure change. The increase was due to the impact of new and renewed deals, as well as the stronger volume performance we saw during the quarter.  Now let's turn to Page 7 for some detail on expenses. And during the first quarter, total operating expenses increased 9.4%, and currency fluctuations essentially had no impact. And within total operating expenses -- general and administrative expenses increased 7.9%. This growth was primarily due to increased investment in support of strategic growth initiatives such as mobile, e-commerce and information services, as well as the inclusion of DataCash.  Advertising and marketing expense was up 12.1%, mainly driven by customer-specific initiatives and support of sponsorships outside of the United States, as well as by increased support of strategic priorities such as affluent.  Depreciation and amortization increased 19.3%, primarily due to the acquisition of DataCash and investment and technology improvements.  Let's move to the cash flow statement and balance sheet highlights on Page 8. So we generated $355 million in cash from operations in the first quarter. And we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and other liquid assets -- other liquid investments of $3.9 billion, repurchased about 2.6 million shares of Class A stocks during the quarter at a cost of approximately $654 million. And through April 28, we have purchased a total of about 3.9 million shares at a cost of roughly $1 billion.  Also just a few weeks ago, the board authorized the repurchase of an additional $1 billion in stock. While we execute the first $1 billion fairly aggressively since we were blocked from being in the market last year, we do not expect to execute this incremental authorization at the same pace as the first billion dollars. Instead, we plan to purchase shares on a more opportunistic basis.  Turning to Slide 9. Let's discuss 2011. First, starting with an update of what we have seen from MasterCard processed volume for the second quarter through April 28. Our cross-border volume grew roughly 18% globally, in line with what we saw in the first quarter. This was driven by double-digit growth in all regions.  Although not a perfect proxy for GDV, total U.S. processed volume grew 9%, ahead of the levels that we saw in the first quarter. The uptick is partially due to a much later Easter holiday, as we saw higher growth in hotels and restaurants. Higher gas prices contributed slightly.  In April, total processed volume growth for the rest of the world was about 22%, slightly ahead of the 20% pace that we saw in the first quarter due to continued strength across the regions.  Globally, processed transaction growth was about 16%, ahead of the 11% growth we saw in the first quarter.  So based on what we see now, let me give you some thoughts for the full year. While we had a really good start to the year, we continue to expect the 2011 net revenue growth will be slightly higher in the second half versus the first half. This will be partially due to the diminishing effect of the deconversion and contributions from acquisition activities but tempered by the anniversary of the April 2010 price increase. That being said, we are watching very carefully for any impact from various world events or any potential slowdown in the economic recovery.  We remain committed to our target of a minimum 50% annual operating margin and continue to target only a small operating margin expansion in 2011. Let me remind you that our operating expenses continue to include investments in strategic areas such as e-commerce, mobile, prepaid, commercial and information services. It will also include the operating expenses of DataCash and the Card Program Management business that we recently bought from Travelex. The advanced majority of the impact of these acquisitions will be felt in G&A. And there will also be an impact to depreciation and amortization, which we expect to grow more than 30% versus 2010.  In total, we expect DataCash to be neutral to 2011 earnings and the Travelex Program Management business to be $0.04 to $0.06 dilutive including integration expenses. As a result, the acquisitions will contribute more to operating expense growth for the full year than they will to net revenue growth. For modeling purposes, you should continue to assume a full year tax rate of 33%.  Finally, we remain focused on our objective for the 2011 to 2013 period of a net revenue compounded annual growth rate of 12% to 14%, a minimum annual operating margin of 50% and an earnings per share compounded annual growth rate of at least 20%. Recall, we have said that these objectives are all on a constant-currency basis and exclude acquisitions, except for DataCash and Travelex.  Assuming today's foreign exchange rates for the euro and the Brazilian real hold for the balance of the year, you would expect a net tailwind of about 3 percentage points to revenue -- to net revenue. Based on the current mix of business, we estimate that a $0.01 change in the U.S. dollar to euro exchange rate has about an $11 million to $13 million annual impact to net revenue. This is a slight increase from our previous estimate of $9 million to $11 million, as euro-based revenues are growing faster on a percentage basis than U.S. dollar revenues. The impact to our expense line continues to be about $3 million to $4 million, in the opposite direction from the revenue line impact. And this results in an $8 million to $9 million annual impact to the operating income line.  Now let me turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session. Barbara?
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Martina. We're now ready to begin the question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bryan Keane with Credit Suisse.
Bryan Keane - Crédit Suisse AG: I did want to ask, Ajay, you commented a little bit about impacts or potential impacts due to Durbin. One of the things you said is that there could be a potential benefit from routing of non-exclusivity. So I just want to dig down on that a little bit. Because I remember on the last call, I thought you guys made a point that multiple routing options on signature could be a negative for the industry and maybe MasterCard. So are we specifically talking about both multiple routing options on both signature and PIN, or are you trying to make a distinction there?
Ajay Banga: It is actually that if there were multiple routing options on signature and PIN, I remember saying that will not be a good outcome for the industry. It will be very confusing. That still remains the case. It's only if the routing options that come out are somewhat simpler than that and are limited to having a non-connected PIN brand along with a signature brand, one at the back, one on the front on the card. I think that is the opportunity when given our lower share of volume today that we would have a volume opportunity. It's not clear to me how this will work out. It's not clear to me what will eventually come out in the rules. It's not yet clear to me what the shorter-term impact will be versus the medium term. But I am looking out and saying just given the reality of my lower share, that should give me some volume benefit over a period of time.
Bryan Keane - Crédit Suisse AG: July 21, do you still expect the Fed to have a decision or at least some kind of decision on Durbin by then, or do you think that could be postponed as well?
Ajay Banga: No, that's what the Fed chairman has said repeatedly, that he and his team will be ready by that date. And I expect him to be absolutely on schedule for that one. I just don't know any more than you do.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Frisch with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Frisch - Morgan Stanley: Ajay, you've made several positive and strategic hires lately, both the operating and the board levels. I'm wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on your thoughts and rationale there. What drove these changes, and what we can expect over the next 12 to 18 months, as you continue to accelerate your investments in growth and opportunities around the world in lots of different areas.
Ajay Banga: We've described our strategy as the strategy of trying to grow our current core businesses of credit, debit, prepaid, commercial. And so part of my hires are meant to reinforce our ability in those spaces, both in terms of product knowledge but also in terms of local regional delivery by country and by region so that's one part of the story. The second part of our investment has been in diversifying our revenue streams across different kinds of clients, not just issuing banks, but also merchants and governments and transit authorities, whether it be the Social Security Administration or the government of Costa Rica, as I just talked about, or the Indian government or stuff of that type. That requires a certain skill set, both in terms of the product, as well as the kind of selling that is required in going to a government or a transit authority, as compared to a normal issuing bank partner of ours. So that's a different kind of space, and so some of the hiring is in that. And finally, a third part of our strategy has been to build out new revenue streams, whether it be get back into competing in e-commerce for a fair share of growth in that booming area, or whether it be to get to play to define the mobile ecosystem, or it be beginning to take advantage of advisors and our very talented people there to start using the data we have to create an information services business. In all of those I needed new talent in some ways. So really what I'm doing is filling out the space that we needed against that grow/diversify/build strategy. We've looked at people in the company, and a number of the jobs have been filled, actually internally, and some have been filled by bringing in people from outside. Martina, do you want to add something on that?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, in addition to that, one facet of this strategy is obviously what we're doing from an acquisition point of view or what we're doing from partnering with other companies. As you know, with the DataCash acquisition and the Travelex and the Card Program Management business for Travelex, we will be -- we have acquired great resources, in terms of people to be really driving spaces in those particular arenas. So that's just another facet of how you can do it.
Ajay Banga: And Adam, the last thing I'd add is we just added a new member to our board, a lady called Rima Qureshi, who comes from Ericsson and hopefully brings not just global knowledge with her background and her global expertise in running a business, as well as being a very active research and development scientist at Ericsson, but also brings direct, let's say, domain expertise in the mobile space.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Willi with Wells Fargo.
Timothy Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Another question around mobile. If you think around the emerging markets in the international growth, Ajay, I was wondering if you could just sort of talk about sort of thinking between the actual consumer application of mobile and making a payment versus the impact of the terminalization of these emerging and growing markets. And if you sort of said 2 or 3 years ago, we would expect a growth curve of merchant acceptance points growing at a certain rate. With all that's happened on mobile and the speed of the development there, do you feel like that curve of merchant acceptance has potentially moved to a steeper climb and more rapid terminalization over time to drive the availability of card payment options for consumers?
Ajay Banga: So Tim, there are 2 angles to this. One angle is in the emerging markets, given the current absence of terminals that would accept something to do with the mobile phone, it's not -- I'm not sure that the mobile payment system ecosystem in those markets was developed the same way, as it might in a somewhat more advantaged country that has better terminalization in place. Mind you, having said that, contactless terminalization is still relatively small, even in the United States and in developed countries. But whether mobile payments develop, and I've said this earlier, as a contactless based system or the SMS based money movement system or as a true mobile commerce-enabled system with the rapid deployment of smart phones in the world, I think that some version of all 3 will begin to develop. Now what we are trying to do is to place bets in all 3 and to be partners with institutions, banks and phone companies and merchants in all 3 spaces. Now will this lead to a more rapid expansion of terminalization? In the sense that if this is part of how you get cash to convert, particularly small ticket cash to convert to electronic payments a CAP [Chip Authentication Program] payments, a newspaper bought somewhere, a transit payment somewhere, yes, I think it will drive terminalization faster. But lots of what needs to happen for that to happen. The cost of those terminals needs to become somewhat cheaper. The fact that if you could find intelligent ways to make that terminal more easy for a small merchant to adapt to, that would help us out. So there's a lot of work to be done in this ecosystem yet. The one angle is to get the issuers and the phone companies and all of us aligned. The other angle is to get terminalization so that the consumers can actually get their money out at the other end or use their phone sensibly at the other end. So I think you'll see a lot of energy going into that space. But I don't know that it’ll happen in 6 months or 1 year, compared to 2 years or 3 years. I don't know the answer to that yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Maurer with CLSA.
Craig Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I wanted to ask, Ajay, your thoughts on the global economy and how recovery is shaping up. I mean, we've got some data out of Hong Kong this morning talking about total retail sales up 26%. But that the high end was up 54%, which is dramatic acceleration over the last 3 months. I mean is the recovery that you're seeing outside the U.S. very similar to what has happened in the U.S. where the haves are dramatically outspending the have-nots in terms of growth? And also if Martina could just comment, are there any seasonal aspects or sponsorship aspects to the marketing line that we should think about for the rest of the year?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Craig, I'm going to answer you the M&A cadence first. We have some very smart seasonal aspects to the sponsorship activity. But maybe it's a little bit more helpful if I can just sketch out for you how we see the rest of the year developing. You saw 12.1% increase in the first quarter numbers. I think for the second and the third quarter, you should also be expecting to see some increases, mainly in the neighborhood of around 10 percentage points versus last year. And then in the fourth quarter, you probably should see a number maybe slightly below of what we have been spending in the last fourth quarter of 2010. So hopefully that's helpful for your model.
Ajay Banga: And Craig, on the first question. In the U.S., you would expect that when you have a recovery from the kind of difficult circumstances you've been through, that if recovery were to be sustained, you would expect that in the beginning, it would be the more affluent that would come back into the spending circumstance. Think of the stock market going back up again. Think of asset prices, and think of the affluent therefore getting back to feeling that their space and their world is improving again. Think of big companies and manufacturing recovering in the United States, and you'll think of the owners of those companies and the well-placed executives in those, and you'd find that their recovery would spark their spending first. But hopefully as this recovery starts spreading, you will get back to the mass of consumers in the United States coming back into spending. You can see that in the Fed report recently, banks have become more open with their lending standards again in an effort to: one, revise that portion of the market; but two, it reflects their relative comfort of their capital position, compared to where they were, let's say, a year ago. And so it's going to take some time. But I believe it starts from the affluent. But it really spreads through the middle class, and that's where it gets its bedrock. I think overseas in Asia and Latin America, it's a little different. They didn't go through the same, let's say, financial turmoil in exactly the same way that we did in the United States. And to that extent, I think their affluent classes have actually had a relatively good run over the last few years. And the recovery in property prices and the recovery in the global commodity price system and stock price system has generated an enormous amount of wealth in those markets. And that's the spend you're seeing. I used to live in Hong Kong ‘til 2 years ago. Even 2 years ago in the midst of the economic crisis from a developed world, I would tell you the kind of expenditure patterns I saw in Hong Kong were remarkable. And so Hong Kong is what it is, with the prices of everything from jewelry to wine to Christie's auctions, that's Hong Kong. I'm not sure that you should extrapolate from Hong Kong for the rest of the, let's say, newer developing world. Hong Kong is truly a little different from some of the others. But I’d say, as we go along, with a little bit of luck to back to what I've said, if the economic recovery is sustained, then I think you'll see a broader middle class spend coming in. But there are lots of factors that go against it. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Craig, the one thing that we are really watching very carefully, and Ajay said it in his opening remarks, are food and gas prices, inflation in general. While at the moment, we are really seeing no impact, other than some positive impact from a spending point of view, from a volume point of view on our volume, over the long term, the inflation could be crowding out other discretionary purchases that people can be making. So that is one thing that we all need to be very focused on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: You laid out a number of different investment initiatives globally from prepaid to mobile, et cetera, SEPA, too. Is there a point at which you start to look at the investment spend in aggregate, both acquisition and sort of organic investment in new initiatives and you start to evaluate ROI? And for those of us on the outside looking in, when do those investments start to move the needle top and bottom line? How should we be thinking about them?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Andrew, let me start. First of all, we are looking at all of our investments together. We don't just look at individual investments and then just add it up. We really look at everything that we need to be doing in certain spaces. We look at the specific business cases. We look at return on investments. But the one thing that we always try to do is we try to make sure that we have some short-term investments that give us shorter-term returns. We look at some medium-type investments that the returns might come over a 2-, 3-year period. And we're doing some longer-term investments. And you could put for instance the mobile activities in there from a longer-term point of view that are returning, or that we think will be returning profits over the longer term, and that's probably beyond the 3-year period. So from a spending point of view, we are very critically evaluating it every step of the way how we do these kind of things.  But let me just give you some examples from a shorter-term point of view. We are hoping to have the return come fairly quickly. But when you look at it a quarterly basis, there might be some pain that we have in the meantime. So look at our acquisitions for instance. Look at DataCash, right. We said DataCash to the bottom line in 2011 will not rise the bottom line at this point in time. When in fact you're looking at the first quarter, DataCash contributed about 1.5 percentage points to our 14.8% revenue growth. And it contributed about 3 percentage points to our 9.4% operating expenses. So you can see that there's already a little bit of pain that we have to endure from a shorter perspective on a particular acquisition. And based on what the comment we made from Travelex with the $0.04 to $0.06 dilution in 2011 starting in the second quarter since we just closed the transaction, you will see a little bit pain there. That's why we're saying what we're saying from an operating expense point of view, as well as from an operating margin point of view.
Ajay Banga: The only thing I'd add is I continue to believe that with so much of the world's transactions being in cash and check, investing some of our capacity to invest in trying to accelerate our position in those places makes a lot of sense. We've been fortunate to have a company with a business model and with a revenue to expense ratio that gives us the opportunity to put some money back. But every single investment inside the company is pretty, let's say, let's call it hotly debated before it reaches the ability to spend money. And Martina is part of that hot debate process.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Macquarie.
Bill Carcache - Macquarie Research: Ajay, you mentioned a solution that you, Airtel Africa and Standard Chartered Bank created that won the GSMA Award. I wonder whether you could comment on whether financial inclusion initiatives like these help to better position you with regulators in emerging markets around the world, relative to more developed markets like the U.S. given that you're effectively helping to bring the unbanked into the financial mainstream. And then separately, can you give us an update on the unique identification program in India, and how long it will take before we start seeing some transaction volume as a result of this?
Ajay Banga: Sure. Working with governments in some of the developing countries in the newer growth countries is actually a very important thing to do, both for purposes of our positioning with regulators, but even more so for actually getting into the business model that will develop in those markets. So it's kind of a two-way thing. I don't think we have a choice if we want to grow in those markets and if we see the ability to convert cash to electronic payments in those markets as a very sizable opportunity then we must do some of these things in a smart and sensible way. So I think working with financial inclusion in those markets -- frankly, I think working on financial inclusion, even in the United States, is the right thing to do where 45-odd million people -- people estimate. I don't know if the number is right. It could be off by a few. But 45-odd million people do not have access to full banking. And if all the implications at Durbin come through, who knows that number may actually increase if retail bank accounts end up getting fees of a certain volume. So I see opportunity in that entire space, both from a business perspective but also from the right kind of image for our company locally. I want consumers to choose what we do with our banks and our merchants because of our offering the right solution for them. And so if there are people who need financial inclusion, you've got to find the right fix for them. That's one part of the answer. The unique identifier project in India, I was in India just a couple of weeks back and met with the authority again. We're at an active stage right now as we demonstrated to them that we have adapted and improved our technology to allow issuing banks to be able to connect the 12-digit number issued by the UID authority with a 16-digit number that we would use with the banks. That ability to connect that through biometrics as a way of authenticating the transaction is what we are demonstrating. And in another month or 2, we will actually demonstrate not only the authentication, but declaring and settlement of that transaction with the UID and some partner banks on the ground. The UID authority is in the process of issuing these identifications. It's a fairly complicated process. They've got centers set up, and people come in to give their biometrics, and then a card gets issued. That card is still not payment-enabled. So the whole steps and series here. I actually believe that it could well be another year or so before it starts translating into a real few transaction numbers. Remember the acceptance system also has to be built at the other end for those biometrics to be used for merchants. So there's a lot of work to be done here. And I'm kind of -- my view of this is a bit to the earlier question, being enrolled in what that government is trying to do. They're trying to reduce cash, trying to reduce inefficiency, trying to reduce leakage of subsidies in the system, and we want to be a partner of theirs in that process.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Kissane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Martina, you sketched out marketing expense. Is it possible for you to sketch out pricing and rebates incentives for the balance of the year?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Okay, Jim. Somebody had to ask, right? So you are the one. On the pricing side, the only thing that I can really tell you, which I said already in my prepared remarks is that obviously the April 2010 price increase has anniversaried in April. So you're not going to expect to take that going forward. And we also said that over the 2011 to 2013 period, we have included very little pricing going forward. So that should give you a little bit of help for the rest of the year.  From a rebates and incentive point of view, we typically don't give any kind of guidance on that. Last year was a little bit of an external ordinary period simply because of all the things we had going on in the rebates and incentive line including the change from a pricing point of view. You should just expect us to continue to go hard after new agreements and we will renew all of our agreements so you should expect another busy period this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: My housekeeping question is I was wondering where you stand on providing us updated Maestro data? And I guess the second question is, just that acceleration in U.S. credit card volume growth, I was wondering what was driving that trend. Is it a focus by your customers on the transactor-type customer, or is it same customer volume growth?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Sanjay, let me take your housekeeping item first. Yes, we're trying to get our head around whether or not to put Maestro data out in the market. And we’ve just done quite a bit of analysis. And in the end, we actually concluded that based of the analysis, if you put out the data in the market, it really does not explain our revenues drivers any better than what we have. And let me just explain to you why. First of all, those fees that we're getting from domestic assessment revenues, half of those are actually driven by card fees or other non volume-related fees. So if you want to relate it to volume, half of them just don't relate to volume, and so you just don't have a very good explanation from a driver point of view. The other thing is from a cross-border point of view, as you know, quite a bit of our Maestro fees do come from cross-border transactions. However, the volume of those cross-border transactions compared to total volume is extremely small. And then it's further complicated by that most of those come from the intra-Europe transactions, which have lower pricing as you know, than cards being used outside of Europe. And then lastly, we do still deal with some data inconsistency and particularly in countries where we do not have volume-driven fees, and the volume does not get reported to us. However, the one thing that we do have and we always had in there is Maestro transactions. Any Maestro transactions that we transport over our network are in that process transaction count. And I think that's actually the best way to look at Maestro, simply because it's also over time -- and as Ajay said in his prepared remarks, it will take some time. But over time, you will see some impact from all the great works that our people in Europe do on SEPA. So I think that's where we are leaving it at this point in time.
Ajay Banga: So as far as your question on U.S. credit volume is concerned, I've said that 2 or 3 things inside there. The first one is, remember, we've also got now some trusts, some business coming in there. Remember that we've got some recovery in the market with most of the banks being willing to go back and look for credit accounts. But the fact is we aren't seeing as yet a huge drop in the number of credit accounts. In fact, in the first quarter, the number of accounts for us still decline by a very small percentage in the United States. But it sort of -- let's say the decline -- the rate of decline has reduced somewhat. So I don't know that the answer has anything to do with accounts. I think it has just to do with the consumer being willing to spend and use their credit lines and their cards. That's truly what's going on. There has been a good recovery in cross-border in the United States both coming in and going out, and I think that's part of it. Promotional cards on the other hand are actually going well and that’s yet another aspect of the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Moshe Katri with Cowen.
Moshe Katri - Cowen and Company, LLC: Martina, in terms of the impact of contract renewals and rebates for the remainder of the year, are we talking about an unusual number of contract renewals here versus 2012?
Martina Hund-Mejean: 2012 or 2010? I didn't know what you were asking – but no, from a renewal point of view, what I'm looking at is a similar active year as in 2010. The only thing that we are still watching out for is, as Ajay had already said from a Durbin point of view, with some issuers are taking business forward as usual, and they're getting their head around it. And for some issuers, they will be waiting a little bit until the final regulations are known. But generally across the world – and you know, now 60% of our revenues come outside of the United States. We are on the ground, and there's a lot of activity going on, so I expect that 2011 will be a similarly active year like 2010.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom McCrohan with Janney Capital Markets.
Thomas McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Martina, just wanted an update on gas prices. They’ll certainly probably provide some benefits this quarter. Can you give us an update on how payment volumes and net revenue growth were impacted by fuel inflation?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Sure. Gas prices did help a little bit in terms of driving. I have to tell you it helped slightly, okay, to drive the volume and the transaction. From a volume point of view, it's now about 8%, just about 8% of volume and it’s just slightly over 15% from a transaction point of view. So it moved the needle just a little bit, and you can see from an average ticket point of view, it also went up just very slightly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just quickly on the specialty. Just on the discussions with the banks, maybe, Ajay, if you could just give us some sense on whether the banks are at this point at all indicating that they want to bundle discussions potentially on credit and debit as you sort of think about a post-Durbin post-Card Act world, and just help us walk through what you guys are hearing from the banks directly, and maybe any sense from you guys on what you're thinking around some of the mitigation strategies might be. Obviously new products and things like that are going to help, but any sense there in terms of how the banks are talking to you guys, and are they bundling credit or debit at this point?
Ajay Banga: Your question’s a very deep question. And I haven't yet seen bundling of debit and credit discussions. Although remember that the way banks operate those 2 businesses tend to be in somewhat different business lines inside, and they're answering different consumer needs in many ways. So I don't know that, that actually will lead to a bundling in some way other than with maybe a few very large global accounts where that kind of conversation may happen. This fee, it's early -- it's very, very difficult to talk about what banks are planning to do with Durbin just because in the last couple of months, given all the progress on trying to get the bill on the floor of Congress, the focus has been around that. At the same time, within our company is with all the issuing organizations. There are teams of people working on different scenarios to do with where this could end up. My sense is that some of it is pretty much out there in the open, that the level if it were to go through the way it was originally proposed, the level of, let's say, revenue going away from issuer revenue lines is so large that they're going to have to find ways to get back some of that. And that's the experience we had in Australia, whether it be through fees on checking accounts or fees on cards, or restricted expenditure on debit cards of certain types, or the stoppage of rewards on debit cards or the disincenting of employees in branches to sell debit cards, all of which might lead to a somewhat different way of consumer spending, maybe more on their credit line. It might also lead to a number of consumers not being able to afford their banking accounts with as much ease as they used to, and that may lead to a prepaid card getting more and more attention, and issuers as a way to cater to that customer. So at the lower end of the spectrum, you know what I mean? So from credit on one end, to paper at the lower end, to the actual impact on debit, then think within debit, it's unclear to me right now, whether signature and PIN will be here the way they used to. It's unclear to me whether merchants will be incented to put in more PIN pads or not if the -- if the discount rate on the 2 is the same. It's unclear to me therefore how merchants will behave in this. And so there are so many imponderables that what we've got is a series of different, let's say, situations and our operating system within those. And that's what we're doing, and it's like a whole laundry list of things that are going on inside our company and inside our competitors, I'm sure, and inside issuing banks. That's kind of where it is.
Operator: At this time, our next question comes from the line of David Togut with Evercore Partners.
David Togut - Evercore Partners Inc.: I apologize if this question was asked. I was joining late from another call. But Ajay, have you had any conversations with the Federal Reserve with respect to their leanings on network non-exclusivity, alternative a versus alternative b?
Ajay Banga: No, I haven't actually. Because if you remember during the comment period, they had no conversations whatsoever. And they're still now working through figuring it out because I am not going to have any direct conversation with them after the original discussions that have been happening. However, people in different organizations, ours and others, have, I'm sure, in the last couple of weeks been engaged in those conversations. But we have no way of knowing what's in their mind.
Operator: This concludes our time for questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Barbara for closing remarks.
Barbara Gasper: Ajay, do you have something you’d like to add at the end?
Ajay Banga: Just a few closing thoughts. As we have said, Martina and I, we're off to a really good start for 2011. We kind of remain positive about our ability to deliver on those longer-term financial objectives that she reminded you about. But we are very cognizant of 2011 not being without its challenges. First and foremost, there is the impact of those natural disasters and political upheaval that we’ve just got to continue to keep an eye on. Secondly, while there are a number of positive signs in the economy, we continue to watch the economy very carefully, given concerns that remain around unemployment and the housing market in the United States, and as Martina reminded you, around food and oil prices around the globe. And of course, we've got to keep working our way through the ultimate impact of this U.S. debit regulation, which will depend both on the final regulation, the outcome of the bill, what the Fed said and of the reactions of all the stakeholders. As we've said and as Martina said, we are going to continue to invest in our business. This is part of the execution of our strategy to differentiate MasterCard and position the company to capture more than its fair share of growth. We have made several significant steps recently, including the acquisition of Travelex's Card Program Management assets and DataCash, as well as we've established for some JVs, mostly in the mobile payment space. We look forward to communicating more such developments in the future. Thank you for your time today, and thank you for your faith in our company.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. That concludes the presentation. You are free to disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Gasper - IR Ajay Banga - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of MasterCard International and President of Mastercard International Noah Hanft - Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Payment System Integrity Officer, Corporate Secretary, General Counsel and Member of Executive Committee Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Adam Frisch - Morgan Stanley Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray Companies Craig Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Jason Kupferberg - UBS Investment Bank
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the MasterCard's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2010 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Eric, I'll be your audio coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn our presentation over to Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Eric. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today, either by phone or webcast, for a discussion about our fourth quarter and full year 2010 financial results. With me on the call today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, highlighting some key points about the business and our financial results, we will open up the call for your questions. This morning's earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at mastercard.com. The earnings release and slide deck have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier today. A dial-in replay of this call will be available for one week through February 10, as well as posted on our website for 30 days. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today's call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our recent SEC filings. With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Ajay Banga. Ajay?
Ajay Banga: Thank you, Barbara. Good morning, everybody. Before Martina gets into the details of the results, I thought I'd comment on some operational drivers for the quarter, a little bit on our thoughts on the U.S. regulatory front, as well as our recent business highlights.    For the fourth quarter, we saw net revenue growth of 10.7% as reported or 13% in a constant-currency basis, with healthy growth in gross dollar volume of 11%, cross-border volume grew 18.7%. All that put together helped to fuel fourth quarter operating income growth of nearly 22% and operating margin of 39.6% and EPS growth of 41%.  For the full year 2010, we delivered 8.6% revenue growth or 9.5% on a constant-currency basis, operating income growth of almost 22% and EPS growth of 26%. This was driven by strong operational performance, including 9.1% gross dollar volume growth and 15.2% cross-border volume growth.  The volume growth for the quarter remained strong outside of the U.S. And we began to see an uptick in the U.S., as well, where fourth quarter volume turned positive. And this is supported by commercial credit volume growth, which was positive for the third consecutive quarter and consumer credit volume growth in the United States, which turned positive for the first time in 11 quarters. Additionally, excluding the de-conversions, underlying U.S. debit growth remained strong.  Now these trends are generally supported by our spending post-data as well, spending on necessities such as gross fees was actually above pre-recessionary levels, and discretionary spending, apparel, restaurants showed an improvement although spending in these categories still is below pre-recessionary levels. Based on the spending trends we've seen and the improving consumer confidence, I think I'm cautiously optimistic that we will see continued improvements in 2011. It's just that it's hard to see sustained growth until the housing market and unemployment improve.  So let me now go on to the U.S. regulatory update and touch briefly on that for the legal and regulatory developments here in the U.S. As you've probably just seen, we just filed an 8-K to announce that we have executed a judgment and settlement sharing arrangement in connection with our merchant interchange litigation. While this is not a settlement, it does address the allocation of financial responsibilities among all the defendants. And the 8-K set forth with some details, the various promulgations and settlement and judgment scenarios and in a situation where all parties agree to settle, MasterCard's portion of the total settlement would be 12%.  So now turning to the financial reform bill. Suffice it to say that we were disappointed with the draft rule proposal released by the Fed on December 16. MasterCard is seeking changes to the Fed's proposal. We will continue to advocate to the Fed and lobby in Congress, both independently and through participation in wider industry efforts. And, of course, we will obviously be submitting regular comments to the Fed as part of the official comment process.  I've had the opportunity personally to talk with legislators and regulators in several D.C. visits over the last few weeks. One of the points I've been attempting to clarify is the role MasterCard plays in why this whole interchange issue is so important. We sit in the middle of the payment chain, linking consumers, merchants and banks, all types and all sizes of banks, and we provide products and solutions that are all in at a line that's convenient and secure electronic payment that we all love so dearly to occur. Interchange revenue goes to the issuer not to us, so why is it our issue? And the answer is very simple. What we care about is the health and the vibrancy of the payment system. I care about the continuation of innovation and benefits for all the participants in the payment system. At the end of the day, interchange provides the balance between the cost consumer space and the cost merchant space. When that balance is interfered or tinkered with, the unanticipated consequences become very, very concerning. The balance tilting towards consumers having to pay more for these payment-related services and innovation being stifled at the other end.  So you can ask some interesting questions saying, "Why do the Fed -- did they take into account the right cause?" "Was this the right process for a law to be enacted, no debate, no hearings, no analysis no evaluation of the consequences to consumers and others?" And those are all the right questions for legislators and the Fed. Some see this as a battle between banks and merchants and, yes, to a large extent, it is. The consequences to the balance I mentioned earlier are serious. Consumers stand to bear these additional costs, and in some cases, face the loss of access to banking services. It seems to me that the implications are about far more than addressing a battle between large banks and retailers. This is about understanding the consequences to consumers and the payment system, and this debate has been relatively forgotten up until now. That said, as investors, it's important for you to keep in perspective the implications of these regulations to our company, to our business, even if the rules are implemented as currently proposed by the Fed.  So let me emphasize a few points. First, we continue to believe that impacts on our debit business will be manageable. The rules regulate debit interchange in the United States, not our network fees. MasterCard does not earn revenue from the interchange, excluding prepaid U.S. debit, remember, represents approximately 40.25% of total MasterCard net revenues in 2010.  Second, while our network fees are not being regulated, for sure we anticipate some discussions with issuers regarding our fees. By the way, that's not a new thing. We routinely have discussion with issuers on the cost of our network services when contracts come up for renewal. You would expect that. We have a proven track record of navigating these negotiations in a way that achieves an appropriate value for the services we provide, while making the issuers get the appropriate incentive for them, for the work they do.  Third, we continue to anticipate some potential upside to our volumes as a result of the routing non-exclusivity, regardless of how it finally gets sorted out. So from a share perspective, as I said in the past, we have more to gain than to lose. We think that our real near-term opportunities to sell in our strong PIN solution. Remember, it's the only one that operates globally.  And beyond this, MasterCard offers a wide range of product constructs to help consumers who are maybe looking for alternatives for debit. Unless you believe that consumers in the United States will revert to cash and check -- and I think that's a real stretch, I do not believe that -- MasterCard is alternative for those who may no longer be able to afford debit cards, and while it will take a little time for these consumers to adapt. The alternative I'm talking about would allow them to continue to benefit in the convenience and safety of electronic payments.  So it goes without saying that this is a challenging environment for U.S. debit. The Fed's proposal, as currently written, I firmly believe, will harm consumers. We strongly believe in the value prop [proposition] of our debit products. We will work hard to defend the category. That said, the impacts to our business are limited in many respects and the legislation continues to provide opportunities that balance the risks. Whatever happens, by the time these regulations get implemented in the latter part of this year, it would likely only begin to have any impact on MasterCard in 2012. And I remain optimistic that we can navigate through these regulatory challenges in the U.S., just as we had done successfully in other markets in the past.  Meanwhile, we remain focused on executing our growth strategy. In fact, we have signed a significant number of new and renewed deals around the globe in the fourth quarter. So let me take a moment to highlight a few of them. Let's start with prepaid. In December, we announced an agreement to acquire the Card Program Management operations of Travelex, and that's an important driver for our future global prepaid growth. We continue to expect that transaction to be completed in the first half of the current year 2011.  In addition, we have launched multiple prepaid programs during the quarter. I'll give you a few examples. Corporate and consumer reloadable prepaid products in the United States, Mexico, Germany, Italy, Switzerland and with Carrefour, for example, in Romania. And public sector programs in the U.K. and the United States with the State of Illinois Department of Labor, delivering unemployment, other benefits and so on, on a prepaid MasterCard.  In credit, we continued our momentum on the airline co-brand space, targeting the affluent segment and beyond. For example, we have signed deals to flip the SWISS Air Miles & More affluent portfolio and the Austrian Air Miles & More commercial portfolio from another network. We launched programs at Czech Air and Wizz Airlines, one of the largest discount airlines in Eastern Europe. And the good news and I'm pleased to announce this, we have just signed an agreement to launch a program with Alitalia. So the momentum continues here. In fact, in 2010, we renewed, converted and launched over 20 airline co-brand programs around the globe.  So in addition to these airline programs, we launched a co-brand credit card with Tesco and the Bank of Communications in China. And of note here, we have now won 10 of the last 10 competitive co-brand deals in China, all 10.  In Canada, after decades of a non-dual environment, we are really excited for the change to permit duality is finally beginning to pay off for us. Like just this week, we have launched three new affluent credit programs with CIBC, which as you know, is Canada's largest credit card issuer, until recently, was an exclusive partner of a competing network.  So we continue to make great progress in the strategic mobile space, coming at this in a few different ways. As of last week, we announced a joint venture with Telefónica to provide mobile financial solutions in 12 Latin American markets. This should bring together MasterCard's payment assets and our expertise with Telefónica's mobile expertise, as well as its 87 million customers, many of whom do not have access to financial services. So the JV will basically provide them with mobile payment services to transfer money, reload mobile airtime, pay bills, make retail purchases. I think this JV has great potential to increase financial inclusion and expand acceptance and usage of electronic payments in markets where the war on cash is in a relatively nascent stage.  We recently announced an agreement with Airtel Africa and Standard Chartered Bank to link subscribers’ mobile accounts to a virtual MasterCard account number. To start, all that subscribers will do is to use this number to complete mobile e-Commerce transactions. But beyond that, we're actually exploring future capabilities to allow this account number to be able to transact anywhere a MasterCard is accepted. The program starts with Airtel consumers in Kenya, again, many of whom are unbanked, with plans to expand the functionality to key markets within Airtel's footprint across sub-Saharan Africa.  And finally, just last week in the United Kingdom, Barclaycard and Orange announced that they will be launching contactless payments via NFC-enabled [Near Field Communication] phones to their customers this summer. That's the first commercial launch of this kind in Europe, and I'm pleased to say MasterCard is the payment network to support the launch of this service.  So we're sort of getting on pushing hard in mobile around the world, and I think we've gained significant traction over the past year. After many efforts and investments we have in place, some might actually have more significant outcomes than the others. The point is, I'm confident that we are continuously improving our position toward long-term success in this area as the ecosystems get defined.  So with that, let me turn the call over to Martina for a detailed update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin on Page 3 of the deck, which shows our reported results. Net revenue grew 10.7% over last year's fourth quarter to $1.4 billion or 13% on a constant-currency basis. Net revenue growth was driven by increases of 18.7% in cross-border volume, 11% in gross dollar volume on a local currency basis and 6.3% in process transactions. Approximately five percentage points of net revenue growth came from pricing. These drivers were partially offset by an increase in rebates and incentives.  The 4.6% increase in total operating expenses versus last year's fourth quarter was primarily due to higher marketing spending, as well as higher general and administrative expenses as a result of the DataCash acquisition and strategic investments, somewhat offset by lower severance charges.  Operating income was $569 million for the quarter, up 21.6% versus last year. This resulted in an operating margin for the quarter of 39.6%. The effective tax rate declined to 28.7%, primarily due to a benefit recorded in connection with the repatriation of foreign earnings.  We delivered net income of $415 million, up 41.2% over the fourth quarter of 2009 or a 46.2% increase on a constant-currency basis. Earnings per share were $3.16 on a diluted basis. As expected, the DataCash acquisition had a $0.03 dilutive impact in the fourth quarter and an $0.08 dilutive impact for the full year.  On the next couple of slides, we have the breakdown of operational metrics. So on Page 4, you see that worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV was up 11% on a local currency basis in the fourth quarter and grew 10.9% on a U.S. dollar converted basis to $752 billion. By the way, this is the highest quarterly GDV ever.  U.S. GDV was up 2.1%, the first positive growth we've seen in the U.S. since the third quarter of 2008. Across the rest of the world, GDV continued to grow a healthy 16.1% on a local currency basis.  Worldwide credit GDV grew 8.8% on a local currency basis, and U.S. credit GDV growth was positive for the first time since the second quarter of 2008. Credit GDV for the rest of the world grew 11.6% on a local currency basis.  Now worldwide debit GDV grew 15.2% on a local currency basis. And in the U.S., debit GDV grew 2%. Including the impact of de-conversions, which were partially offset by new business wins, underlying U.S. debit growth was healthy and in the double digits.  Debit growth for the rest of the world was about 29%, driven by APMEA and Europe. Cross-border volume growth on a local currency basis was up 18.7%, and this was the strongest cross-border growth in 10 quarters. This was supported by double-digit growth in APMEA, Latin America and Europe, as well as mid-single-digit growth in the U.S., which was a sequential improvement.  Now turning to Slide 5. Process transactions were up 6.3% compared with the year ago quarter at slightly over $6.2 billion. Process transactions continued to grow at double-digit rates in Latin America and APMEA. Process transaction growth has been impacted by a number of factors. And so first, de-conversions in the U.S. and in the U.K. were essentially completed in the fourth quarter. Nearly all of these cards have now rolled off. And second, we have been benefiting from the roll-on of new deals such as the switching deal with Itaú in Brazil and the SunTrust debit deal in the United States. If we exclude the de-conversions in this new business, underlying process transaction growth was about 12%, similar to the rate we saw last quarter. And global card growth was 2.5% to over 1.6 billion MasterCard and Maestro Card.  Now let's turn to Page 6 to discuss the components and revenue and their performance relative to last year's fourth quarter. Domestic assessments increased 14.5% due to increased volumes and the impact of 2010 pricing changes. Cross-border volume fees increased by 3.9%. And excluding the impact of the cross-border pricing structure change, these volume fees actually increased by about 19%. I would like to remind you that the impact of 2009 cross-border pricing is included in the gross revenue and in the rebates and incentives for the fourth quarter of 2009, but it is netted in these line items for the fourth quarter of 2010. And in Appendix A in this slide deck, it lays out the reported and adjusted impact for relevant periods for your reference.  Transaction processing fees grew 9%, and other revenues were essentially flat compared to the fourth quarter of 2009. So in total, gross revenue increased by $159 million or 8.5%.  Rebates and incentives for the quarter were $594 million, up $20 million from the year-ago quarter. However, the increase was $77 million or roughly 15% when adjusted for the cross-border pricing structure change. As Ajay stated earlier, we had a great quarter from a deal-signing perspective, and we saw healthy volume growth, both of which contributed to this increase. And for your reference, for the full year 2010, rebates and incentives were 26.7% of gross revenue, was a 24.1% in 2009 on an as-reported basis.  Now let's turn to Page 7 for some detail on expenses. During the fourth quarter, total operating expenses increased 4.6% or 6.1% on a constant-currency basis. And within total operating expenses, the general and administrative expenses increased 2.3%. This growth was primarily due to increased investment in support of strategic growth initiatives such as prepaid, e-Commerce and mobile, as well as the inclusion of $9 million of DataCash's operating expenses, following the close of the acquisition at the end of October. This was partially offset by a decrease in severance charges on a year-over-year basis.  Advertising and marketing expense was up 6.8% versus the fourth quarter of 2009 or 8.2% on a constant-currency basis, primarily driven by customer-specific initiatives and support of sports sponsorships outside of the U.S., as well as by increased support of strategic priorities, including prepaid and debit. Depreciation and amortization increased 9.1%, primarily due to the DataCash acquisition.  So turning to Page 8, let's just take a quick look at our strong 2010 full year performance, which we are particularly proud of, given the headwinds that we faced throughout 2010. We achieved full year net revenue of $5.5 billion, up 8.6% and nearly 10% on a constant-currency basis. And as a result of the net revenue growth and slightly lower operating expenses, full year operating income increased nearly 22% versus 2009 and resulted in an operating margin of 49.7%.  Net income for the full year was $1.8 billion, which includes the benefit of the slightly lower tax rate. This net income represents a 26.2% increase over 2009 or 27.9% on a constant-currency basis. And EPS was $14.05, up 25.9% versus 2009.  So moving to the cash flow statement and balance sheet highlights on Page 9. We generated $670 million in cash on operations in the fourth quarter, driven by net income adjusted for non-cash items and partially offset by litigation settlement payments. And we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and other liquid investments of $4.2 billion, even after closing on the acquisition of DataCash.  So the combination of M&A activities from the latter part of 2010, as well as finalizing the merchant litigation judgment and sharing agreement that Ajay just referenced, that we just have announced, has prevented us from being in the market for our $1 billion share repurchase program.  So let's turn to Slide 10 and first, I'll discuss 2011, starting with an update of what we have seen of our MasterCard process volume for the first quarter through January 28. Our cross-border volume grew roughly 18% globally, in line with what we saw in the fourth quarter. This was due to continued strengths in Asia/Pacific, Latin America and Europe, as well as an improving trend in the United States.  Although not a perfect proxy for GDV, total U.S. process volume grew 1%, about the same level that we saw in the fourth quarter. As a reminder, the first quarter of 2010 included volume related to the debit business that has now essentially rolled off. Therefore, from a comparative point of view, we're still facing a headwind, which will be partially offset by our new business wins and particularly in the first two quarters of 2011.  In January, total process volume growth for the rest of the world was about 22%, ahead of the 19% pace that we saw in the fourth quarter due to continued strengths across APMEA, Latin America and Europe. And globally, process transaction growth was about 9%, but if you exclude the effects of the net headwind and process transactions actually grew 12%, signaling a healthy underlying usage trend, which is in line with what we have seen over the past two quarters.  So now let me spend a little time to outline a few preliminary thoughts on our view of 2011. We expect net revenue growth for the year to be ahead of 2010 growth, benefiting from a continued economic improvement in the U.S., as well as by the momentum of new business wins. Our growth rate in the first half of 2011 will be lower than the growth rate in the second half of the year. This is primarily due to last year's first half including more volume related to the debit de-conversions.  We remain committed to our target of a minimum 50% annual operating margin. As we have discussed at our Investor Day last September, there are a number of strategic areas in which we are making significant investments, and you have seen some of that investment spending already occur in the latter part of 2010. As a result, we are targeting only a small operating margin expansion in 2011. This includes the impact of the DataCash acquisition and our investment in areas such as e-Commerce, mobile, prepaid, commercial and information services. We expect this will impact all expense line items.  In addition, our pending acquisition of the Program Management business on Travelex could have a $0.04 dilutive impact. We have also hedged the purchase price of this acquisition, and the final impact will depend on movements in the currency market. We continue to expect this acquisition to close in the first half of the year. For modeling purposes, you should assume a full year tax rate of 33%, similar to the rate we saw in 2010.  Before we move into the Q&A, let me briefly touch on our 2011 to 2013 performance objectives, which continue to be a net revenue CAGR [compounded annual growth rate] of 12% to 14%, a minimum operating margin of 50% on an annual basis and an earnings per share CAGR of at least 20%. Recall, that we have said that these objectives are all on a constant-currency basis and exclude acquisitions, except for DataCash and Travelex. Obviously, we'll have to look at these objectives when there is more clarity around the longer-term impact of the final U.S. debit regulations on our business, but they currently remain unchanged.  Let me now turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session. Barbara?
Barbara Gasper: Thanks, Martina. We're now ready to begin the question-and-answer period. And in order to get to as many people in our remaining 30 minutes, we ask that you limit yourself to a single one-part question and then queue back in for additional questions.  Eric, would you like to kick off the Q&A, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: I guess just from your conversations, how sincere do you believe are the efforts by some of those legislators to scale back the Fed's proposal? Do you think it's a high probability event?
Ajay Banga: It's hard to predict what -- when you put sincerity and politics in the same space. So I don't know to say that correctly. I can't predict that. I don't know how to do it. But I would say this to you, they certainly, the ones I met, even the ones who are not completely supportive of looking at this, they all understand what they're discussing. A number of prominent legislators have come out and said that the unintended consequences of this could be more than they had anticipated. You've heard Barney Frank, you've heard retired Senator Chris Dodd, you've heard others. You know there's going to be a hearing in the House in a few days’ time. So my sense is that if you'd asked me the same question three weeks ago, I would've been much more despondent about where this is going. I feel a little better now that at least a debate has a good chance of arguing. I don't know if that will lead to any change. I'm planning as though it won't, but I'm going to try my best to help make a change happen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Frisch with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Frisch - Morgan Stanley: Ajay, we're hearing the same thing out of D.C., and I'll refrain from congratulating you on the 12% until we know that it's 12% of what. But at least, we're making some progress there. My question is, in the past, the feeling I got was that MasterCard was not as willing to use its A&M [advertising and marketing] line to help fund customer-specific initiatives. Does the color around this line item in 4Q indicate a change of thinking? In other words, that you're more open to using this big source of operating leverage here to offset pressures in other areas and preserve the margin trajectory?
Ajay Banga: That's a deep question. What it really refers to is how they're going to use our P&L and our business model leverage to drive for growth in our company. And one of the ways is through A&M, but a deeper way is all the strategic initiatives in mobile, e-Commerce, prepaid, that kind of stuff. In fact, in the fourth quarter, we've had a tax benefit and Martina and I took the opportunistic call to use some of that space to actually put some effort and energy back into a couple of the things we were investing in. And I'm going to keep trying to do that. I'm committed to maintaining that 50% operating margin, but I'm also committed to using the dollars above that margin to try and keep building the company for the next 10 years. And I think that this decade in payments is going to be a remarkably different decade. There's going to be changes in form factors. There's going to be changes in competition. Technology is changing everything. And I want to be a part of that change and a part of defining the ecosystem. As I've told you personally and I've told others in the Investor Day and through meetings, that's going to involve taking some risks and putting some money on the table. And I think so long as we are thoughtful about those risks, and we learn from the money we invest, we can really come out these next few years ahead of the curve. And that's what I'm trying to do. If you had talked to me a year, a year and half ago about mobile, you would've heard we were doing some pilots. Then a lot of momentum has come about in the last one year, and mobile network operators and us are engaged in really sensible practical conversations. I don't know which one of these investments in prepaid, in e-Commerce, in mobile, in advertising will hit the ball out of the park, but I think -- maybe none of them will individually -- but put together, they will really position MasterCard the right way for the coming decade. That's what I'm trying to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg with UBS.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS Investment Bank: I wanted to just drill in on the Telefónica JV a little bit more. It seems particularly interesting down there in LatAm [Latin America]. Can you give us any general sense of the size of the investment you're making? Perhaps how long it might take for this JV to start generating a meaningful amount of revenue, because it seems like there's a ton of opportunity there as you outlined just tapping into that consumer base?
Ajay Banga: Yes, look, this thing is going to be owned 50-50 by us and Telefónica. And it's a [indiscernible] (00:53:14) markets, my whole logic for this is, we'll make money two ways in this JV. One is the single line item that will come through that will reflect the net share of profits that all losses that, that JV will make. That will come through as a plus or a minus on our revenue line. But the other side is, when people use existing MasterCard form factors to spend and there will happen to be a part of this, of the consumers of this JV, that gives me another stream of revenue, which won't show up in this line. It will show up in my regular business line. To me, both those are going to be really interesting because with the partnership for Telefónica, I get a way to reach both types of revenue streams. I'm hopeful that we will get some initial benefit from existing MasterCard kind of consumers. I think reaching out to the unbanked and to provide for financial inclusion does have a longer-term angle to it. But I think both are very interesting aspects for our future. They are investments. This is not the kind of stuff that pays back in day one or month one or quarter one or maybe even in some cases, year one. It depends from one investment to the other. And so I'm not going to make any specific comments on any one investment. But I've got the ability and the thinking within our operating leverage as a company that's set to Adam's question a little while ago, to put some money on the line to help drive and drive the ecosystem that will come about in mobile. And actually, the bigger question to me is, I don't know which way mobile payments will develop. I know they'll develop. I just don't know which way they'll develop. I don't know whether the developing world will end up being somewhat different from the developed world in terms of the nature of how mobile ecosystems get taken up. In the developed world, it may be that contactless becomes more interesting. It may be, I don't know. On the other hand, in the developing world, it may be that SMS-based mobile commerce, mobile payment gateway-based systems may become more interesting. All I'm determined to be is to be a part of that ecosystem each way, to help drive it and to help drive the value generation from that. I don't want to stand on the sideline and watch. And that's kind of what I'm trying to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Craig Maurer with CLSA.
Craig Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I had a question about prepaid. Western Union reported the other day, I would imagine they're probably one of your most important global partners in prepaid. They actually called out prepaid for the first time as a material contributor to revenue. So I wanted to ask how globally you're seeing your prepaid cards being used – are a higher proportion being reloaded or are these being -- are they generally being used as one-use throw-away cards? So I wanted to hear your thoughts on how that market is evolving as it's becoming material to some other company's revenue?
Ajay Banga: First of all, Western Union is a good partner, and they've got some pretty cool distribution and they have their own challenges. But at the end of the day, they're a good partner and we're in regular contact and dialogue with them for business growth in different aspects, not just prepaid with them. Having said that, your question was more about prepaid than Western Union. So the first part is, I have a very low interest in single-use prepaid cards because the P&L impact of those is less than attractive. You just don't get to amortize the acquisition cost of multiple uses of that card. So if you take a gift card and it's the way the prepaid market developed, but the average gift card load in the U.S. used to be, I'm talking a few-months old numbers $75, $80. And there is the average multiple reuse reloadable Social Security kind of card goes all the way to $800, $900, $1,000, so the economics are obvious. And I'm much more interested in the reloadable cards, both for corporate reloadable purposes, payrolls and the like but also for individual general purpose reloadables. And that's where we're putting our effort and energy. Having said that, the biggest market right now is the United States. And the others are beginning to grow, but right now, it's still the U.S. And in the U.S., a lion's share of the market is reloadable cards. And that's kind of where we're focused in the U.S. Outside of the U.S., the market is still developing. In some countries, gift cards are again, the front end of the wedge just as they were in the U.S. In others, it's more the reloadable side. And frankly, if I had my way, I would always be promoting the reloadable ones as you can sense from where I'm going. But in general, the Travelex kind of card is much more a reloadable card and much more focused on that space, as an example than the one-time load. Just as one example.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros with Morgan Stanley (sic) [Goldman Sachs].
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Ajay, can you maybe walk us through a little bit on some of the discussions you might be having with the banks about their attitude or options for offsetting some of this potential loss interchange revenue on the debit side? Is there any sort of preference that they're thinking about in terms of how they would potentially offset some of this stuff?
Ajay Banga: Let me put it for you this way. You've probably been hearing a number of the bank CEOs on their earnings calls over the last few weeks. And that gives you a pretty good sense of the similar form of discussions that they are having with a number of them. It all has to do with their comprehension that the debit card was an integral part of their entire checking account and branch banking business. It wasn't a stand-alone business. And therefore, when they looked at the cost of a checking account or providing branch banking services with ATMs and customer service and phone calls and all that kind of stuff, they view the debit card as helping to provide for good profit margins there. Of course, they also earn profit margins from the spread on the deposits they're taking versus the lending they do. Now on low-interest environment, that's currently a challenge but that's not an always perpetual case. But they basically make money from these two places. And they've got to make it back if it's going to go away in such a large way, away from their P&L. And so the different things they're looking at are the ones they've described. They're looking at fees. A number of them have already put in fees for checking accounts, for ordering checkbooks, for statements. They're looking at fees on different aspects of transactions that impact their earning in their retail banking business. They're looking at reducing the reward levels on their debit card activity. They're looking at fees on debit cards. They're looking at restricting the manner in which debit cards get used, either for large-ticket items because of concerns around fraud losses or at the bottom end, for small-ticket items. And so there's a series of things going on. My concern, which I tried to explain a little earlier, is that this could actually lead to one completely unintended consequence, which is a number of people dropping out from the bottom of getting access to regular banking. And I think that's going to be a circumstance that the United States does not want to confront. We already have 40 million to 45 million people who have -- those estimates vary but those are old estimates -- that don't have the right access to banking, that go to check cashers, that go to payday lenders or unofficial borrowing methodologies for getting their access to money. I just worry about where all this is going, and I think that in an effort to reallocate profits between big banks and big retailers, the dialogue has got to take into account these kinds of consequences. I think that's what the bank CEOs are trying to say, although at the end of the day, given who they are, the dialogue very quickly turns to, "How you will make back your money?" as against, "What's the unintended consequence?" I happen to be in the position where I can focus on the unintended consequences and a little less on how I make back the money, but that's just my luck of where I am today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Valentin with FBR Capital Markets.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Just along the A&M line, I think it came up earlier, maybe using A&M to maybe engage issuers. But just wondering on the merchant side, given potential for exclusivity to go away, have you kind of focused on merchants and trying to engage merchants and become more of a partner rather than just providing transaction services?
Ajay Banga: Yes, absolutely. All over the world, I think this company is making enormous effort with merchants. I actually view my role as being the player between the banks, the merchants and the consumer. And so to me, all three are interesting, and you'll see us focusing on all three categories. I'm driving a lot of thinking, not just on banks of all shapes and sizes and not just on merchants of all shapes and sizes, and I'll give you a few specific examples. But even on focusing on how consumers think about their relationship with merchants and banks as a way of packaging and marketing products to them, that satisfy their needs. So let me give you an example of merchants in specific. Look at Carrefour. Carrefour in France is now one of our most interesting clients and one of our most interesting partners. And some time back, they had already crossed about 2.5 million to 3 million cards issued with us, not just in France but as I was mentioning a little earlier in the call, now even in Romania. And I've missed out a bunch of countries where they're already doing business with us. They're the ones who launched contactless MasterCard-only cards and helped us in fact to take advantage of the changes caused by the separate sort of rules in Europe. Just one example. Walmart in the United States issues our payroll card to their employees. 600,000 of them or so have signed up to get the payroll card with us and not have to get paid by a check, just another way of doing business with them. We do, through advisers, we do business with them on figuring out how to make more money or better targeted marketing to individual customers. We do business with airlines and Internet merchants across the world in different ways. With Amazon, we had an Amazon Gift Finder towards the end of last year. We are their chosen partner of choice in many countries around the world. I could just keep going with this list here. So is there more to be done? 100%. Am I satisfied with where we are on building merchant relationships? No. But do I feel better about it today than two years ago? Absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Ajay, can I ask you to opine on the future of PIN debit? I know there's been a lot of discussion about how the Durbin rules are ultimately going to be implemented, interpreted, et cetera. It strikes me that one of the unintended consequences is that with the convergence of PIN and signature debit interchange, one of the two payment forms may ultimately fall out of favor. It seems like there's less impetus for both to coexist over the long term. Have you given any significant thought to how you see that evolving, assuming that the Durbin rules are implemented around interchange, at least, as currently contemplated?
Ajay Banga: Yes, Andrew. If it all goes through the way it is right now and the convergence does happen, clearly, there's going to be, over a period of time, some change in the way this thing is looked at because the merchants will have a different view, the banks will have a different view, and consumers will want to choose based on what card they have. But it's very interesting. If you think about MasterCard, we were the guys who focused on PIN debit in the United States for many years through our eventual costs in some ways on our market share with inadequate focus on signature debit. You know that Maestro is the leader in PIN debit around the world and is the only actual, if you think about Cirrus and Maestro, those are the only global interoperable schemes. And so to me, PIN debit is in many ways, an interesting aspect of providing consumers access to their own money in that sense. In India, the State Bank of India issues, they're our single largest issuer of debit cards, Maestro cards, anywhere in the world today has one issuer. Again, PIN debit-based. So yes, I think PIN debit's going to be an interesting evolution. The way we're looking at it, I'm prepared to go both ways because I'm very confused about which way this exclusivity rule will go. And I clearly hope it doesn't go the way of two signature and two PIN because that will just be confusion confounded. But who knows? But if it doesn't go that way and it goes one signature and one unaffiliated PIN or one PIN and one unaffiliated signature, then I believe that as the interchanges converge, that there is an increasing role for PIN. I don't know if it will be as profitable as the past for all the parties involved, but there will be a role. And I am very much willing to use our global schemes to play in that space.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I actually wanted to ask about the litigation, the updates you gave. You mentioned, Ajay, I think the 12%. But just looking at the 8-K, it also discusses your -- read your portion under global settlement at 33%, which is, I guess, similar to the Walmart case. So can you help reconcile those two numbers? And I'm not a lawyer but also, does this effectively mean that the defendants are now waiting for the merchants to do the same thing in order for the class to be certified, so we can set a trial date and move forward, et cetera?
Ajay Banga: Okay, so fortunately, I'm not a lawyer either. That's the good news. But let me spill a little bit more about this, Tien-Tsin, just for a second. And I do have Noah sitting here who's my General Counsel, who's looking a little disturbed at my saying “fortunately.” Neither you nor I are lawyers but, hey, that's what makes us decent guys. So you have the deal, all the jokes aside. By entering into this judgment and settlement sharing agreement, what we're doing is we've defined and capped a percentage of our financial exposure in the case of an adverse kind of judgment or settlement. And the percentage that we've agreed to in the sharing agreement is what that will come out at rather than potentially 100%. So in the event of a global settlement, which involves Visa, involves the bank defendants and involves MasterCard, MasterCard would pay 12% of the monetary portion of the settlement. However, in the event of a settlement which involves only MasterCard and the defendant banks with respect to their MasterCard issuance, which could happen, then MasterCard would pay 36% of the monetary portion of that settlement. So that's the difference between those two numbers. This same percentage is, just to clarify, apply in the event that any of the cases go to trial and an adverse monetary judgment is rendered on any of those cases. Now where this came about was based on lots of negotiation. What we are pleased about is at least our share is not capped. Also importantly for us, Tien-Tsin, the covered cases in these agreements kind of parallel the cases that are covered as a part of Visa's retrospective liability plan, meaning in English, the covered cases include the existing proposed class action and the individual merchant actions, as well as any future opt-out merchant actions. So it's the whole lot. I don't know if the merchant cases will settle or not, which is to the latter part of your question. Just to engage in confidential mediation efforts, all the defendants are still awaiting decisions on their motions to dismiss. The court has not yet ruled on the merchant's motion for class edification. So everybody's kind of working on an additional round of briefings. No trial date has been set. This stuff is still very much up in the air as far as all that is concerned. All we've got done is get a value to our share of the responsibility. The 12%, if it's a global settlement, the 36%, if it's MasterCard, and the defendant banks for their share of the MasterCard issuance. I'm almost a lawyer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Brendler. [Stifel, Nicolaus]
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I just wanted to, Ajay, if you could please provide any color or update on what you're hearing or any sort of discussions that you've had regarding signature exclusivity on the debit side. I mean, it seems like for you, it's a little bit of a potential benefit or is it a significant benefit? So are you supportive of signature debit exclusivity going away and opening up that market? It seems like the unintended consequences there could be pretty significant as well. If you can give me a little color on that, that would be great.
Ajay Banga: Well, look, my first perspective is that the signature exclusivity is actually only a subset of a much bigger issue, which is the issue around why a government is involved in setting prices between two economic parties, banks and retailers. I'm struggling with that. And I'm struggling with how they would be better able to define market value than the negotiations that happen on a daily basis between banks and retailers. So that's my bigger issue. I think exclusivity, whether it's signature only, whether it's one signature, one unaffiliated PIN, whether it's, God forbid, two signatures and two unaffiliated PINs, I don't know. I don't know which one of those will come out. And frankly, my perspective on that is, if that's the only option I have, at least I will find a way to make an opportunity out of that just because of my starting position on market share in the United States. That's all I'm saying on it, right? That's kind of where I'm coming from.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So suffice to say, you're not pushing forward at all?
Ajay Banga: No, I'm actually pushing to say that let market forces do their work. That's where I'm coming from.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Any ability to offer an answer or opinion on the probability, hopeful it's low. Does it seem low to you?
Ajay Banga: No, I'm planning on the basis that what's been proposed right now goes right through. That's the way I'm working inside the company, and there are a few of us who are dealing with this situation on the outside are the ones who are working the hardest to try and make whatever effort we can to make our point of view heard. But the company, 99.9% of the company is focused on, this is going through the way it is right now. That's, to me, the only responsible way to work this.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Does that mean signature debit, two signature networks or...
Ajay Banga: That one, I'm confused about. I'm talking about the absolute level of compensation that the Fed seems to have decided as appropriate for the system.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Napoli with Piper Jaffray.
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray Companies: I hear, Ajay, that you feel like you have benefits possibly, but the market has -- it would take your stock price and beat the stock price, [ph] (01:14:44) for the moment is disagreeing. And I guess, I'm trying to maybe if you could quantify a little bit more, 14% of your revenue is U.S. debit. I was hoping you could break that out between -- as Visa has, what percentage comes from merchant acquirer and from issuer? And your thoughts on potential price compression or risk to more or less risk to each of those revenue stream, to each of those parties?
Ajay Banga: Look, I think the first thing, I think the stock price in the market is reflective of many things, and I think the uncertainty around this regulation, just like the uncertainty around the merchant case, does weigh on stock prices. That's what people do, right? That's what investors, analysts and individual buyers also think about. My perspective is and the reason I gave you the 14% is to kind of tell you that this is not a dead stop for this company. And that within that, certainly, some revenue could be at risk depending on where this goes. The reason I keep talking about the other opportunity is just the fact that my market share in debit happens to be much lower than anybody else's in this case. And therefore, the opportunity for me to benefit from a destabilized or changed marketplace, in terms of volume and GDV and transactions exists. Whether those transactions will be as rich in their revenue as they are today, I don't think they will be. So I don't have any way to quantify today's date as to how much of the 14% would be at risk or not. But suffice it to tell you that I don't believe that the majority of it is going to walk out the door. Some of it, absolutely. It will come up for renewals, it will come up for negotiation. The truth is whether this Act happens or not, some of my revenue is at risk every time I go back for a renegotiation. That's kind of how I'm viewing it. And that's what my personal perspective is coming from. And Martina, you've got something to add to that?
Martina Hund-Mejean: No, I think you said it perfectly.
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray Companies: Is there a possibility -- what have you heard out of the credits? And I'm sorry, in your recent discussions in D.C., have you heard anything as with regards to interest and credit or non-interest and credit regulation?
Ajay Banga: I think, I'm quite certain that the merchants would want to raise that whenever they can and they have for many years. But I don't believe that in this currently changed political circumstances that, that is the first priority of anybody in the system. And of course, by the way, as you know, the rationale becomes a very different feature. You're going to look at the losses on the credit book that banks take versus the benefits that the merchants get in that kind of circumstance. There's a whole different set of arguments. But having said that, that's logic and logic is only so good up to a point. So I'm alert to it. We are actively discussing it but at the end of the day, I don't see any movement on it.
Barbara Gasper: Operator, I think we have time for just one more question.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of James Friedman with Susquehanna.
James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Ajay, I just wanted to ask, or Noah if this is more appropriate, with regard to the merchant class action in the 8-K this morning, there were a number of requests in that original complaint, as I recall, monetary damages among them. Should this 8-K be interpreted to suggest that the resolution is going to be purely monetary in damages, and that the other claims in the complaint have been resolved?
Ajay Banga: Noah, I'm going to let you handle that one.
Noah Hanft: The answer is the agreement only addresses the monetary component of any resolution or judgment. So it only addresses the cash component to the extent that there is or isn't any other part of the case, this agreement doesn't speak to that.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our Q&A session. I would like to turn the call over for closing remarks.
Ajay Banga: Thanks. So let me leave you with a few closing thoughts, and thank you for being here today through our conversation. 2010 was just not without its challenges, right? The challenges impacting our performance were kind of primarily the result of economic softness, primarily in the United States, as well as, as you well know, the roll off of a few debit portfolios, some of which we still have this lapping issue that Martina talked about for the early part of 2011. But despite those challenges, we did grow net revenue almost 9% and EPS over 25%. This is fueled by kind of the war on cash as I call it around the world. We saw double-digit volume growth in Latin America, in Europe, interestingly, but also in the Asia/Pacific, the Middle East and Africa. And we left 2010 in a much different place from where we started. The U.S. economy continues to show some improvement. We have not only worked through the roll off of the debit portfolios but we actually won significant new business across the globe. That is contributing to our results and will contribute to our results in the next couple of years.  Additionally, you've already begun to see us execute our growth strategy that we believe will position us for strong long-term growth. So I'm looking at capturing more than our current or fair share of the 85% of transactions around the globe that today are conducted with cash and checks. Those are expensive ways of transacting, and the cost of those methods of transacting are borne by society and not clear to everybody, but they're expensive. So the war on cash makes eminent sense for governments, for consumers, for banks and for merchants. So these efforts we are making include recent moves such as the acquisition of DataCash, the pending acquisition of Travelex's Card Program Management business and, of course, things like the Telefónica joint venture, all of which include an increased focus on consumers. And you will see more. And, of course, 2011 is not going to be without its challenges. The U.S. economy still has its housing and unemployment issues to work through and there's the U.S. debit regulation that we just talked about that we will have to navigate as well. And I'm pretty sure other challenges will come up around the world in different ways. But as we enter 2011, I enter with some optimism. And as I've stated earlier, we will manage through all this and continue to build our share of electronic payments globally. So thank you for your time today, and thank you for your commitment to our company.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes our presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Gasper - IR Ajay Banga - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of MasterCard International and President of Mastercard International Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Adam Frisch - Morgan Stanley Craig Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein Research Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets David Hochstim - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Jason Kupferberg - UBS Investment Bank Timothy Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter MasterCard Inc's. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jeremy, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Ms. Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may proceed.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Jeremy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today, either by phone or webcast, for a discussion about our third quarter 2010 financial results. With me on the call today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following some comments from Ajay and Martina, highlighting some key points about the business and our third quarter results, we will open up the call for your questions. This morning's earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at mastercard.com. The earnings release and slide deck have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier today. A dial-in replay of this call will be available for one week through November 9 as well as posted on our website for 30 days. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today's call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments here today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release as well as contained in our recent SEC filings. With that, I will now turn the call over to Ajay Banga. Ajay?
Ajay Banga: Thanks, Barbara, and good morning, everyone. Before Martina gets into the details of the results, I thought I would comment on some of the operational drivers in the quarter as well as some recent business highlights. So in this third quarter, we saw net revenue growth of 4.7% on an as-reported basis or 7.3% on a constant currency basis. GDV, gross dollar volume, grew 8.45% on a local currency basis, and cross-border volume grew 15.4%, continuing the momentum from the first half of the year. Processed transaction growth was slightly positive for the quarter. And there, we are tempered by the continued roll-off of several U.S. and U.K. debit portfolios. But excluding those deconversions, underlying transaction growth was about 13%. These factors and cost savings are kind of put together would allow us to deliver an operating margin of 53.6% this quarter, a four percentage point expansion over last year's third quarter. And all of this have fueled net income growth of 14.6% or about 19% on a constant currency basis. Reflecting relative economic growth trends, our volume growth outside the U.S. outpaced growth in the U.S. The Asia/Pacific and Latin America regions just continue to deliver strong double-digit growth, driven by both domestic and cross-border volumes as the economic expansion is persisting in these markets. And while it's true that a number of the Asian and Latin American economies are showing good growth in domestic demand, the fact is that consumption in the U.S. and Europe still accounts for more than half of global PCE [personal consumption expenditure]. And so for Asia and Latin America to keep growing at these rates for an extended period, we really need to see consumption pick up again in the U.S. and in Europe. Now aside from that, purchase volumes in Europe remain relatively healthy despite what we all read about the continued macroeconomic situation in the continent. In general, European did not accelerate their spending to the same extent as the other markets did a few years ago, and their response over the last couple of years is also, therefore, more muted. And during the summer holiday season, we continue to see them traveling. And as many of these countries continue to move away from a relatively high percentage of cash transactions, the shift to electronic forms of payment just continues to generate new volume for us. In the U.S., while the market is looking healthier than it did this time last year, the economy continues to show conflicting signals with the Fed [Federal Reserve System] predicting modest improvements until the second half of next year of 2011. U.S. consumer spending appears to be following those very mixed signals even when looking at our own data. And while our U.S. credit volume growth trend continued to improve, it is being driven by commercial credit. Consumer credit growth remained about flat with the second quarter. This is also consistent with our U.S. SpendingPulse data, where September retail sales showed discretionary spend remained largely in check. And that's in contrast to U.S. debit volumes, which, excluding the debit portfolio roll-off, continued to see growth in the mid-teens. So now let me touch a little briefly on two regulatory developments here in the U.S. First, we're pleased to have reached a settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice late in the third quarter. After two years of investigation, the DOJ required us to simply clarify the rules that we already had in practice everyday, which allow merchants to discount. Second, turning to the financial reform bill, we have little more to report beyond what we communicated at our investor community meeting day on September 15. We're awaiting the Fed's ruling. And until we see it, it's impossible to predict the outcome to either MasterCard or the entire payments industry. At our recent meetings with the Fed, we have continued to have a constructive dialogue as we work to gather a complete picture of the U.S. payments industry. Consistent with what we believe you are hearing, we expect the first drop of the Fed's position sometime in December, and we are planning for the range of outcomes that we talked about earlier. Given our U.S. debit share and as some level of exclusivity will go away, we see upside potential for MasterCard. However, we will have to wait for the Fed's decision to determine the true nature of the impact on our business. Meanwhile, we remain focused on executing our growth strategy around the globe. And that is to grow our core Debit Prepaid and Processing businesses, Credit, Debit, Prepaid and Processing, both consumer and commercial, to diversify our geographies by investing in high-growth markets, to diversify our customer set by building relationships with merchants, telcos, governments, transit operators and to bring new businesses in emerging areas, such as e-Commerce and mobile payments. So that's the grow, diversify, build strategy we talked about on the 15th of September. We will continue to drive growth on a local level with a focus on an enhanced consumer experience. So let me take a moment to highlight a few recent news items. You probably heard about some of these at Investor Day, but I wanted to make sure that we fully reflected the news of the quarter as we speak today. So the affluent segment, you heard us say in September that we were going to focus on wealth managers and airlines to reach this important segment, and I'm pleased to say that we have signed a credit agreement with UBS Switzerland Wealth Management to launch World MasterCard. We also signed a debit agreement with Morgan Stanley Smith Barney here in the U.S. We've also recently signed a number of airline co-brands, such as Royal Jordanian Airline and Kingfisher Airlines in India. This is after the momentum in this sector, including some of the previously announced deals with Turkish Airlines and Aeroflot in Russia, and there are others in the pipeline. And building on the success of the Ferrari credit card launched in Spain a few months ago, Santander is now launching a similar co-branded MasterCard in Mexico. And all of these are examples of exciting portfolios given their potential to capture affluent cross-border spend. Moving to debit. In the U.S., I am delighted to announce that Sovereign Bank will upgrade its nearly 2 million card consumer and commercial debit programs to MasterCard next year in 2011, as they would implement the debit processing capabilities of our IPS [Integrated Processing Solutions] platform. This Sovereign win, combined with our SunTrust and Chevy Chase, now part of Capital One wins, continues to reinforce our debit position in the Eastern part of the United States. These are in addition to the Delta Air Lines and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney deals that we also recently announced. Overseas, we have signed an exclusive premium debit agreement with Qatar Islamic Bank to convert their portfolio to MasterCard. Qatar Islamic Bank is one of the top five Islamic banks in the world and has a long history with one of our largest competitors. And in Germany, Barclaycard will be converting all of its co-branded local schemes, plus Maestro cards, to Maestro only by year end. And as a result, Maestro will become the domestic brand for these cards. In Prepaid, we're working with Bank of China and Travelex to sell the Travelex Cash Passport Prepaid MasterCard, which is processed on our IPS platform. We're also working with courier [ph] issuers to introduce similar Travelex Cash Passport MasterCard cards in Korea. We've have just concluded an enhanced renewal of our agreement with NetSpend, which as you know is one of the leading providers of reloadable prepaid debit cards in the United States. And as an example, overseas, in Poland, we are piloting a chip-enabled football club prepaid card that provides an integrated solution for their fans. The card can be used for transit to the stadium, entrance into the stadium and concessions once inside the stadium. In the commercial sector, we had signed two new issuer agreements for Smart Data in Germany, and these are in vision to other recent deals that we've talked about with SunTrust and Chase here in the U.S. And given the pickup in business travel spend globally, commercial is just a very attractive segment for us. Commercial cross-border volumes are growing at twice the rate of consumer cross-border volumes, although both are up double digits. On the Processing front, we signed an agreement with Itaú Unibanco in Brazil to switch their credit transactions. And as a result, we now switched 100% of our issuer's debit and credit transactions in that market of Brazil. In Asia, we made a strategic investment in India-based ElectraCard Services that we believe will accelerate the success of both ElectraCard's and MasterCard's Processing businesses in Asia/Pacific, Middle East and Africa. And in the mobile and e-Commerce space, we're pleased to announce that starting in the first quarter of 2011, MasterCard will be expanding our mobile trials by adding on a large U.S. issuer with micro-secure data functionality. MicroSD, micro security data, basically provides functionality, which enables smartphones to be used as payment devices in stores. It's kind of a big step forward towards trading a digital wallet with a host of financial capabilities built into the latest, most sophisticated mobile phones. So this is a sim card-based event, unlike some of the mobile tag events, which we are already doing, and we're trying to do a number of these to test the market. Also in the quarter, we signed a Memorandum of Understanding with China Union Pay to jointly explore opportunities, starting with e-Commerce and cross-border payments. We entered into an agreement with SingTel from Singapore, which has a position on eight markets in ASEAN [Association of South East Asian Nations], one of the larger mobile operators in Asia, to pursue mobile commerce opportunities. We've also recently agreed to work together with Airtel Africa to explore and pursue business opportunities in mobile commerce in Africa. And finally, I'm of course pleased to announce that we just recently completed our acquisition of DataCash. We are going to hit the ground running in our efforts to further penetrate e-Commerce in Europe and, of course, leverage our combined fraud prevention capabilities across the entire marketplace, including what we do with MiGS [MasterCard Internet Gateway Service] in Asia/Pacific. So we look forward to continuing to report on our progress, not just with DataCash, but also all the other areas I just discussed. And I'm going to turn the call over to Martina for a detailed update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin on Page 3 of the deck, which shows our reported results. Net revenue grew 4.7% over last year's third quarter to $1.4 billion. On a constant currency basis, net revenue grew 7.3% driven by volume increases. This includes growth of 15.4% in cross-border volumes and 8.5% in gross dollar volumes, or GDV, on a local currency basis. Approximately seven percentage points of revenue growth came from pricing, including the effect of cross-border rebates, and this was essentially offset by a net increase in rebates and incentives related to new and renewed customer agreements. The 4.1% decline in operating expenses versus last year's third quarter was primarily due to lower severance as well as savings due to reduced headcount. Our operating income was $766 million for the quarter and resulted in a quarterly operating margin of 53.6%, a 4.2-percentage-point improvement over the year-ago quarter. Our effective tax rate declined to 32.3% primarily due to the repatriation of some foreign earnings and a lower state tax rate, offset by some other discrete adjustments. We delivered net income of $518 million, up 14.6% over the third quarter of 2009 and up 19% on a constant currency basis. Earnings per share were $3.94 on a diluted basis. We previously mentioned that the acquisition of DataCash would have a 5% dilutive impact for the full year, split across the third quarter and the fourth quarter. We saw $0.02 of this dilution come through in the third quarter and expect the remaining $0.03 to impact the fourth quarter. Also, we separately said that there could be a potential impact of up to $0.05 from hedging transactions we entered into to protect against adverse currency movements on the transaction price. We saw a $0.03 negative impact from this FX hedging in the third quarter. We do not expect to see any further impact from this in the fourth quarter. Over the next couple of slides, we have updated our presentation of operational metrics to make it a bit easier for you to follow. The regional breakdown of gross dollar volume and purchase volume that you are used to seeing here can still be found in the tables of our earnings release and on our website. So on Page 4, you can see that worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV, was up 8.5% on a local currency basis in the third quarter and grew 7.8% on a U.S. dollar converted basis to $685 billion. U.S. GDV was down 1.7%, and this is in line with what we have seen over the last couple of quarters. Across the rest of the world, GDV continued to grow a healthy 14.9% on a local currency basis. Worldwide credit GDV grew 6.4% on a local currency basis, similar to the second quarter. It was helped by U.S. credit GDV growth, which was just slightly down, continuing its trend of quarter-over-quarter improvement. And credit GDV for the rest of the world grew 9.6% on a local currency basis. Worldwide debit GDV continued doubled-digit growth of 12.7% on a local currency basis. In the U.S., we saw debit GDV decline 3%. But excluding the impact of deconversions, U.S. debit growth was 15.8%. Debit growth for the rest of the world was just over 30%, driven by Asia/Pacific, Middle East, Africa and Europe. Cross-border volumes growth on a local currency basis was up 15.4%. We saw double-digit growth in Asia/Pacific, Middle East, Africa, Latin America and Europe with low single-digit growth in the United States. Now turning to Slide 5. Here you see processed transactions were up 0.6% compared with the year-ago quarter and a little over $5.8 billion. Processed transactions continue to grow at double-digit rates in Latin America and Asia/Pacific, Middle East, Africa, offset by the debit conversions in the U.S. and the U.K. Excluding those portfolio losses, processed transaction growth was 12.9%. We believe the bulk of the deconversions are now behind us and that the third quarter was the bottom in terms of processed transaction growth. Global card growth was about 1% to just over $1.9 billion MasterCard and Maestro-branded cards. So now let's turn to Page 6 to discuss the components of revenue in their performance relative to last year's third quarter. Domestic assessments increased 11.4% due to increased volumes and the impact of 2009 and 2010 price increases. Cross-border volumes fees increased by 40.2%, about 2/3 of the $155 million increase was due to our October 2009 pricing adjustments. The remainder was due to cross-border volumes growth, which was up, as I said before, by 15.4% on a local currency basis. Transaction processing fees increased 0.6%. Processed transactions, we just said, were up slightly, continued to be affected by the loss of some debit portfolios. And other revenues decreased 2.4% primarily driven by lower compliance and research fees. So in total, our gross revenue increased by $223 million or 12.9%. For the quarter, rebates and incentives grew $159 million, approximately $60 million of this increase was due to rebates associated with last October's cross-border pricing structure. And the remainder was primarily attributed to new and renewed customer agreements, including some of the deals Ajay mentioned earlier. Overall, rebates and incentives represented 26.8% of gross revenue versus 21% in last year's third quarter. So now let's turn to Page 7 for some detail on expenses. During the third quarter, total operating expenses decreased by 4.1%. And within total operating expenses, general and administrative expenses decreased 6.7% primarily due to lower personnel expense, which itself was down by $50 million. Lower severance drove about half of the personnel expense decrease, and we have taken some of these savings and reinvested them into the business. Therefore, overall G&A was about down by $32 million. So advertising and marketing expense was up 4.7% versus the third quarter of 2009 or 6.2% on a constant currency basis primarily in support of campaigns in developing markets, and our third quarter advertising and marketing spend was lower than expected as some programs got pushed out to the fourth quarter. Before getting into some thoughts for our full year 2010, let me give you an update of what we are seeing for MasterCard processed volume for the fourth quarter through October 28 of this year. So our cross-border volume grew 17% globally, ahead of the 15% that we saw in the third quarter, and this was due to an uptick in volume growth rates in Europe, Asia/Pacific, Latin America and the U.S. Although not a perfect proxy for GDV, total U.S. processed volume growth, which was about 2% negative for the third quarter, was flat in October and continues to be constrained by the roll-off of two debit portfolios. Excluding the impact of the debit roll-offs, total U.S. processed volume growth was about 9% versus growth of 7% for the second and the third quarters. This is certainly much healthier growth than with what we saw in the third quarter of 2009 when U.S. purchased volume was actually down by 7%. U.S. credit processed volume was positive in October, slightly ahead of the growth rate that we saw in the third quarter. U.S. debit processed volume growth continues to be down about single digits, but was up by about 24% when you exclude the tempering effect of the debit roll-off. And in October, total processed volume growth for the rest of the world was about 18%, ahead of the 15% pace we saw in the third quarter due to strength in several regions. Globally processed transaction growth was about 4%, including the impact of the four debit portfolio roll-off and 17% excluding that impact. The growth in both processed volume and processed transactions was in part driven by the Itaú processing agreement that Ajay mentioned as well as healthy, underlying usage trends. Now on Slide 9. Let me outline our current view of 2010, which remains consistent with what we talked about on September 15. We expect net revenue growth for the second half of 2010 to be somewhat lower than the 9.7% we saw in the first half, and this is driven by the following factors. First, the roll-off of a few debit portfolios through the year end will continue to dampen our processed transaction growth. And our as-reported growth will remain constrained, at least through the first half of 2011 until the anniversary of the bulk of the deconversions, but this will be somewhat mitigated by the impact of new business rolling on over time. Second, we continue to expect contra [contra-revenue] as a percentage of gross revenue to average 26% to 27% for the full year even with the simplified structure of our acquirer cross-border assessment fee beginning this quarter. Remember that we will collapse all acquirer cross-border rebates into gross revenue with no impact on net revenue. The slide labeled Appendix A in our deck lays out the adjusted impact through the third quarter had this change been implemented back in January. And since this change has only a modest impact to quarterly rebate and incentive levels, contra as a percentage of gross revenue would still be the highest in the fourth quarter due to new and renewed deals and the normal seasonality of rebate and incentives. Now moving on to expenses. Overall, we continue to anticipate our total operating expenses for 2010 to be down slightly versus 2009 levels, including severance charges, as we reinvest in the business and key strategic initiatives. Now turning to the individual components of operating expense. We continue to expect general and administrative expenses to be down slightly from 2009 levels, again, including severance, but fourth quarter will be up more than 10% from the third quarter as a result of continued investments and including the impact of DataCash. Advertising and marketing spend should be up low single digits for the full year. And as we stated previously, up substantially versus the third quarter. And based on our current view, it could actually be a tad higher than last year's fourth quarter advertising and marketing spend. As mentioned earlier, we expect an $0.08 dilutive impact on full year EPS from the DataCash acquisition, of which $0.05 has already been booked in the third quarter. And consistent with my comments on Investor Day, our full year 2010 tax rate will be somewhat lower than we previously expected due to a onetime benefit resulting from some of our tax planning efforts. We now expect that our full year tax rate could be as low as 34%. So as a result of this, we continue to expect to achieve our objective of at least 20% net income growth for the full year. Now remember, when all of our objectives are on a constant currency basis, our as-reported numbers include the impact of foreign exchange, and this represented a 2.6% headwind to net revenue in the third quarter. And we expect a slight headwind for the fourth quarter, assuming the current exchange rates, particularly the euro, to hold for the balance of the year. Now recall that the euro averaged about $1.47 for the fourth quarter of 2009 versus its current level of about $1.39. To date, 2010 has not been without its challenges, including continued mixed signals from the U.S. economy and the roll-off of some debit portfolios. But the fundamentals of our business remain strong with solid volume growth outside the U.S. and a number of new business wins. We are on track to meet our financial objectives for 2010 and want to remind you of our 2011 to 2013 performance objectives that we communicated at our Investor meeting in September. So that it is on a constant currency basis, a net revenue compounded annual growth rate for that period of 12% to 14%, a minimum operating margin of 50% on an annual basis and an earnings per share compounded annual growth rate of 20% plus over the 2011 to 2013 periods. So now, let me turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session.
Barbara Gasper: Thanks, Martina. Before we move to the Q&A session, I'd like to briefly point out Appendix B in the slide deck this quarter, which reflects an update in our treatment of U.S. versus rest of world revenue. We are changing the treatment of the intercompany fee that is paid from Europe to the U.S. The key takeaway for you is that the percentage of our revenue coming from outside the U.S. is slightly higher, further evidence of MasterCard's global presence. But there is no impact to total revenue. We're now ready to begin the Q&A session. And in order to get to as many people as we can during our allotted time frame, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question and then queue back in for additional questions. Jeremy?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And at this time, your first question will be from the line of Jason Kupferberg of UBS.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS Investment Bank: Just wanted to ask a question on the latest U.S. debit wins. And obviously, good to hear about Sovereign as well. Now I think at the analyst meeting, you guys had said that as these new wins kick in, they won't fully offset some of the run-offs you been coping with. But can you start to give us some sense of when collectively these new debit wins will start to kick in, really, at a full run rate as investors start thinking about how to model 2011?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Jason, as you know, usually, that takes a little bit of time. They already talked about the SunTrust deal, and we talked about the debit actually starting in, in the latter part of the third quarter as well as into the fourth quarter. So we actually believe that we'll probably hit our full stride kind of midyear of next year. And I think for all of the other deals that we've been talking about, you pretty much should assume that kind of length in terms of getting the cards into the market and for people to actually activating them and then using them. So as I talked about, we'll still feel a little bit of a headwind in the first part of 2011, like the first six months from the deconversions, but then that's going to come off in the latter part of the year. And in that latter part of the year, you will also see the benefits from the new deals coming in.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS Investment Bank: Can you guys just clarify quickly what percent of your U.S. PIN [personal identification number] debit business in terms of volume is exclusive?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Jason, we don't really talk about that or give any disclosure on that.
Operator: And your next question will be from the line of Adam Frisch with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Frisch - Morgan Stanley: Ajay, given the regulatory environment and the consensus view that it's going to get more rigorous over the next couple of years. Can you provide some color on your views around your use of pricing increases and its impact to growth versus more organic drivers, like emerging markets, e-Commerce, all the things that you talked about recently?
Ajay Banga: Yes, sure, Adam. I don't know that it's the result of the regulatory increases as much as my general perspective on the business. We're in a growth industry. In the sense that if cash is still 85% of retail transactions around the world and even in developed markets as we talked about on Investor Day, cash still has a fairly strong proportion of retail sales, and I believe that to be the bigger opportunity. And if you want to focus on that, and the right way to focus on that is to find consumer-friendly solutions that answer their needs as to why they should no longer used cash for what they use it for today. And mostly these cash transactions tend to be, in the developed world, for small-ticket items. And that's why I'm interested in contactless. That's why I'm interested in the mobile phone, and those kind of things. In the developing world, those cash transactions are not only for small-ticket items. They could be because of the absence of acceptance in certain parts of the world. That's why I'm so interested in the Indian unique identifier project, which takes acceptance to so many small cities and villages in the Indian system. It could be because in some ways, cash allows a certain amount of tax, let's say planning to use a politically correct word, for a number of these emerging markets. So a number of the central banks and the governments in these emerging markets are actually keen to drive down the use of cash to improve the transparency of their economy and their tax revenues. So I kind of look at all these factors coming together. And I switch back to mobile phones, contactless, acceptance, promotions that explain why you should use a card or a different form factor of electronic payments as compared to cash is kind of heavily driving a lot of our energy. I love to answer your question but that's my effort is. Pricing to me is something you use when you see opportunities for strategic spaces in the markets that either give you a better margin in that market or give you the chance to compete more sensibly in some of these markets. I don't view pricing as an end in itself.
Adam Frisch - Morgan Stanley: You've been CEO now for a couple of months. And aside from the obvious changes and your style and the way you communicate to the outside world, it's fairly difficult to gauge what else has changed in MasterCard since you took over. So can you give us some color on some of the internal changes you've driven that can give us a better understanding into how MasterCard may look or operate in the next few years?
Ajay Banga: Well, let's see, what are we doing internally? Everything from recruiting and promoting a number of people into jobs that allow this focus that we're talking about to show up. So we've got a whole bunch of people focused on new channels and new clients and customers, we call that our business development function. So a portion of our sales force, both existing people and new people, have been redirected towards that, hence, the effort against governments and telcos and transit operators and merchants as businesses. We've also invested some amount of resources in beefing up our capability in the e-Commerce and mobile space. We're looking at our entire data and figuring out how to make more use of that data. In our Advisors' [MasterCard Advisors] space, we have reclassified Advisors business to bring it closer to our sales force in a number of the regions, so that we can bring what I consider to be a competitive advantage with Advisors at the front end of our sales force. A number banks, as we talked about on Investor Day, do not have access to thousands of people who will give them great insight into portfolio management, we can do that. We have Advisors sales force. Similarly, we've created MasterCard Labs as a way of driving innovation. I think the earlier conversation we had about mobile phones and e-Commerce and those kinds of biometrics in India for payments requires a company that was otherwise very focused on the perfection of its delivery, the reliability of our clearing authorization and settlement system to find a way to take some thoughtful risks on investing in ideas. Out of 10 ideas, eight will probably not do well. And I'm going to have to learn how to cut the cord a little bit fast and smart, while investing in the other two. And so there's a lot of things going here, Adam, and I just gave you a few examples of channels and products and innovation and the kind of people that are focused on it. There's also a great interest that I have, in my own way of looking at business, where I believe that business is earned at the client's office and with their customers. And so, I'm determined to be out there meeting my clients, meeting regulators, meeting opinion leaders and helping to make regulators and opinion leaders on the ground in different countries view MasterCard as a part of the way they grow commerce in their country, rather than a foreign company that merely exist to be able to facilitate its own profitability. I think a lot of -- what I just said has a lot of stuff buried in it, but this is something you'll see unfolding over the next couple of years. I want to make real meaning of the slogan, heart of commerce, not just a statement, a real meaning of that slogan. That's what MasterCard wants to be, at the heart of commerce.
Operator: And your next question will be from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Just had a quick question on rest-of-world debit volume. Those have looked strong for some time now, and I was wondering how much of that was organic versus new customer acquisitions? And then just one accounting clarification question for Martina. The 26% to 27% rebate guidance for the year, that basically assumes the accounting change happens in the fourth quarter and not for the first three quarters, right?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, Sanjay. For your last quarter question, you're absolutely right. It just happens in the -- in the fourth quarter, we are collapsing the contra-revenue related to the cross-border rebates into the gross revenues. Net revenue will not change, and then we'll all be in that 26% to 27% range. From our rest-of-world debit point of view, as you know, it's been growing very nicely. And there is a mix in there in terms of that people are actually utilizing our cards more to do those kind of transactions as well as we did have some business wins in there as we talked a little earlier about.
Ajay Banga: Yes, Sanjay, on that debit front, if you look at the data that's in our press release, you'll see Q3 '09, rest of world, 27% up; Q3 '10, rest of world, 30% up. Nine months is 25% in '09, 31% in 2010, and I guess that's where your question is coming from. It's a little different region of the world. They're starting to get a deeper understanding of how quickly debit is being embraced by consumers in different part of the world if that's where your mind is going. I'd say Europe, debit has always been a part of their life. And a large part of our transaction growth in Europe, which is healthy by the way, is coming from not just new wins but also the fact that SEPA [Single Euro Payments Area] is allowing us to see and process much more transactions. And we're being able to get into a situation like the Barclaycard example in Germany, which by the way is the sixth such bank in Germany where Maestro only is now on their debit card. So Europe, it's about winning space in the competitive space, because debit is already pretty well established. Although I still look on Europe as a growth area because of the amount of cash still used there. So that's Europe. Asia and Latin America, I would say debit is less established as a way of life for consumers, but it's getting there. Australia is much more so than, say, in India would be. India is still very much ATM withdrawal machine than a POS [point of sale] usage machine. So is Mexico, much more in ATM withdrawal machine than a POS usage machine. And so you look at transaction growth, you've got cash inside there as well. So look at purchase growth, you'll begin to see what I'm looking for.
Operator: And your next question will be from the line of David Hochstim with Buckingham Research.
David Hochstim - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I wonder if you can give us some sense of your expectations for China. I mean, the MOU [Memorandum of Understanding] and I guess maybe negotiations by our government to help open up China. I mean, how realistic is it to expect that China could become a bigger and bigger steady business like India or Brazil?
Ajay Banga: So David, China is already a relatively attractive business for us. But the way I think about China is, while it's relatively attractive and is profitable and it's growing, that's just larger part at the end of the rainbow that you're referring to, which is the domestic processing business. My view about the MOU with China Union Pay is, first of all, I want to make sure that the business we do well today in China, which is the cross-border business both for Chinese traveling overseas and for people traveling into China and for the e-Commerce space, that is consolidated upon and grown attractively. This MOU with CUP [China Union Pay] focuses, one, on the e-Commerce space but, too, on that cross-border space. And in fact, as Walt said on Investor Day, out of the nine co-brands that came out of China in the last, I don't know, nine, 10 months roughly, I may be wrong by a month or two here or there but roughly that number, we've won all of them. And that's partly to do with our relationship with CUP and how we're working together as partners. Now do I think that, that will lead to some dramatic opening up of the Chinese market where the domestic sector will become open to companies like us and our competitors? I don't know. That's something that the Chinese government has to sort through in terms of their willingness to open that sector. There's so much going on in the governmental space between our government here and the Chinese government, so I don't know how to handicap where that'll come out. But my approach to that is we'll see what happens. Let's keep the partnership going. Let's build on what we are good at. Let's make sure it grows even faster. Let's be making them even more impregnable position in that space. And as the partnership develops, let's see where that goes. I just don't know how to handicap it any other way.
David Hochstim - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And I guess the revenue guidance doesn't really assume a lot of domestic business for the next two or three years?
Ajay Banga: No, it does not. But it does assume that we keep doing well on this cross-border and e-Commerce space and that this partnership with CUP remains a solid good partnership.
Operator: And next, you have a question from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Of course, it's pretty clean, but I'll ask about the rebates and incentives. I'm curious if the cost to win and renew clients has changed at all, and if you're seeing clients change their preferences between upfront rebates versus ongoing fee relief?
Ajay Banga: Tien-Tsin, it's Ajay. I'll start off, and Martina can add on. But have I seen change as these renewals are going on? Not really in the last -- I wouldn't say anything in last three months, but I've been here a year and half now. And I'd say my general impression is, each of these deals is a very hard-fought deal. There is not just a couple of competitors at the other end, there is the economics of it. There's the value you bring from different products you place with them inControl, EMS [Expert Monitoring Service], fraud solutions, Advisors, all that comes into what I call an integrated pricing opportunity, along with an integrated solution that we're trying and propose to our issuer clients. I think that if you look out in the future, I think that trend of tough negotiations will only increase because that's every business has got pressure on its margins. And I think our job is to really find ways to: one, grow the overall size of the pie, hence, my focus on cash; two, to grow my share because I happen to be a lower share in some markets than some of my bigger competitors; and three, to find intelligent ways to package solutions, which allow me some pricing space. And that's kind of where I am trying to work my way through this. But it is the reality that everybody got tough negotiations. We've got a lady behind here who does our budgeting contracts for us. Trust me, try negotiating with her and you will see, she's on your case, and that's true for every company.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I'm curious if there's a change between the upfront rebates versus ongoing fee relief, but my real follow-up question was more around the DOJ settlement. Obviously, that was a good outcome. I know it's not going to change your rules much, but I'm curious if you're going to see more discounting activity from the merchants. And also I'm curious if you think there's any way that this settlement could change the outlook for the merchant litigation case. If we can get an update on that as well, that'd be great.
Ajay Banga: So I guess, two portions there. The first portion was about the DOJ settlement and where I think that discounting will change. I don't actually know that for sure. I can speculate that there will be, in certain cases, a probability of some more discounting for the usage of cash. But to tell you the truth, the total volume of our business that I think will be impacted by that discounting still remains very, very small in my mind, while the second one basically ended up in the right place with, let's say, nearly a clarification of the way we were conducting our business. Having had the experience of having it conducted that way for a while, I don't know that it's going to change a great deal with the settlement. You know what I mean? That's where I'm coming from. And so I don't feel I'm staring at some big change in the way cash is used versus our cards were used. I also think that all the other demographic and social circumstances are still a very strong tailwind, even in the United States, to go away from cash. And I think that younger people, people with more education, more affluence, I see that as another little tailwind, in addition to our experience of having already had this kind of practical rule in the market before the DOJ settlement. So that's kind of a long answer to a simple question, but it's a complex topic, right. And the second part, the MDL [Multi District Litigation] case, nothing new has happened between, let's say, earnings are between the September Investor Day and today. The court heard these oral arguments back in November 2009. They have not ruled on those motions. There is court-recommended mediation going on right now. That mediation is confidential. It's tough for me to tell you where that we'll end up because I would be violating that confidentiality. Do I see some progress in it? Yes. But do I see that going to a place where I can be confident that I see light at the end of the tunnel? Not yet. So that's kind of where we are with the MDL. Will the DOJ settlement impact the MDL litigation case? I don't know yet, but I don't know how to handicap these kind of things. I would rather not to venture into that space and just deal with it as it comes along.
Operator: And so your next question is from the line of Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: You've obviously got some momentum in U.S. debit which is encouraging. Ajay, do you think that -- I know we don't know specifically what the Fed is going to say about exclusivity, but do you think, just from a competitive standpoint, given your sort of distant second historical share in U.S. debit, that as customers look at or potential customers look at what could happen to these in terms of its exclusive business? So that's factoring into their decisions now to deal with MasterCard but it isn't so much of an issue or maybe they figure the volume is going to be heading your way regardless? Or would you cite more your answer to Tien-Tsin as being sort of the key differentiator that MasterCard brings to the table as you take share in the U.S.?
Ajay Banga: I understand what you're saying, Andrew. Here's the thing, the clarity around where the financial reform bill was going into full exclusivity idea that came in to the bill, really, happened only a couple months ago if you think back in time. It feels like a lifetime, but it's only a few months ago. A lot of the debit wins we are talking about in reality is what has been going on for a year. SunTrust took a year to go from initial conversations to real success. Sovereign Bank has been going on from a couple of months since I joined the company. I can recall discussions of our Executive Committee around Sovereign Bank. I remember Delta being a discussion from around the time I joined the company. So I would say to you, some of the wins we've got are just good old hard work around what we bring to the party, what our capabilities are and what -- for example, in SunTrust case, they have publicly gone out and said that the reason we won their business was because of the capabilities that MasterCard Advisors brought to the party in terms of portfolio management, and I think those are the kind of things that are helping us. Now going forward, if anything, I'd like to see a little tailwind in that as we get some clarity around the exclusivity. I just don't know what that clarity will be. So I don't know how to predict where it'll go.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: And then rest-of-world debit, again, great share gains there. Is that just market share platform or is there anything you could elaborate on in that regard?
Ajay Banga: No, rest-of-world debit is just -- there are two, three things going on. One is we're learning on debit as we go along as a company, and we're trying to make real progress in Asia and Latin America with a number of our clients there. We've got segmented offers in debit. We're actually bringing our entire marketing might to the debit table. In Australia, we went through a exercise of really understanding what youth in Australia were looking for from their debit circumstance. And we found that music, youth and debit kind of created a nice holy alliance, and we went after that in a very clever way with a partnership with the a local bank. And that's given us an enormous gains in Australia. So it's really hard work country by country on the debit space. I'd say in Europe, it's a little different. In Europe, it's about making sure that we start getting some benefits from SEPA, and SEPA is a long haul. So don't get me wrong. It doesn't change in one month or six months, but over the course of two or three years. As Javier said at Investor Day, we think that SEPA gives us a real chance to see more transactions, as well as see more of them, on Maestro-only cards or MasterCard-only debit cards as against a co-branded with a local scheme.
Operator: And your next question will be from the line of Craig Maurer with CLSA.
Craig Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I wanted to ask a follow-up on Europe. We've heard a lot of good new account conversions to MasterCard or Maestro only, and we don't get to see all that detailed information in terms of your major competitor over there. So one, I was hoping you could comment on perceived market share if that's changed at all. And two, if you can comment on perhaps the discussions with the banks in Europe and their attitude toward going to a MasterCard-only solution versus what was trying to be pushed by the EC [European Commission] in terms of a pan-European system, if you'd call it.
Ajay Banga: So two parts to that. The first part is about perception of market share. And I'd say that my general impression from the last year and a half of traveling in Europe is that we're seeing us being the real player on debit, and that we are seeing us picking up some momentum in terms of the SEPA opportunity. I don't think anything would've changed more dramatically than that in a year. One thing I've learned about this business over time is that it takes time to change it upwards or downwards. The debit losses in the U.S. that are rolling off right now are the result of losses two years ago. And the wins we've got just now in Martina's reply to the first question are really stiff that'll roll on over the course of a year, a year and a half. So I'd say nothing would've changed that dramatically in the course of this year. The aspect of banks versus going to a local European solution as against something else, there's always constant dialogue with European banks. And to first of all say our European banks thinking about it will probably be a misnomer because each of them has a different perspective, and that in itself tells you why it's not that easy to get one solution for the whole of Europe. And the second thing is that the proof of the pudding will be in the eating, right. And we've got real answers in the Netherlands, where, as you know, MasterCard Maestro usage has now reached record numbers, and we're making progress in a number of these markets and even in Belgium as well as in other markets of Continental Europe. So I'd say to you that I believe that the economic rationale of taking a global scheme that has the benefit of a 100-plus modifications made to its core systems globally, every year, which comes free to any one market, that benefit is now much clearly understood than it was three years ago. I think that remains a benefit for us on the ground in Europe, whereas technology and our global unified presence brings those 100 changes to every market. For example, we're now amending our system to cope with biometrics for India. Once it's done, and I saw the first transaction work in my own eyes, my palm, actually in India when I was there, you can begin to understand that that'll then be available to every market, including every country in Europe across on our system. If some other country in Europe decides to go to biometrics at some point of time, I can give it to them without a great deal of investment. That, to me, is clearer in the minds of some of those European banks. Some of the others, on the other hand, would still go differently. And it's a constant effort. And that's why SEPA and Europe is not a turn on a dime kind of thing, it's a two-, three-, four-year effort.
Craig Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And just a follow-up on Itaú Unibanco. Was the win of the switching there, was that driven by the change in rules around settlement and clearing?
Ajay Banga: Not really. We've been talking to Itaú for a while, and it's basically an effort to get all their transactions switched to us. And as consequence, we can see many more and give them many more value-added products for their portfolio. It's more to do with that conversation than anything else.
Operator: And your next question will be from the line of Tim Willi with Wells Fargo.
Timothy Willi - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: You have mentioned a couple different times on this call the role of MasterCard Advisors. Could use just sort of frame for us any kind of improvement that clients see in a portfolio, whether that be debit or credit, U.S. or rest of the world? Just sort of a sense for the relative uptake and utilization improvements that people see when they utilize Advisors, when they use utilize the research and rethink how to improve their card portfolio. Are we talking sort of 10% kind of utilization rates? or 20%, 30%? Any way to frame that and think about that uplift?
Ajay Banga: Tim, I don't think I can give you that. That's really something you were to ask the banks. It's their private data, and I would be making a big mistake by passing that to you. But I will tell you this, where I was coming from in Advisors, some of the bigger banks around the world, in the U.S. and elsewhere, they clearly have excellent individuals in their company who have devoted a large part of time trying to understand their data and manage their portfolios right from more efficient acquisition of clients to utilization, to portfolio management, to bankruptcy prediction, to charge-off prediction, to loyalty schemes and so on. Other than the other hand don't have those resources, those are the ones we focus on much more. Having said that, even the bigger ones, when they do their information, they do it based on their own card portfolio. What I can bring to the party, so as anonymized data, is a much bigger perspective of many more cards, not just the ones that are already in their portfolio, which may give them a somewhat unipolar view of what to do with their book. And so those are the two aspects of Advisors that I'm trying to put forward as a competitive edge when our sales force goes to speak to everybody from credit unions to large banks in the U.S. as well as overseas. But I'm sorry, I'm not at liberty to give you a sense of the improvement in a bank's number. That would be inappropriate of me.
Operator: And at this time, I will bring forward the line of Rod Bourgeois with Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein Research: Ajay, I just wanted to inquire. As we compete under the Durbin regulation, is MasterCard planning to gain debit market share by competing more aggressively on price or by using non price ways to get your brand on more debit cards and also to attract merchant's routing decisions? So can you give us some perspective on how the debit market share gains will be achieved and the balance of strategy from pricing versus non price factors?
Ajay Banga: First of all, [indiscernible] I'm not going to go very far down that road because I cannot till I get some clarity on what exclusivity or the changed exclusivity means. But frankly, all the options we've looked at have a combination of both those things. Even to get merchants to give preferred routing will require a combination of value-added products that they in turn perceive as important to them as well as some pricing benefits. Everybody is negotiating tougher, as I said, these days and earlier. So it's a combination of both. I don't know whether it'll be more weighted to one or the other. The way I look at my life right now is that all I've got here is the possibility of upside. I don't have that business. I'm trying to look at where that business could be positioned with me over a period of time. I would like to get more of it with strategic value-added products and less of it with pricing, but let's see how the game gets played out over the next year or two here.
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein Research: And so, Ajay, on that topic, I mean, the banks are looking at lowered interchange in their debit portfolio. So as existing contracts come up for renewal, are you expecting more intense sort of pricing concession requests in these upcoming renewals? Since banks are looking at lower debit interchange, maybe they're going to ask for some pricing concessions across both the debit and sort of credit portfolios on the network fee side. Is that something that you're anticipating? Or is that being worried about something that's not likely to transpire?
Ajay Banga: I'd say to you that if you look at the volume of impact on their revenue line that has come out of the CARD Act, and I don't yet know what that impact will be in the case of the financial reform bill because I don't know what that number will be. But different banks have already begun to estimate, as you know, what that number could be. We're talking a very large number of dollars. If you were to add up all the issuer processing fees that would make from banks of that size and scope, you're talking about, even if they were to negotiate back with me till the cows come home, you're talking of a very small difference in that number of revenue that they've lost. What I saw in Australia, when it happened in Australia, and I was at Citibank those days, on the other side of the fence was that the impact had to be made with many other things. One being how you look at a checking account fees, which, as you can see, is already beginning to happen. In fact, right now, they're getting fees on bank accounts that go past checking accounts. They go to different elements of the feature functionality of a checking account. They happen with what you do with debit rewards and how you price those. They'll happen with how you price different services that you give. You may get a pricing on ACH [Automated Clearing House] debit store bank account, which today aren't price that way, which in a number of countries are priced by the way. If you talk to ING DIRECT in the Netherlands, they will tell you that ACH debits are priced. Here, they are not. So there's a series of revenue items that banks will look that I believe are more substantial in size than if you were to talk to some of the leading bankers in this country, they would tell you -- and there's some of the, have been publicly quoted to say, "They already have really good pricing from the networks." And I, therefore, am a little less worried about that. I'm much more interested in providing them with more opportunities for thinking through how to make up their revenue as the next couple of years unfolds. I really believe that that's my role as their partner.
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein Research: So but bottom line, there's some worry that pricing will need to be more aggressive in upcoming renewals but it's still not clear to what extent?
Ajay Banga: Bottom line, there's less worry than you think that I have on what you just said.
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein Research: And then finally, if I can just ask real quick. There's various arguments that two signature brands should be required on debit cards under the Durbin amendment. And I know from a MasterCard standpoint that might be a nice feature if the Fed rules that way. What's your best argument that two signature brands should be required on all debit cards?
Ajay Banga: No comment, I cannot discuss that right now. And this is waiting for the Fed to come back, it will be completely inappropriate for me to go out on that limb.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Just before Ajay is going to go to his closing comments, I just want to reflect on one thing that we had up in our disclosure this morning. As you know, we ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents and other liquid investments of about $3.6 billion. And you will recall that our Board of Directors had approved a $1 billion share repurchase in mid-September, just before our Investor Community Day. And at this point, we have not repurchased any shares under the program. As I stated at the Investor Community Meeting, there may be times, whether because of earnings or other corporate activities, that we're not able to do those share repurchases. With that, let me hand over to Ajay.
Ajay Banga: So let me leave you with a few closing thoughts. And as Martina said, we're on track to meet our 2010 financial objectives, and we remain optimistic for the future to deliver the longer-term financial performance that we first outlined at this recent Investor Meeting in September. I believe that we are at the heart of a growth sector. And while we recognize that the industry is changing, we're not going to simply look to see our way through challenges that may arise but are able to convert on the underlying opportunities that they present. As we reviewed in detail in our Investor Meeting, we believe we have the right growth strategy in place to grow our core business, diversify our customers and geographies and build new businesses in e-Commerce and mobile and other areas. We will partner and invest in innovation that complements our assets, our skills and our position in the payment space. We will be flexible. We will execute this global strategy at a very local level, and this should enable us to continue to deliver strong results. And we are building momentum. We have won some good deals and signed some really interesting partnerships across affluent, debit, prepaid, commercial, mobile, e-Commerce. I think all I could say is I look forward to these contributing next year and beyond, along with others still in the pipeline. And thank you for your time today, and thank you for your support.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's call, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude the presentation, and you may now disconnect. Have yourselves a wonderful today.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ajaypal Banga - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of MasterCard International and President of Mastercard International Barbara Gasper - IR Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Adam Frisch - Morgan Stanley Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray Companies Craig Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Thomas McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Bryan Keane - Crédit Suisse AG Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein Research Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets Jason Kupferberg - UBS Investment Bank James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to MasterCard's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jeremy, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Ms. Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may proceed.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Jeremy. Good morning, and thank you, all, for joining us today, either by phone or webcast, for a discussion about our second quarter 2010 financial results. With me on the call today are Ajay Banga, our President and Chief Executive Officer; as well as Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Ajay and Martina, highlighting some key points about the business environment and our second quarter results, we will open up the call for your questions.  This morning's earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at mastercard.com. The earnings release and slide deck have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one week through August 10.  Finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today’s call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard’s future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our recent SEC filings.  With that, I will now turn the call over to our CEO, Ajay Banga. Ajay?
Ajaypal Banga: Thank you, Barbara. Good morning, everybody. I'm pleased that we've got yet another good quarter to report this morning that highlights the solid fundamentals of our business. Before Martina gets into the details of the results, I'll try to comment on some of the contributing drivers of the quarter, as well as some recent business highlights.  So the second quarter, we saw net revenue growth of 6.7% as reported and 7.9% on a constant-currency basis. Gross dollar volume grew 8.5% on a local-currency basis and cross-border volume grew 15.2%, both actually continuing their momentum from the first quarter. Process transaction growth was basically, essentially flat for the quarter, due to the continued roll-off of several U.S. and U.K. debit portfolios that we have spoken of on past earnings calls with you. But if you exclude reconversions, underlying transaction growth was around 10%. Our expense control efforts over the past year have allowed us to deliver an operating margin of 52.6% this quarter, a nine-percentage point expansion over last year's second quarter. We've put all this together, and it helps fuel our net income growth of roughly 31% or 34% on a constant-currency basis. Some of the progress we saw in the quarter can obviously be attributed to global macroeconomic improvements. And as a global company, we continue to see the non-U.S. markets becoming a bigger contributor to our businesses.  Today, in fact, the international markets, the markets outside of the United States, account for 55% of our total revenue, up from about 50% just two or three years ago. As in the recent quarters, our volume growth outside the United States outpaced growth in the United States. The Asia/Pacific and Latin America regions delivered another quarter of strong double-digit growth, spurred on by, I think, the continued buoyancy in most economies in those regions. And of course, despite challenges in the European macroeconomic scenario, our volume growth in Europe continues to remain healthy. Both domestic and cross-border volumes are driving the growth in these regions. In the U.S., however, conflicting signals make it difficult to determine if we have moved into a period of real economic recovery. You've all seen the recent economic data around unemployment, retail sales, consumer confidence, and the consensus seems to be that perhaps there will be some ups and downs with respect to economic recovery. This is reflected in our own consumer research and our spending pulse data as well.  On the one hand, fine dining, luxury retail, furniture spend has been down in recent months. On the other hand, hotel and airline spend is up. So there are mixed signals here, and consumers are likely to remain cautious until employment and housing in the U.S. show signs of sustainable improvement. And I guess they will just continue to look for ways to spend and budget smarter.  You can see evidence of this in our own U.S. data. MasterCard's process credit volume growth was up slightly in the second quarter, an improvement over the first quarter. But the pace of growth declined as we moved from April to June, driven by consumer credit. However, process debit volume growth remained constant at about 20% for the first two quarters of the year, excluding those portfolio de-conversions we have talked about. While we're subject to the U.S. market, let me just briefly touch on a piece of the recently signed financial reform act, specifically, the Durbin amendment. I know that everybody is eager to fully understand the impact on our business. But the truth is, we just have to wait for the Fed to develop the regulations and for our customers to react before we will know the full implications, both for the industry and for our company, MasterCard.  We have spoken to the Fed. We will be working constructively with them as they move into the implementation phase to ensure that they have the necessary inputs to make an informed decision. Regardless of the outcome, we still believe the secular shift to electronic forms of payments will continue; and that fundamentally, U.S. consumers are not going to go back to cash and check as a result of the Durbin amendment.  Going forward, issuers will need to decide how to meet their customers, their consumers needs for payment products. And we will be there to support their effort, whether it be with credit, charge or prepaid products in addition, of course, to debit. This new situation will present challenges, but I also believe it will present opportunities. And in the past, we as a company has certainly proven our ability to work for them with flexibility and with innovation. And as such, even now, we are exploring various strategies to address the different scenarios that could come about as the Fed goes through its decision making. In the meanwhile, we are focused on executing our strategies around the globe. As I said earlier, the markets outside of the U.S., the global markets outside of the U.S., account for more than half of our net revenue, and that percentage is growing. We are continuing to pursue many opportunities to grow electronic payments, pushing hard to deliver more convenience, more security for our customers and value for all the other stakeholders. That's why I'll take a few moments to highlight a few recent news items. Just yesterday, we announced an expansion of our existing relationship with Telefónica, a leading telecom company in Latin America to include a co-brand deal of Mobistar, their leading mobile brand. MasterCard will be the exclusive brand of on Mobistar's co-branded credit cards issued in 11 countries, adding to the two in place in Chile and Brazil already. In addition, we will also process the transactions in the majority of these issuing markets. We've also recently announced a joint venture with Smart Communications to build a mobile payment infrastructure, kind of like a mobile gateway, starting in Brazil for our customers that'd give consumers access to mobile payments. In China, we launched MoneySend with the Bank of China. So now consumers in China can receive money transfers from friends and family outside of the country. China, by the way, marks the 19th market where MasterCard MoneySend is now enabled. Sberbank, the largest retail bank in Russia, is actually upgrading its passbook savings accounts to include a Maestro debit card, which will act as the primary tool for consumers to access online and mobile banking. Since this program was started in mid-2009, it's yielded 1.3 million upgrades last year and continues to generate similar results this year. They've also just launched a MasterCard-branded credit card, co-branded with MTS [Mobile TeleSystems], a leading Russian telco, on the MasterCard platform and, of course, carrying on the rollout of the Maestro Momentum cards. Here in the U.S., I'm pleased that Citi will be leveraging our inControl platform to bring Citi's consumer cardholders, increase controlled security and budgeting capabilities. And in fact, this is the first consumer application of inControl in the U.S. market.  We also expanded our PayPass transit pilot in New York City beyond the original Lexington Avenue subway line, in collaboration with the MTA [Metropolitan Transportation Authority], the Port Authority and with New Jersey transit (sic) [NJ TRANSIT] to basically make commuting faster and easier. This expanded six-month pilot now includes fast trains, as well as some New York City and NJ TRANSIT bus routes. It's the first payment system to link all three transit agencies, replacing the need for riders to carry specific fare cards for each transit system and, of course, also enables the rider to transfer between systems. Our development of a differentiated solution that allows authorization of the turnstile to take this faster was a critical factor in winning this trial.  So with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Martina for a detailed update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin on Page 3 of the deck, which shows our reported results. As Ajay said, we are very pleased to deliver another good quarter of solid financials. Net revenue grew 6.7% over last year's second quarter to $1.4 billion. On a constant-currency basis, net revenue grew 7.9%. This revenue growth was primarily driven by a 15.2% increase in cross-border volume and an 8.5% increase in gross dollar volume on a local-currency basis. Additionally, pricing contributed approximately four percentage points to net revenue growth, including the effect of cross-border rebates. All of these positive factors on net revenue was somewhat offset by additional rebates and incentives, primarily due to new and renewed customer agreements as well as rebates related to higher volumes. Operating expenses declined 10.4% versus last year's second quarter, primarily as a result of lower severance as well as savings due to reduced headcount. Our operating income was $717 million for the quarter and resulted in an operating margin of 52.6%, a 9.1 percentage point improvement over the year-ago quarter.  We delivered net income of $458 million or $3.49 per diluted share, up roughly 31% over the second quarter of 2009 and 34% on an FX-adjusted basis. Turning to Page 4. We are seeing stronger performance across a number of business drivers, including continued strong volume growth similar to what we saw in the first quarter. Cross-border volume growth year-over-year was the strongest it had been since the third quarter of 2008.  Worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV, was up 8.5% on a local-currency basis in the second quarter and grew 9.8% on a U.S. dollar-converted basis to $656 billion. U.S. GDV was down 0.5%. While not yet a return to positive growth, this is another quarter of sequential improvement compared to a decline of 1.1% in the first quarter of this year. Across the rest of the world, GDV continued to grow, a healthy 14.5% on a local-currency basis. Worldwide credit GDV grew 6.1% on a local-currency basis. This was also the strongest growth rate we've seen since mid-2008. It was helped by U.S. credit GDV growth which was down only low-single digits, it's best performance in two years. Credit GDV for the rest of the world grew 9.8% on a local-currency basis.  Worldwide debit GDV grew 13.2% on a local-currency basis. This was against the strong comparison of 13.1% growth in the second quarter of last year. In the U.S., debit GDV volume grew 0.8% and debit growth for the rest of the world was 29%, primarily driven once again by growth in our Asia/Pacific, Middle East and Africa region. On a local-currency basis, worldwide purchase volume grew 7.9%. Cross-border volume growth on a local-currency basis was up 15.2%. We saw a double-digit growth in Asia/Pacific, Middle East, Africa, primarily driven by activity in Australia, China and Korea. As a matter of interest to some of you, we saw a noticeable increase in travel into South Africa for the World Cup, and volumes were up 79% in June year-over-year on a local-currency basis. We also saw double-digit cross-border volume growth in Europe and in Latin America.  Looking at process transactions, they were roughly flat, about 0.1% compared to the year-ago quarter to $5.6 billion. In Asia/Pacific, Middle East, Africa and Latin America, process transactions continued to grow at double-digit rates, offset by de-conversions of portfolios in the U.S. and U.K.  The number of MasterCard-branded cards worldwide was essentially flat on a year-over-year basis at 944 million cards at the end of the quarter. Excluding the U.S., card issuance grew 7% versus the second quarter of 2009, demonstrating the continued growth opportunities for MasterCard from the secular shift from cash to electronic payment form. As of June 30, 2010, there were approximately 1.6 billion MasterCard and Maestro-branded cards issued globally. Now let's turn to Page 5 to discuss the components of revenue and their performance relative to last year's second quarter. Domestic assessments increased 11% due to increased volumes and the impact of 2009 and 2010 price increases, partially offset by the repeal of some European pricing beginning in July 2009.  Cross-border volume fees increased by 34.5%. More than half of the $120 million increase was due to our October 2009 pricing adjustment. The remainder was primarily due to cross-border volume growth, which was up 15.2% on a local-currency basis.  Transaction processing fees increased 6%. Pricing contributed approximately two percentage points of growth, primarily due to U.S. pricing changes which were implemented in mid-April 2009. Additionally, we had a onetime benefit from the implementation of new authorization parameters.  As I've said before, process transactions were essentially flat in the quarter and continue to be affected by the loss of certain debit portfolios. Excluding the loss of these portfolios, process transactions grew approximately 10%. However, revenue growth for these line items was impacted less due to the pricing of the portfolios that are rolling off.  Other revenues decreased 5.2%, primarily driven by lower compliance and research fees. All of this resulted in an increase of $204 million or 12.6% in growth revenue.  For the quarter, rebates and incentives grew $119 million. Approximately $55 million of this increase was due to rebates associated with last October's revised cross-border pricing structure. The remainder was attributed to new and renewed customer agreements, as well as rebates related to higher volumes. Overall, rebates and incentives represent 25.3% of gross revenue versus 21.2% in last year's second quarter. Now let's turn to Page 6 for some detail on expenses. During the second quarter, total operating expenses decreased 10.4%. And within total operating expenses, general and administrative expenses decreased 14.5%. The decrease was primarily due to lower personnel expense which was down $83 million, and lower severance drove roughly half of this decrease. The remainder was primarily due to reduced headcount following personnel actions taken 2009, although we are adding talent in growth areas, such as e-commerce, mobile and prepaid. Both advertising and marketing spend and depreciation and amortization were roughly flat for the quarter. Moving to the cash flow statement and balance sheet highlights on Page 7. We generated $343 million in cash from operations in the second quarter, primarily driven by operating income, partially offset by litigation settlement payments. And we ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalent and other liquid investments of $3.5 billion. Now let's turn to our thoughts for 2010. But before I get into that, let me just give you an update of what we have seen for Maestro card process volumes for the third quarter through July 28. Our cross-border volumes grew approximately 15% globally, which is pretty much the same as the growth rate in the second quarter. The Asia/Pacific region continues to demonstrate the strongest growth while the U.S. saw a little bit of softening, although it still remains positive. Although not a perfect proxy for GDV, total U.S. processed volumes growth, which was about 1% positive in the second quarter, was down about 2% in July, slightly lower than the month of June due to the continued roll-off of the two debit portfolios. If you were to exclude the impact of those debit portfolios, total U.S. processed volume growth was almost 7% in both June and July. U.S. credit processed volume is trending flat in July versus the growth of about 1% in the second quarter. And U.S. debit processed volume growth, which was about flat for the second quarter, is now trending down 5% in July, but was up 21% when you exclude the tempering effect of the debit roll-off.  And in July, total processed volume growth for the rest of the world continued at a similar pace to what we saw in the first and second quarters, or about 13%. Globally, processed transaction growth was just slightly negative, including the impact of the four debit portfolio roll-off, and almost 12% growth, excluding that impact. Now let's get into the thoughts of 2010, and the following represents our current view, obviously, on a constant-currency basis. We continue to believe that we could see some tempering in top line growth in the second half of 2010 relative to the 9.7% growth we've seen in the first half due to the following factors.  The first, we begin to experience tougher comps. Given that signs of the economic recovery began to show in the second half of 2009, in particular, in the fourth quarter. Also, the pace of recovery, at least in the U.S., remains uncertain.  Second, the roll-off of a few debit portfolios will continue to dampen our processed transaction growth. It now appears that the WaMu deconversion would be more concentrated in the second and third quarters than initially thought. As a result, we now expect that this revenue will roll off faster than originally anticipated and our as-reported processed transaction growth will bottom out in the third quarter, not in the fourth quarter. And we continue to expect contra as a percentage of growth revenue to average 26% to 27% for the full year, likely at the high end of the range given the deal volume we have seen and our current expectation for cross-border volume growth. Additionally, we now expect to see some impact of our new SunTrust deal in the contra line in Q3. However, contra as a percentage of growth revenue will still be highest in Q4 due to the normal seasonality of rebates and incentives. Overall, we continue to anticipate our total operating expenses for 2010 will be flat to slightly down from 2009 levels, including severance charges. As I had said before, some of the savings obtained from our 2009 severance actions are being reinvested back into the business areas, such as e-commerce, mobile and prepaid, as well as some additional marketing efforts in the second half. Turning to the components of operating expenses. We continue to expect G&A to be down from 2009 levels, including severance. And while we are currently forecasting advertising and marketing to be up, at most, by mid-single digits from our full year 2009 spend, we will continue to re-evaluate our plan depending on how we see the economic recovery taking hold. We also expect the quarterly spend to increase sequentially over the third and fourth quarters. And as we said before, we continue to assume an effective tax rate of 34.5% for 2010.  Now finally, we remain committed to our objective for the 2009 to 2011 period of annual margin expansion of three to five percentage points and average annual net income growth of 20% to 30%. Remember, while all of our objectives are in a constant-currency basis, our as-reported numbers include the impact of foreign exchange. This represented about a 1% headwind to net revenue in the second quarter as we expect that headwind to increase to three to four percentage points if current exchange rates, particularly euro, hold for the balance of the year. We call that the euro averaged about $1.45 for the second half of 2009 versus its current level of about $1.30. Despite some mixed signals around the U.S. economic recovery, economic growth for the rest of the world is improving. Additionally, the underlying fundamentals of our business remains strong. This enabled us to deliver a good quarter. And as we worked through the challenges of some debit roll-off, we also have new business wins, such as SunTrust and others that we have yet to announce that will begin to contribute later this year. Remember that some contract incentives for new business are recognized early on and only over time you will see the full contribution to net revenue. In total, we believe we can deliver a solid year for 2010 in line with our overall longer-term objectives.  Now let me turn the call back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Martina. We're now ready to begin the question-and-answer period. In order to get to more people in our allotted time frame, we are asking that this morning, you limit yourself to a single question and then queue back in for additional questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And ladies and gentlemen, your first question comes from the line of Adam Frisch with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Frisch - Morgan Stanley: I guess the one place I'd like to go, just given it's the most topical, is the mobile opportunity. Yesterday's reaction in the stocks from the Bloomberg article suggested a pretty negative outcome for you and your largest competitor. So it's hard not to imagine you working with the largest wireless networks at some point, but can you talk about maybe, Ajay, what you're doing here? Why maybe we should feel little less concerned that you're not going to be successful in the mobile opportunity? And then maybe expand on a couple of other growth opportunities that you're excited about that we might see impacting the P&L in the next 12 months or so?
Ajaypal Banga: The first part, the mobile part. I'm not going to comment on whether that pilot is actually happening or not because none of the actual players in the pilot are confirming what they're doing, so that's what I'm going to go down the path of. But I would tell you this, MasterCard has been partnering with mobile carriers, with handset manufacturers and with banks for many years now, globally, to launch a bunch of NFC. These contactless came on trials, with PayPass, mobile payment tags, person-to-person money transfer services, high phone-smartphone apps, that kind of all helping to get this mobile promise opportunity to come true. In fact, I kind of counted off and brought close to 20 pilot and commercial rollouts around the globe as we speak, and I'll give you a few examples so you would understand where I'm coming from. In the U.K., Barclay's and Orange and MasterCard are the ones working on a similar contactless mobile payments NFC-based technology to pay for goods and services at retailers. There is the PayPass terminal that's been used. In Tokyo, on the other hand, we partnered with Guarantee Bank and with Aviya [ph], which is a leading local mobile operator, to pioneer this mobile NFC payments, and there -- in that case it was using an antenna attached to the sim card. In June, in the U.S., Citi has announced the launch of MasterCard PayPass tags, available for the majority of their credit cards. You can stick that sticker at the back of your mobile device and use it at any of the PayPass-enabled merchants that exist. They've also announced a partnership with Bank of Montréal and Rim, Research In Motion, to bring mobile payments to Blackberry smartphones through a similar MasterCard PayPass technology. We've got programs in Brazil, we've got programs in India, we got programs in Korea, we got programs in Singapore. We've got mobile MasterCard MoneySend service, which is an easy way to transfer money from person to person using the mobile phone or an Internet browser. We can also use this to pay for purchases. It also allows small non-traditional merchants to accept electronic payments. We've got MoneySend app for the iPhone and the Blackberry. We've even got a app for the iPhone App Store where we offer mobile commerce app, including the new MasterCard MarketPlace Overwhelming Offers app. So I have a degree of confidence that these companies are playing, we and others are playing actively in the mobile payment space. I have no doubt that while the business model for the mobile payments is yet to be proven in a tangible way across the world, I have no doubt that it will get proven in some form through these various experiments and trials. That, I have no doubt on. You will find us putting a lot of energy and effort, including these ones I just gave you an example of, including what we just did as simply as a co-brand card with Telefonica, which could open up all kinds of opportunity for prepaid cards, and other things we could do with similar phone companies around the world. I just think that one announcement of an unconfirmed pilot in the United States makes me somewhat cautious about jumping to conclusions about the role that different companies will play in this space. I also believe that finally, the phone partners, the mobile carriers the handset manufacturers, banks, people like us, what we need is an open-payment system. What you do not need is a payment system that is built off one brand. Even our MTA trial that I spoke about in New York, well, right now it's a trial using us. Eventually, we actually expect in a short period of time for that, if it works out, to become a brand-agnostic trial where we may have the advantage of processing more of the transactions because our technology approves those transactions at the turnstile faster, but it'll be brand agnostic. And so to me, I think the real development of growth in mobile commerce requires that kind of way of approaching the opportunity, and I have full confidence and say that we will be very much a part at the center of that developing those new generation of mobile plan payments. So that's how I am with it.
Operator: And your next question will be from the line of Bryan Keane with Crédit Suisse.
Bryan Keane - Crédit Suisse AG: I just would be interested in getting a little color on some of your conversations with the Fed. We've heard BofA come out with some thoughts. There were some pretty significant cuts in interchange. So we'd be interested in just kind of what you been hearing from the Fed? And then secondly on timing, when do you think we'll get some idea on what the Fed's thinking for sure?
Ajaypal Banga: Well, look, we've been talking to the Fed, as I said, so have the others. And our talks with them, our meetings with them are very constructive. They're trying to make sure that they get all the information they need, all the facts they need to be able to actually assess what they've been asked to do nine months from date of the signing of the bill, which is the actual setting of what should be this new debit interchange levels. And they have 12 months to actually come out with clarity around the exclusivity angle of the debit card branding. Every expectation, they're going to meet that date. And frankly, what we're discussing with them is not something I'm going to discuss openly on a conference call because that will be an inappropriate thing to do, but it's a very practical open conversation with full data and full information that we plan to give them.
Operator: And your next question will be from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: I was just wondering if you could give us a sense of where we are in the process for the roll-off of account losses for each of the customers? And just looking ahead for the next few years, do you guys have any major contract renewals?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Sanjay, in terms of the roll-off, we fairly far through a number of the roll-offs, in particular, the U.K. portfolios, and as we just said on the earnings call, we also relatively far through the WaMu roll-off. We have some more cards left to roll-off in the third quarter. And that's why we're saying that we're actually going to bottom out from a transaction point of view and from a transaction growth point of view or [indiscernible] point of view in the third quarter, and then we'll going to go into a bit of a more normalized fashion into the fourth quarter. So by the end of the year, we will be pretty much done. We don't expect that our results will be impacted in 2011. And in terms of major contracts that are coming on award, really the one that we've been talking about now for a while is the SunTrust contract. And they're -- we said early on the year that we would have think that we have, in fourth quarter, the roll on, we are accelerating. The roll on will be coming on in the third quarter now, and so hopefully, we'll be up and running in the latter part of the fourth quarter with some contribution to our net revenues. In terms of major renewals for the near future, we don't really have any major renewal for the next couple of years. We do know that there is an opportunity in 2011 for another customer, which we will be going after. But besides that, I think we feel fairly comfortable on where we are.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Could you talk a little bit about the cross-border contra revenue, the rebates and incentives? Martina, are we going to effectively lap those pricing adjustments at the end of '10 and then normalized in '11?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, I mean, as you know, we have the cross-border pricing showing up in our gross revenues, as well as in our contra revenues. And we did implement, Andrew, as you know, October 1 of last year, those kinds of changes. So in the fourth quarter, we will be lapping those price movements. Albeit, what I just would like to make sure that you understand, in 2011 and going forward, it really depends on how cross-border volume growth is going to behave. So you might, depending on how much it will grow, you might see some impact still year-over-year on the growth line as well as on the contra's line. And net-net, as we said before, we expect that there will be only a slight contribution to overall net revenue, positive contribution to overall net revenue.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Craig Maurer with CLSA.
Craig Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I just wanted to ask for, a bit off-topic, an update on SEPA. With all the turmoil in Europe, if there's been any movement on that or if that's been pushed to the back burner for now?
Ajaypal Banga: No, actually, SEPA is exactly where it was and it's still on line and they're making steady progress, in fact, in a number of countries. In Germany, we've now got the fourth bank to become a Maestro exclusive issuer, which is Dresdner-Cetelem. We're actually migrating close to 750,000 cards from their local debit cards human processor. We've got -- in France, we've begun processing domestic MasterCard transactions for the first time with the launch of, what I talked about in the last call, the Carrefour retailer card, as well as Allcon [ph]. So there's a bunch of these happening. We've got debit MasterCard is now in all four Nordic countries. They're launching the product in Ireland, Turkey, Greece, U.K., Poland. And in April, we actually have mandated e-commerce support for all 300-plus million Maestro cards in Europe. So I think the enormously help would be utilization of these cards for e-commerce. And on the competitive acquiring front, domestic transactions on these cards issued with the Maestro logo are actually starting to be routed through our network, if an acquirer or merchant chooses to do. So we're seeing an incremental volume from that. It's still small numbers, but it's early days in the game. But all in all, I don't think the so-called macroeconomic scenario in Europe has changed any of the on-the-ground desire and reality to go forward with the thinking behind SEPA.
Operator: And your next question will be from the line of James Friedman with Susquehanna.
James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Martina, I appreciated the more detailed color about the impact of foreign exchange. If you could revisit what you said again and also the band that you had described for the euro, $1.30 to $1.45, I think. If you can repeat that again, I'd appreciate it.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Certainly. So basically what we said in the second quarter, we had about a 1% headwind on foreign exchange, so this is really isolating the euro and the real and the movement of that. And if these were to stay at the euro at around $1.30, and you compare that to the year-ago second half euro rate, which was around $1.45, we do believe that we're going to have a bit of an increased headwind of about three to four percentage points. Again, it depends on which quarter you're going to be. But for the second half in total, it's about three to four percentage points. I just also would like to reiterate the rule of thumb that we really give to everybody in terms of looking at our euro exposure. We really think for every $0.01 cent move that the euro moves versus the dollar, that net revenues is impacted by $9 million to $11 million. And then on the operating expense line, the move impacts about $4 million to $5 million. So you're on the operating income line, you have about a move of $5 million to $6 million. And that should allow you to extrapolate depending on what kind of exchange rate you assume for the rest of the year where our results could be coming in from an as-reported basis.
James Friedman - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: If I could just follow up with a related international question. One of your competitors on their conference call had referenced long-term targets of generating 50% of their revenue internationally. Since you are already disproportionately international, could you describe your long-term objectives? What percentage and acceleration of your exposure will come from your international portfolio?
Ajaypal Banga: So first of all, I don't show the right word would be disproportionately exposed, because I think that's just a reality of the world and what's going on with the economic growth around the world. We have 55% of our revenue comes from markets outside of the United States, and I'm not sure if that's unfortunate or disproportionate part of it. And the second part of the question, where we are going. We've got investor day coming up at September, why don't we wait to have a conversation that day. I'm not sure yet whether I want to necessarily set up a target to go there. I'd much rather go where markets are growing. And if markets happen to grow faster for the next five years overseas, I would love to see faster growth there. If the U.S., on the other hand, comes out of its current cycle into a good economic recovery, I'll celebrate that as well. So I'm not sure that setting up a target for where I want to get my business on is as useful as setting up a target to make sure that I'm present at the forefront of trying to bring business where it grows. I'd rather talk about that.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Bob Napoli with Piper Jaffray.
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray Companies: And I understand that it's going to take some time to get a handle on any effect from the Durbin Amendment. But it might be helpful to provide us with a little bit of color on kind of the revenue yield of the U.S. Debit business so we can get a feel for the economics a little better. I don't want to expect something exact, but did you have maybe some kind of a ballpark feel for that would be helpful?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Bob, it's Martina. First of all, as we all know, that it's far too early to be really drawing any type of conclusions in terms of what the Durbin Amendment does, given all the interpretation that the Fed has to do. But in a very predominant way, what was featured in the Durbin Amendment was really related to interchange fees. And as you know, while we interchange a transaction, that is not our revenue. So we are basically handling the interchange fee from the acquirer to the issuing community. And again, I can only tell you very, very difficult for us without the interpretations to understand how the payment environment in total will really be impacted, how the banks will specifically be impacted. Of course, we are all seeing the announcements and expecting that there will be some decrease to their interchange revenues. But then to extrapolate what that means for the individual payment network would be too premature to do at this point.
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray Companies: But you could give a feel for what your net revenue yield is off of your debit volumes?
Martina Hund-Mejean: No, Bob, we are not giving that. We don't have those kind of detailed numbers out there in the market.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Real quickly, we talked a lot about the numbers that could be at risk related to Durbin and whatnot. But can you just maybe frame, Ajay, for us the mitigation efforts and some of the strategy that you guys are going through right now? As you think about what the Fed could do, what are the levers to potentially offset any moves by the Fed that could impact volumes or your overall business? And I guess just relatedly to that as well, as we look at the credit card accounts on file declining still, how are you guys thinking about that in terms of also mitigating the sort of future lack of growth on the credit card side?
Ajaypal Banga: Well, I'm not sure if you can conclude that there'll be a future lack of growth on the credit card side. First of all, given all the change that will happen, one of things that could well happen is that the pattern of spend changes from one kind of card used to another kind depending on what kind of consumer incentives get developed over time by issuers or by merchants as they respond to where the Fed comes out on its thinking around these rules. So I'm not sure I could conclude that credit card spend will necessarily decline over time. I'm not even sure that I could conclude that debit cards spend will decline because it will depend on where the interchange number settles down, how the debit card plays a critical or non-critical role in the strategy of retail banks to get DDA through the door with the need for relatively low-cost funding. So this is -- you're asking me to conjecture on 100 permutations and combinations and we're working our way through those. I'm not going to do that conjecturing. But I would tell you this, if you go about what happened in Australia, then you know that what will happen here is that banks will really look at their economic model, they will look at pricing. We are already seeing motion on the so-called, let's say, the soon to happen demise of free checking that people are speculating. I don't if that's true, but I can see some movement on that. You're going to see efforts by the issuers to drop off costs billable for electronic servicing, they'll probably look at their loss programs. You're going to see efforts to cross sell through the DDA even stronger, more enhanced because that the only way you can for that DDA account. You're going to find every bank and us and Visa and everybody else working with regulators to make sure that the pricing costing of a transaction includes the fair compensation for technology, for fraud, for security, for privacy, plus a margin for the capital investor. And those are the kinds of conversations you're going to see, beyond that, conjecturing how the market will shake out and how we'll respond. We just have to be sensible over the next few months. I firmly believe what I said earlier, there will be challenges, but there will be opportunities. And I said this in a somewhat more joking way, this is one time when I'm probably grateful for not having had the highest market share in debit in the United States.
Operator: And your next question will be from the line of James Kissane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Ajay, just following up on your last comment there, what is MasterCard's view on non-exclusivity?
Ajaypal Banga: I don't have a view yet because I'm going to see and watch what the Fed does. You know that, that's one of the topics -- that's the one year way decision that they have to explain. So I don't have a clear view yet. I am developing different scenarios for different ways in which they may respond. But that's kind of where I am.
James Kissane - BofA Merrill Lynch: And just given your market share, it seems like it presents opportunity to the extent that it relates to off-line, not just '10, is that right?
Ajaypal Banga: So it's really your conclusion, but I'm still waiting to see how the Fed comes to an understanding of what constitutes the amendment they'd like to put in. If you kind of look at the language in the Durbin Amendment, the frame language requires that an issuer's debit card must access at least two unaffiliated debit networks. The Fed kind of interpret really one of those one of the as signature, PIN, whether they've got one of one, one of the other, two of each, two of the other, I have no idea. I don't know how to put that out there yet. So they're going to see how that goes and then I'll have a more considered view for you.
Operator: And your next question will be from the line of Jason Kupferberg with UBS.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS Investment Bank: So Ajay you've inherited a great balance sheet here and your stock is down, along with some others obviously, because of all the regulatory uncertainties that popped up here over the last few months. How do you think about balance sheet deployment options? Do you think more seriously about possibly doing a new share buyback program? Or are we going to have to wait until the September analyst meeting to perhaps get some more from you on that?
Ajaypal Banga: Yes.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS Investment Bank: On prepaid, if you can give us a sense -- I don't know if it can be quantitative at this point, but what kind of growth are you seeing in prepaid, maybe parse out U.S. and non-U.S., at least qualitatively?
Ajaypal Banga: I think prepaid's a huge opportunity. And the market size is the largest to date in the United States; largest by far, not just by a small amount. The factors -- it has many things built into it; everything from Social Security Administration is planning to do. I think we talked about in the last earnings call, but what they're planning to do is that by 2013, every single payment from the Social Security Administration will either go by direct deposit to a bank account that that the receiver has or by a direct load on to a prepaid card that the receiver must then have. It so happens that you've got a great program in place to be the supplier of those prepaid cards through Direct Express and Comerica. And so that kind of driving -- one of the things that's driving prepaid as a space. You know the prepaid cards space has got a large component of consumer reloadable, general-purpose cards. A large component of what the government will provide, which is kind of the example I just gave you, a fairly large component dedicated to payroll and corporate payroll and the like. And then a much smaller component dedicated to gift cards. And in fact, gift cards are what everybody talks about. But in fact, the economics of a gift card are very different from the other three because a gift card is a one-time load of an average of $70 to $80 each time in the U.S. whereas a Social Security card, 1 million of which are already in circulation by the way, have a load of somewhere between $700 to $800 a month. And if a person stays on that payment for a year, you're talking about $9,600 of load compared to $70 to $80 of load on a gift card. So the economics are very different and we are very focused on the government, payroll and consumer general-purpose reloadable. There's obviously a lot of growth to happen outside of the U.S. I think the Telefonica deal is an example, is a great way to think about consumers who may possess phones, but may not possess formalized bank accounts and formalized credit cards as a way of entering into a whole new space. There are similar opportunities would be Accor JV that we signed in Europe, where we look at meal vouchers and company benefit payments that come on to prepaid cards. There's opportunities of mobile payments in Latin America that they're exploring and doing a lot of work with. There's similar things in Asia from India to other locations. So I'm very interested and intrigued by what prepaid could do and how it could be a way of getting so many underbanked, not just unbanked, people to participate in the payment systems. And that's kind of where our effort and energy is going, Jason.
Operator: And next, you have from the line of Don Fandetti with Citigroup.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc: Ajay, Visa had mentioned that they have had some recent discussions with the DOJ and were pretty comfortable with where they were going. I was curious if you had any comments. Does that tie in to anything on merchant litigation, if you could just sort of frame that issue from MasterCard's perspective?
Ajaypal Banga: The DOJ has been in contact with us for quite a while on this CID. It goes back to October 2008. In fact, if you go back to our Qs from that time onward, you'll find us talking about it consistently, including in the latest Q. The fact is that we are working with them and cooperating with them for all the information they're looking for. As you heard in a different call, this is not directed exclusively at one payments network. It's part of an overall investigation of the merchant rules, not the interchange, the merchant rules, the POS rules of several U.S. payment card network players. It's got to do with all the POS acceptance rules. So I'm not going to comment on communications with a government regulator. As I said that for the Fed, that's kind of not what I do. What I can comment on is in my public filings. All I can tell you is we are actually having a very constructive dialogue with them and that's where we are today.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc: So as an investor, is there any risk around that to business practices, or would it be the type of thing where it's pretty marginal no matter what comes out?
Ajaypal Banga: It's tough for me to conclude until I know what the DOJ is thinking. But I have no reason to believe that the DOJ investigation has anything of any magnitude that I would be so seriously concerned about today. That's today. It's got rules, it's got POS acceptance rules. Tomorrow, if they change the POS acceptance rules in a way that it makes it a different business model and yes, then over a period of time, it will have an impact. But I don't any know way to add any more information to you than where that is today.
Operator: And your next question will be from the line of Rod Bourgeois with Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein Research: Ajay, I like your joke about being glad about your low debit market share. On that note, do you view the Durbin Amendment as opening certain doors to share gain opportunities in the U.S. debit business? And I guess more specifically on that, could you give us any examples of new strategies that you're entertaining in order to respond to whatever your expected case scenario is related to the Durbin Amendment?
Ajaypal Banga: So I also said there's not one expected case scenario for the Durbin Amendment. There's actually a series of multiple options that could settle down depending on how the Fed, which has been tasked with starting this actually comes to conclusion over the next nine months in the case of the interchange numbers and 12 months in the case of the other provisions around exclusivity. So there's no way for me to give you one versus the other. And I doubt that even on investor day in September, you're going to know much more by the end about which way the Fed is leaning or thinking. But I would say this to you, does it open up opportunities? I think it opens up both opportunities and challenges depending on which side of the table the Fed comes out on. And my perspective is that when you've got a lower market share, us as well as other players, whatever changes in the game will give us an opportunity to be nimble and respond to it. Having said that, the larger market share players will fight as hard as they can to hold on to their market share. So this is going to be one of those market changing movements that I don't yet know how to predict. But I'm very confident that I will find the opportunities through this for us to keep doing well.
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein Research: One scenario is that you have an opportunity to get your brand on Visa-branded exclusive cards. And I guess my question is why would that not be a big opportunity from a share-gain perspective, an opportunity that you've not seen in a long time?
Ajaypal Banga: Sure, if that scenario were to come true, if the Fed would interpret it exactly as you just said, I would completely agree with you.
Rod Bourgeois - Bernstein Research: And would you be willing to lower price, to attract merchant routing decisions your way in order to gain that share?
Ajaypal Banga: Hypothetical question, chief. I don't answer hypothetical questions.
Operator: Your next question will be from the line of Thomas McCrohan.
Thomas McCrohan - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Ajay, do you have any thoughts about chip and PIN technology coming to United States and any thoughts about what you view to be the total fraud cost in the system including issuers, merchants and consumers?
Ajaypal Banga: I'm not sure that chip and PIN technology in the United States is a definite in the next foreseeable period of time; unless it gets legislated, that's a different thing. But where it is today, the cost of actually rolling out the acceptance network, as well as reissuing all those cards, is so many multiples of any fraud cost benefit that I think the economic rationale for doing that would become very challenging. And in this current environment where so many other revenue lines for a bank are under; pressure given the moving target of the financial reform bill from what's going on with capital to what's going on with the revenue streams, in the trading book, in the investment banking book, in the consumer banking book, I don't know that a lot of our clients would consider that to be priority number one today. That's just the reality of where it is. So that's kind of where it is today. I'm not sure that you'll see a great deal of movement on that in the foreseeable future in the U.S.
Operator: Your final question will be from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: But did you give an update on the merchant litigation case? And Ajay, I heard you mention charge cards in your prepared remarks on Durbin as an option for issuers, and I'm curious if you see a revival on growth for charge cards in the U.S.?
Ajaypal Banga: I'm not sure yet, but I can comment definitively about charge cards revival. That's just one of the options that I think that if I were an issuer today, which I'm not, but I was a little while ago, I would be thinking very carefully through different ways of finding relatively low-risk methodologies of making sure that I can help give my consumers the right kind of tool and yet protect my revenue stream. So that's one of the ways that people would look at it. But I don't know for sure that I can tell you that a lot of people are going to come and jump at it tomorrow. As far as the merchant interchange litigation is concerned, nothing new. The court heard all our arguments on the plaintiff's motion for certification and the defendant's motion to dismiss in November '09. That decision is still awaiting. The parties are participating in a confidential mediation. I have no idea if it will be successful or not, and no trial date has been set up. So there's nothing new on that merchant litigation from what we discussed last time we spoke.
Operator: And at this time, I would like to hand the call back to Ajay Banga for his closing comments.
Ajaypal Banga: First of all, thank you for all the questions and let me leave you with just a few closing thoughts. Over the shorter term, both the economy, as we discussed in the U.S. in particular and the regulatory front, represents some challenges. However, MasterCard, I think, has demonstrated over the years that it can find its way through these challenges. On the business front, Martina and I both talked about the fact that we've lost a few debit contracts over the last couple of years that are only now beginning to work their way through our financials. We've also won a few great deals in debit and the emerging payment space, but I think will begin to contribute later this year, but will contribute much more in the next couple of years. We also work very hard to control expenses to manage through the impact of the recent global economic slowdown and I'm still trying to put money into investing in future growth. Again, as Martina mentioned, we're putting some of the savings into e-commerce, mobile, prepaid, that kind of space. I'm kind of still very optimistic about our future growth prospects. We do business in 210 countries today. And the majority of our revenues come from outside of the United States, which, as of now, showing faster growth. At any given time, I'm going to have challenges in some markets and opportunities in many more. Our global structure, our global construct, I think, contributes to our resilience through cycles and, frankly, to my expectation for long-term growth of our business. As I firmly believe that payment is and will remain a growth industry due to the continued secular trend through electronic payments, the underlying fundamentals of our business remain intact and we are also innovating in order to be best positioned to take advantage of these growth opportunities. That's why I'm very excited to be here. I'm very excited to be leading this company and this team. And once again, thank you for your time today. I'll look forward to seeing many of you at our Investor Day on September 15, and we'll continue the discussion about our business and the strategy for our future. Thanks again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the presentation, and you may now disconnect. Have yourselves a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ajay Banga - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director, Member of Executive Committee and President of Mastercard International Robert Selander - Chief Executive Officer, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of MasterCard International and Director of MasterCard International Board Barbara Gasper - IR Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Adam Frisch - Morgan Stanley Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray Companies Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co David Parker - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Christopher Mammone - Deutsche Bank AG Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets Craig Maurer - Calyon Securities (USA) Jason Kupferberg - UBS Investment Bank Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to MasterCard's First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jeremy, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'd like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Ms. Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may proceed.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Jeremy. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today either by phone or webcast for a discussion about our first quarter 2010 financial results. With me on the call this morning are Bob Selander, our Chief Executive Officer; Ajay Banga, President and Chief Operating Officer, who, as you know, will succeed Bob as MasterCard's CEO on July 1; as well as Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer. Following some comments by Bob, Ajay and Martina, highlighting some key points about the business environment and our first quarter results, we will open up the call for your questions. This morning’s earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. The earnings release and the slide deck have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one week through May 11. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today’s call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard’s future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our recent SEC filings. With that, I will now turn the call over to Bob Selander. Bob?
Robert Selander: Thanks, Barbara, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start out by saying how pleased I am that we've been able to deliver another strong quarter of earnings results. This is indicative of both the underlying momentum of our business, as well as some encouraging signs of economic recovery in pockets around the world. In the first quarter, we saw net revenue growth of 13.1% on an as-reported basis, and 10.2% on a constant-currency basis. Gross dollar volume, or GDV, grew 8.3% on a local-currency basis. We continue to see growth in processed transactions, and cross-border volumes have returned to double-digit growth. We maintained solid expense control, which allowed us to expand our operating margin nearly five percentage points from last year's first quarter. All of this helped fuel net income growth of almost 24% for the quarter, or approximately 19% on a constant-currency basis. We believe that some of the improvements we saw in the quarter can be attributed to recent positive macroeconomic data points. For example, the stabilization of unemployment rates in United States as well as increased consumer confidence, although still at low levels, were likely contributors to increased spending in discretionary categories and to the improvement we saw in U.S. credit volume. While credit growth in the U.S. was still negative for the quarter, we've moved beyond the double-digit declines of 2009. During the month of March, we saw positive growth in processed U.S. credit volume for the first time in approximately 18 months. This trend continue through the first four weeks of April. Given the challenges we've all faced over the last 18 months or so, it is encouraging to see signs that the global recovery is continuing across a number of countries, specifically in Russia, India, China and Brazil. As many of you are aware, many economists now observe that the global economy has reached a self-sustaining momentum. This is particularly evident across emerging market environments. I recently returned from a series of business meetings across Asia, and I was struck by the overwhelming sentiment of optimism that many of our customers have about their future business opportunities.  This is in contrast to some of my recent interaction with bankers in the U.S. and Western Europe, who have been more cautious. Nonetheless, we continue to see improvements across a number of economic indicators, which bode well for our business. Excluding the U.S. region, we saw strong GDV growth of approximately 15% on a local-currency basis for the quarter. I'd now like to introduce Ajay Banga, MasterCard's next Chief Executive Officer and the newest member of the company's Board of Directors. Over the course of the succession planning process, our Board focused on identifying someone who possesses both leadership skills and proven results. Ajay has a career that is rich and bold. His industry knowledge, his deep background in financial services, his experience working in numerous geographies have all prepared him well for this role and make him the perfect CEO to lead MasterCard into the future. As we work together over the past eight months, I have been very impressed by his thoughtful and energetic approach to business.  For me, it has been challenging and exciting to have led the company for the past 13 years. I'm proud of how our company has demonstrated strong, consistent performance. Importantly, we built an incredible set of assets that offer a true competitive advantage, including: a world-renowned brand and our iconic Priceless advertising platform; a global technology network that is second to none, offering incredible flexibility and customization opportunities for customers; and employees who are deeply experienced, knowledgeable and passionate about the payments business. I look forward to continuing my current role, and then transitioning to the Executive Vice Chairman role in July. And now, I'd like to turn it over to Ajay to provide some comments on our business.
Ajay Banga: Thank you, Bob. Let me start off by saying that Bob has just done a tremendous job of positioning MasterCard for continued success. The strong first quarter results that we announced this morning is just one more indication of that positioning. Martina is going to get into the details of the results shortly, so I thought I'd spend a few minutes sharing some of our thoughts and business highlights with you. The payments industry is still very much a growth industry, not just in the emerging markets where there is an obvious potential for growth all around. But also in the developed world, where there is continued opportunity for growth by market segment, and in new and alternative payment platforms like contactless, mobile, e-commerce and remittances. We're just very fortunate to be part of an industry where the secular shift from paper to electronic forms of payments will drive growth through different economic cycles.  Our industry and our business have been built on the widespread adoption of credit and debit products globally, and we remain very optimistic about the growth potential of these businesses. We're going to invest our resources in initiatives designed to accelerate our business in key markets around the world and to drive growth beyond that secular momentum.  To do this, you will find us sharpening our focus on supporting the needs of constituents across the payments industry and diversifying our revenue streams by geography, by customer and by product, including capturing the large opportunity we believe prepaid products represent. Innovation will be key to our future success, so you should expect to see us putting an even higher level of effort in these areas while we continue to innovate in more of the traditional spaces of debit, credit and prepaid.  I'm sure you will hear a lot more from us about this when we host our annual investment community meeting in September. So let's do a quick review of some of our recent announcements in this area, and let me give you a sense of where we are focusing our efforts.  Last month, we launched MasterCard Labs, our new global Research and Development organization, focused on payment innovation, aimed at differentiating MasterCard among customers and consumers. MasterCard has contributed significant innovations in the past as well, including PayPass, MoneySend and inControl. The creation of this organization, along with some other recent announcements, underscores our commitment to build solutions with our own, but also with partners to most efficiently and effectively meet the emerging needs of the payment space. Another example is our launched of MasterCard MarketPlace in the United States, powered by a new alliance with Next Jump  [Next Jump Nation]. MasterCard MarketPlace allows cardholders access to merchant-funded offers from thousands of merchants. What's new and different about it is that shoppers can set what types of offers they want to see, and the MarketPlace then tailor the discounts to shoppers' stated preferences, as well as their interactions and the behavior of shoppers just like them.  Importantly, merchants are then able to customize offers to groups of people and monitor the results realtime, which in the past have proven to produce industry-leading conversion rates. So it's not just an enhanced check out experience, but an enhanced shopping experience for consumers and a targeted promotions engine for merchants. Think of it more as a Match.com for shopping and with some of the largest online retailer among the over 28,000 participating merchants. They're very excited about what this platform can do for us and our customers.  I hope you had the chance to sign up and check out the daily overwhelming offers and VIP invitations to exclusive shopping events.  Our inControl solution continues to gain momentum with recent U.S. commercial wins including JPMorgan, Fifth Third and the First National Bank of Omaha. We're very optimistic we will be able to bring you further daily news in this in the near future. We're also making progress in the U.S. debit front, but not as you've heard from some cynics, with deals at any price just to gain market share. In addition to the fund trust deal, which we announced back in January, we have signed debit deals with a number of other banks in this past quarter, including Ohio-based FirstMerit Bank, who will be converting their debit and credit portfolios to MasterCard. Additionally, Ally Bank, the online banking unit of GMAC Financial Services, will begin issuing Platinum debit MasterCard cards later this year through their U.S. online, checking and money market account holders. On the credit front, HSBC renewed their global mass affluent Premier credit relationship with MasterCard. And as part of a long-term contract renewal, MasterCard is now the exclusive brand of choice for HSBC's Premier card program, which is aimed and targeted at affluent customers around the world.  Prepaid continues to be a high-growth area as we further build our market leadership. On Earth Day recently, the U.S. Treasury announced a green initiative to reduce paper checks. Treasury will leverage the existing Direct Express program with Comerica Bank that already has more than 1 million MasterCard-branded prepaid cards. Direct Express will be expanded beyond Social Security benefits to now include all Veterans Affairs, Railroad Retirement and Office of Personnel Management benefit recipients that currently receive paper checks. This conversion process will begin this year with requirements that all new recipients receive payments electronically starting in March 2011, and all existing recipients receive payments electronically starting in March 2013. Being part of this tremendous growth opportunity just validate the efficiency that payment cards deliver over the traditional forms of payment.  These are just some of our efforts that have made it to the point of public announcement. Stay tuned. We expect to have more to say on a number of fronts as we move through the year and continue to build and bring even more new products and services to the market. I'll now turn it over to Martina to discuss the first quarter financial results in detail. Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks, Ajay, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin on Page 2 of the deck, which shows our reported results. As Bob said, we are very pleased to start off 2010 with strong first quarter financial results. Revenue grew 13.1% to $1.3 billion over the comparable period last year. On a constant-currency basis, net revenue grew 10.2%. This revenue increase was primarily driven by a 10.9% increase in cross-border volume, and 8.3% increase in gross dollar volume on a local currency basis and a 4.6% increase in a number of process transactions. Pricing contributed approximately five percentage points to net revenue growth. This growth was somewhat tempered by an increase in rebates and incentives due to the impact of our cross-border pricing structure, customer agreement activity and volume increases. Operating expenses increased 2.2%, primarily due to foreign exchange fluctuations. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, operating expenses were up slightly as we continue to manage our expenses prudently. Our operating income was $700 million for the quarter and resulted in a quarterly operating margin of 53.5%, a 4.9 percentage point improvement over the year ago quarter. We delivered net income of $455 million, or $3.46 per diluted share, up roughly 24% over the first quarter of 2009.  Turning to Page 3, we are seeing a stronger performance across a number of business drivers, including the strongest volume growth since the third quarter of 2008. And cross-border volumes were back to pretty healthy double-digit growth levels as well. Worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV, was up 8.3% on a local-currency basis in the first quarter, and grew 14.8% on a U.S. dollar-converted basis to $631 billion. We've continued to see stabilizing trends in U.S. GDV with good sequential improvement in the first quarter, which was down 1.1% as compared to a decline of 3.4% in the fourth quarter last year. Across the rest of the world, GDV continue to grow a healthy 14.7% on a local-currency basis.  Worldwide credit GDV grew 3.5% on a local-currency basis versus the slight decline in the fourth quarter. This is the first quarter since the fourth quarter of 2008 were worldwide credit GDV was positive. U.S. credit GDV growth continues to improve on a sequential basis, but was still down in the high single-digit range. Credit GDV for the rest of the world grew 9.1% on a local-currency basis. Let's turn to debit. Worldwide debit GDV grew 18.1% on a local-currency basis. This compares to about 12% growth in the first quarter of last year. In the U.S., debit GDV volume grew 7%. Debit growth for the rest of the world was approximately 33%, primarily driven once again by growth in our Asia Pacific, Middle East Africa region. On a local-currency basis, worldwide purchase volume grew 8.7%. U.S. purchase volume was also slightly positive for the quarter.  Cross-border volume growth on a local-currency basis was up 10.9%. We saw a double-digit growth in our Asia Pacific, Middle East, Africa and European region, while our cross-border business in Latin America was good, largely due to the strength of our Brazilian cross-border volume. We continue to see good growth in our U.S. cross-border volumes with strong cross-border acquiring from travels into the United States. When we look at processed transactions, they increased 4.6%, compared with the year-ago quarter to a $5.4 billion. In Asia Pacific, Middle East, Africa and the Latin American regions, processed transactions continue to grow at double-digit rates. With the exception of Europe, all other regions grew at mid to high single-digit rates. The number of MasterCard branded cards worldwide was essentially flat on a year-over-year basis at 957 million cards for the quarter. Excluding the U.S., the rest of the world card issuance grew approximately 7%, demonstrating the continuing growth opportunities for MasterCard from the secular shift from cash to electronic payment forms. As of March 31, 2010, there were approximately 1.6 billion MasterCard and Maestro-branded cards issued globally. Now let's turn to Page 4 to discuss the components of revenue. Domestic assessment increased 6.1% from the first quarter of 2010 due to increased volumes and the impact of the April 2009 pricing change, partially offset by the repeal of some European pricing beginning in July 2009. Foreign exchange contributed roughly three percentage points of growth.  Cross-border volume fees increased 39% versus Q1 '09. A little more than half of this $125 million increase was due to pricing actions during 2009. The remainder was primarily due to cross-border volume growth, which was up 10.9% on a local-currency basis. Foreign exchange contributed approximately three percentage points of growth. Transaction processing fees increased 16.7% compared to the year-ago period. We continue to benefit from April 2009 U.S. pricing changes, which accounted for approximately 11 percentage points of the increase. The impact of foreign exchange contributed roughly three percentage points of growth.  Processed transactions grew 4.6% in the quarter and continued to be affected by the loss of certain debit portfolios in the U.K. and the U.S. Excluding the loss of these portfolios, processed transactions grew approximately 10%. Other revenues increased 12.6% versus the first quarter of 2009, primarily driven by compliance and penalty fees. All of these resulted in an increase of $255 million, or 17.1% in gross revenue. For the quarter, rebates and incentives grew $103 million. Approximately $55 million of this increase was due to rebates associated with our new cross-border pricing structure. The remainder was attributed to new and renewed agreement and volume growth. Overall, rebates and incentives represented 25.2% of gross revenue, versus the 22.6% in the first quarter a year ago. Now let's turn to Page 5 for some detail on expenses. During the first quarter, total operating expenses increased 2.2% and were up only 0.5% excluding the impact of currency fluctuations. Within total operating expenses, general and administrative expenses increased 2.1%, with currency fluctuations accounting for 1.4 percentage points of the increase. The remaining change in G&A was primarily driven by a 2.9% increase in personnel cost, mainly due to increased payroll taxes related to divesting of equity compensation awards. Travel and entertainment cost was also up somewhat versus extremely low levels in last year's first quarter. These increases were partially offset by lower severance cost and reduced payroll. Advertising and marketing spend was down 0.7% versus the year-ago period. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, A&M declined about 4% versus the first quarter of 2009 primarily due to lower spend in the U.S. Depreciation, amortization was up as a result of continued investment in data center equipment and capitalized software.  Moving to the cash flow statement and balance sheet highlights on Page 6. We generated $95 million in cash from operations in the first quarter primarily driven by operating income, partially offset by payments of year end payable litigation settlement payments and the payroll tax liability associated with divesting of equity compensation awards. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and other liquid investments of $3.3 billion. Before getting into some thoughts for full year 2010, let me give you an update of what we've seen recently. While looking at our MasterCard processed volumes through April 28, we see the following. Our cross-border volumes continue to improve across all regions, with a rate of growth a bit higher than the first quarter. We see continued strong growth in our Asia Pacific, Middle East, Africa region and Europe region, and some good increases in the U.S. and acquire cross-border volume as more consumers and business people travel to the U.S.  As Bob said earlier, growth in U.S. credit processed volumes was more positive in April than it was in March. However, when we look at total U.S. processed volume growth in April, it is very similar to the first quarter growth rate due to the tempering effect of the two U.S. debit portfolio losses. Total processed volume growth for the rest of the world in April was also similar to what we saw in the first quarter. Now let's turn to our thoughts for 2010, please look to Slide 7. In order for our full year 2010 net revenue growth to be as strong as the double-digit growth we saw in the first quarter, we would have to see further improvements in some of the macroeconomic indicators, stronger volume growth and cross-border activity beyond what we are currently forecasting. Remember, as the year progresses, we will see some tempering in top line growth due to the following factors.  First, we begin to experience tougher comps, given that signs of economic recovery began to show in the second half of 2009. Second, the rollover of a few portfolios will continue to dampen our processed transaction growth. Right now, we expect this to bottom out in the fourth quarter of the year, but we expect processed transaction growth to remain in the single-digit range. We will continue to give you an indication of the adjusted transaction growth rate each quarter in order to demonstrate how the underlying business is performing. And we continue to expect contra as a percentage of gross revenue to average 26% to 27% for the full year, given our current expectations of volume growth and cross-border volume growth in particular. Therefore, as a percentage of growth order revenue, contra will be a bit higher in the remaining quarters for the year than the 25% level we saw in Q1. Let me remind you, that we always look at rebates and incentives in the context of longer-term net revenue growth. Overall, we continue to anticipate our total operating expenses to 2010 will be flat to slightly down over 2009 levels including severance charges. Some of the savings obtained from our 2009 severance actions will be reinvested back into the business areas, such as e-commerce and prepaid, as well as some additional marketing efforts.  Turning to the components of operating expense. General and administrative expense is expected to be down from 2009 levels, including severance. We still expect advertising and marketing to be up, mid-single digits from our full year 2009 spend. While our current full year view for advertising and marketing expense has not changed, our expectations for the quarterly cadence of spend has changed from our initial thoughts. Rather than the absolute level of spend being relatively equal in the remaining three quarters, we now expect the quarterly spend to increase sequentially as we move through the year, and depreciation, amortization will trend upward over the balance of the year due to the impact of increased investments in our business.  We continue to assume an effective tax rate of 34.5% for 2010. And finally, we remain focused on our objective for the 2009 to 2011 period of annual margin expansion of three to five percentage points and average annual net income growth of 20% to 30%. Remember, while all of our objectives are on a constant-currency basis, our as-reported numbers will include any impact of foreign exchange. Assuming yesterday's exchange rates hold for the balance of the year, we would expect the current tailwind to revenue we saw in this quarter to be a roughly neutral in the second quarter turning into headwind for the back half of the year.  As we look at underlying economic indicators, customer relationships and business momentum, we believe we will be able to deliver another solid year. Let me now turn the call to back to Barbara to begin the Q&A session. Barbara?
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Martina. We're now ready to begin the question-and-answer period. And in order to get to as many people as possible in our allotted timeframe, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question with one very brief follow-up, and then queue back in for additional questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And ladies and gentlemen, your first question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with JPMorgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I wanted to ask about Europe. The purchase volume there, I guess, was a little bit better than what we expected. Can you comment on recent trends in Europe both in cross-border and also in the purchased GDV side? Anything we should consider as we look through the next few quarters?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Tien-Tsin, it's Martina. There is nothing specific really to call out. We are seeing some better momentum in Europe, but we can't really point to any specific factors at this point.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So in terms of recent trends there, just to clarify, anything that's worth noting from a macro perspective?
Martina Hund-Mejean: If you are just talking about over the recent issues that Europe has regarding Greece and some of the other countries, we really have not seen any impact on our numbers related to those kind of issues.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And my follow-up is probably another brief one, but just thoughts on Visa's acquisition of CyberSource, and does this increase your desire at all to do a deal in e-commerce?
Ajay Banga: Tien-Tsin, it's Ajay. We're already present in the gateway business for quite some time. We've had the MiGS, as you know, MasterCard Internet Gateway System [MasterCard Gateway Service] in Asia for quite a while. And that's a relatively large gateway of system. It's the biggest actually, one of the biggest in the Asia Pacific. We've got plans to expand our gateway footprint with gateways that are part of our mobile strategy, as well as part of our launching in tandem with Itaú [Itaú Unibanco] in Brazil. So gateways as such are interesting, but I think all e-commerce strategy goes past the gateways to looking at how you offer cardholders a more rewarding and more finely tuned, unique and personalized offers of online shopping, which is what the MasterCard MarketPlace is about. It also is about giving merchants access to new customers and getting incremental sales from existing customers and reducing the amount of abandoned shopping carts, which is again what the better conversion ratio of things like the MarketPlace is about. And of course, it's about enabling issuers to have a much stronger link with their cardholders. So within MarketPlace, gateways, R&D and our E-commerce business, MasterCard Labs, the mobile strategy, you'll find us focusing on this space in many different ways over the next couple of years.
Operator: And your next question will be from the line of Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: On the puts and takes in the rebate, can you just make sure that there's something -- there's two parts here. I just want to make sure we have this straight. One is the cross-border component and the other one is a component for some of the new contracts plus volumes. The way that they ramp as we go forward, can you just kind of walk us through how to think about this on a quarterly basis? Obviously, it's going to be higher for the rest of the year. I want to wake sure we understand, when you think about the changes especially on the contract, when to expect to see those things ramp up.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Julio, as in now, it's always very difficult to predict what happens on a quarter-by-quarter basis, because it depends on when we really sign a contract. And at that point in time, you have to consider what the accounting implications are. But for the whole year, we said that contra at this point in time is forecasted to be at the percent between 26% and 27%. And that is really based on the kind of volumes that we are forecasting, as well in particular cross-border volumes. Because obviously, as you know, it's part of the rebates and incentives. We have really, we have the cross-border pricing structure in there. For this particular quarter, rebates and incentives grew by $103 million, roughly half of that or $55 million was related to the cross-border pricing structure. In the other half, you can pretty much divvy up between new and renewed agreements, as well as volume growth. And we would expect that for the next few quarters, we are seeing something very similar. The one thing that I just want to highlight a little bit, we do expect SunTrust starting to convert in the fourth quarter. And that would be an impact on our financials right then and there, because we have a conversion going on. And as you know, as part of the conversion, you typically have to take some of the costs of that into your P&L in period.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then just the revenue growth expectation as you go forward, have to think about the portfolio losses as an offset. But it looks like you're coming in much stronger on the cross-border and U.S. credit volumes also appears to be a little bit better. Is that the kind of a good way of kind of characterizing the puts and takes here?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes, I mean, puts and takes is obviously both on the overall volume, as well as in transaction growth. We do have some headwinds, so we'd like you to take those into account, because we're really not being finished -- we are not going to be finished with the headwinds until the fourth quarter has rolled around, and including the fourth quarter. And then we are seeing some better numbers in cross-border volume than we otherwise saw before, but we'll have to see how that's going to go forward.
Operator: And next, you have a question from the line of Adam Frisch with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Frisch - Morgan Stanley: I wanted to get color from you on three fronts. One, what will be the most noticeable difference in MasterCard in 12 to 24 months from now? Two, some additional thoughts and innovation, it's great to hear that's a big focus of yours. Your thoughts on building versus buying, and whether MasterCard will get more active in the M&A space. And then finally, your split in resource allocation between the U.S. and non-U.S. regions.
Ajay Banga: What difference will you see? Look, I believe that this company has just built off an outstanding foundation. I have said this publicly. I have said it in employee meetings. You're not first one to ask me this question, as you can imagine. I don't have any plans to dramatically change things than the company's working the right way. People change things when you feel that things are broken. This is not in that kind of form. It's a company with an outstanding track record of revenue growth and profit growth. There are things to do which we are working on, which we have been working on not just since I joined but from earlier. And one of those is to focus on innovation as a way of differentiating our company and our products, both for our clients but also for their customers, the ultimate cardholders and the ultimate payment originators and receivers. So that's kind of how you'll find us very focused. We've got a series of thoughts around innovation. You're going to hear more when we meet in September. But a little bit about can be talked about to date, be it the launch of MasterCard Labs, which is really an attempt to focus on innovation effort by bringing technology and business people together in one organization, with an effort to fast-track ideas and bring them out the door. The second part has to do with ideas in e-commerce and mobile banking and mobile e-commerce. I think it's not, as I said, not just gateways. Gateways are oriented more towards how a merchant experiences the event. There's wallets that are oriented more to our customer experience in the event. But then there's all these other things you can do with things like the MasterCard MarketPlace to make that customer have a more enriching experience and the merchant have a more successful outcome. So you'll see us focusing on e-commerce. You'll see us focusing on prepaid. You'll see us focusing on reward schemes. There's some articles that have come out recently about things they're trying to do with reward schemes. This is all WIP, work in our process. I think on the build versus buy, in all honesty, there's no straight answer to these things. It depends a little bit on what you see in the marketplace, when it fits to just strategic priority. First, it must bring something to you, you do not possess, either in the form of distribution or products or people. Secondly, it must fit with your hurdles in terms of what you expect to make back from the money we invest on behalf of our shareholders. And if it doesn't fit those two primary criteria, we'll build it. And I don't have a real answer. It depends on issue by issue, item by item, circumstance by circumstance. This company invested money a little a while ago in buying Orbiscom to get hold of inControl, which was IP-protected. And I would tell you that we are beginning to see a lot of interest in all my travels in the last -- just three months, I have been to different markets. I've been to Russia, Turkey, Poland, India, the U.K., Brazil, Colombia, Mexico and Canada, in addition to the U.S. And I'm telling you that clients everywhere, senior managers and those clients, really understand what inControl is about. Bob has been all over Asia in the last month. He's been to Australia, to Hong Kong, to Singapore, to China and back. And he has the same experience that they've been having on this topic. So, yes -- would that have been a good buy? Yes, because we couldn't have built that ourselves compared to having an intellectually-property-protected item we could have picked up when we bought Orbiscom. So there's no real answer. It's an answer on what's right for that strategic priority. Resources between U.S. and international, I don't know that yet. I don't know the answer to that. I think you will find that the way I look at this business and the way Bob has been looking at it, is that while we believe that the international markets, not just the developing markets by the way, we believe even developed Europe has opportunities that is relatively well positioned in that marketplace. And with some more opportunities coming through it, I believe that the world outside of the United States is an attractive place for our growth. We already get 55% of our revenue from outside of the United States roughly, and that's already higher than a number of other companies in our space. That doesn't mean that we would believe we should invest less in the United States. I think the United States is still the bedrock of our business, and we need to grow there and demonstrate revenue growth in that marketplace. But I think you'll find us thoughtfully investing in both spaces as the opportunities come along.
Operator: And sir, your next question comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey with SunTrust.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Good to hear that U.S. credit trends are headed in the right direction. Can you drill down in that a little bit? Maybe Martina to talk about categories of U.S. credit spending. I think Visa said a couple of weeks ago or last week that it saw still greater strength in sort of nondiscretionary items within their credit book of business. Can you comment on that a little bit, and just maybe give us a little bit color on what we're seeing in the United States?
Martina Hund-Mejean: We are seeing some trends that people are willing to do a bit more discretionary purchases versus the nondiscretionary purchases. As you know, most of our cards are really everyday cards, so you're using them every day. So we definitely see the nondiscretionary purchases continuing and toping up a little bit with the discretionary side. The only real data that we have published in the past is really from the MasterCard SpendingPulse. And when you look at some of that data that is out there, you can see that some of the discretionary items, such as what's happening from a furniture industry point of view, what's happening from an electronic industry point of view, when you look at the jewelry kind of area, the things are picking up; albeit they're still back to fairly low levels compared to like 2006 and 2007, so hopefully we'll see a lot more to come. But we are starting to see the consumers coming back into the market.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Prepaid is an area that's gaining a lot of attention these days. Is there anything specific you can talk about in prepaid that you think starts to move the needle from MasterCard over the next several quarters?
Martina Hund-Mejean: I can start, then maybe Ajay may want to jump in here. But obviously, one of our flagship programs really is the Comerica program. And as you know, we had won some months ago, 18 months or 20 months ago, we had won the Social Security issuance all on MasterCard. And the announcement was made very recently that we are actually winning more of the government programs. Those are significant programs. Given that the U.S. Treasury really wants to move off the paper checks into the electronic payment form, this will be a good significant amount of momentum that we will eventually see. And by the way, we are not only seeing that in the United States. We are seeing that also in other countries. And we have features with you [ph] (00:57:58) at some point in time, for instance Italy. And so that's in the public sector arena. Is there something you want to add?
Ajay Banga: Yes, a couple of things that might be of interest to you, is our H&R Block prepaid card, which we've got going with us. We've also got the Wal-Mart payroll card recently, which allows us to issue payroll cards to Wal-Mart employees, who otherwise would have taken a check and have to go to a check-casher to get out their cash. So there's a series of these events, the U.S. government Visa -- Martina just talked, she mentioned Italy and the Italian post office. We've also had a deal with Univision for a prepaid card and that appeals directly, as you can imagine, to the kind of community that looks at Univision as a source of news and entertainment vault. And so we're trying to focus our prepaid efforts you will find in many different direction: one, being the government space; two, being the consumer general focus, reloadable space. Those two are very interesting because of the of the profitability and reuse dynamics of those. If you think about a gift card, a gift card is a onetime acquisition with an average of $70 or $80 loaded on it. Whereas a general focus, reloadable or a Social Security card tends to create $800 a month on the average, and people last there for a year or two years. You can imagine the profitability, dynamics of that are more interesting than that of a gift card. It doesn't mean gift cards are not interesting, just means the others are somewhat more attractive. The whole prepaid space, be it corporate payroll and benefits of the medical reimbursement cards, there's just a series of phases with Accor Services, our JV in Europe, that we are working on. So I don't know how to exactly tell you that there'll be something specific that will come in next 18 months. You'll just see us working very hard at each and every one of these opportunities to get into the opportunity as it grows. but also to tap into more pieces of the value chain as we go along.
Operator: And your next question will be from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: I was wondering if you could elaborate on the timing of the customer losses this year and their impact on process volumes. I was just [indiscernible] (01:00:15) And then just as a follow-up, I wanted a clarification on the rebates and incentives line. If SunTrust -- the conversion happens in the fourth quarter as planned, does that take up that run rate of rebates and incentives that you addressed, Martina?
Martina Hund-Mejean: First of all, on the timing of the customer losses, we are pretty much I think done in terms of having seen the impact in our first quarter completed on one significant customer in the U.S. And we still have one other customer standing out there, which is the WaMu for the rest of the year. And that's going to come off and fit some screws over the rest of the year. In the U.K., we are through one of the portfolios probably like 50%, 60% and maybe the other portfolio also would still run through to the rest of the year. So Sanjay, you're really going to see for the rest of the year still some headwinds, both -- some are volume as well as some transaction point of view. On the rebates and incentive line, I think I really can't add anything more than what I already said, which means in Q4, we are probably going to see the impact from SunTrust. But we are not ready to establish any new baseline going forward.
Operator: And your next question will be from the line of Jason Kupferberg with UBS.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS Investment Bank: I think in the past, you've indicated that your next sizeable contract renewals are scheduled for 2011. Can you assess the probability of those becoming early renewal situations that could positively get renegotiated before the end of this year? And in situations where the customer does ask for the early renewal, what types of concessions can you as the network typically secure in return?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Jason, when we look at 2011, there is no really sizable renewal of a MasterCard portfolio.There is another sizable renewal of a competitor portfolio in 2011. What we have is one sizable renewable in 2012, one in 2013 and one in 2014. So that's still way out. But obviously, what we will be doing is we will be, from a competitive point of view, trying to make sure that we expand where MasterCards are being issued. So that will be our approach in 2011.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS Investment Bank: And then just to switch gears, with United and Continental, looking like they're going to merge here. Any thoughts on the opportunities or risks that could be associated with United Visa portfolio being combined with Continental's MasterCard portfolio? Maybe you can frame a best or worst case scenarios for MasterCard. I think you did recently renew the Continental portfolio, but any thoughts there?
Ajay Banga: Let me take that for a second. During the process of evaluating all those terms, it's my understanding and our understanding that the existing MasterCard-branded Continental cards will remain MasterCard-branded for the life of the account. So I don't know what else opportunities or issues may come along as this merger goes through. It's very early days, and so that's kind of the way they are right now.
Operator: And your next question will be from the line of Rod Bourgeois with Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Ajay, it seems MasterCard needs a bigger U.S. debit market share, and I'm wondering if this would be a key goal of MasterCard under your new leadership?
Ajay Banga: Look, I think being Present in the debit market in the United States, which is certainly a growth category is without doubt, something we have want to play in. We are already a reasonable player. Some of the transactions that have happened in the last few years have not worked in the favor of this company, in terms of being able to hold on to some of that business. But we're making progress. We have made progress with SunTrust. We've made progress with a number of different-sized banks as well. Yes, you will find us focused on growing our debit book, but focused on growing it with transactions that make sense for our company. And there are many other opportunities as well. I believe prepaid is another opportunity at getting at a similar pay now, in fact, pre-funded card. And so there's many ways to grow our presence in the non-credit space, and you'll find us making efforts on all those fronts.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: And then the follow-up, kind of in a similar vein of asking about kind of key strategic initiatives, do you have any plans to move more into acquire a processing activity? We see some of that going around the in space, and I'm wondering if that scenario where MasterCard will increasingly focus?
Ajay Banga: Look, I think we've -- the concept of being in processing both in some ways issuer processing and acquirer processing, is not a bad thing for a company in our space. And some of our competition talks about it as well. We've got a -- let's say a process, a technology called IPS, Integrated Processing Solutions, that we have got signed up with a few customers and we are very focused on rolling that out for the issuer processing side. I think there's a series of things that we've been doing on the acquirer processing site in a number countries. In some countries, they may actually have to do that underground to establish certain presence on the ground as part of the terms of doing business in those countries. So you will find us thoughtfully looking at all these opportunities to grow our presence. And hopefully, you've heard a little bit more about this when we meet in September.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Is that an area where you would be aggressive or just incremental with your strategy on the acquirer processing side?
Ajay Banga: September is not that far away.
Operator: And your next question from the line of Chris Mammone with Deutsche Bank.
Christopher Mammone - Deutsche Bank AG: Could you maybe just go into some of the recent pricing changes that you made with the Cirrus ATM network? I guess we always thought of the ATM business as being less lucrative certainly than the POS side. So is a takeaway there that perhaps you're running out of areas in the POS side to exact pricing and now, I mean, ATMs?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Chris, I have to draw you back on in terms of what we are talking about pricing initiatives, is one, we've got -- we obviously looking at what kind of value we provide to the customer and what kind of pricing these changes we might have to do in order to be competitive. And that's really in the main how we're looking at it. And in the past, we've been saying that on a -- for the 2009, 2011 period, our run rate for pricing was kind of in the 200 basis points as though. So we're not looking at this any different. Obviously, we'll be reassessing as we are coming closer to September and our investor community day in terms of where we're going to go from here. But at this point in time, this is a pretty good viewpoint, and it's fairly consistent what we said in the past.
Christopher Mammone - Deutsche Bank AG: Could you just give us the underlying sort of same-store transaction growth rates, excluding the acquirer [ph] (01:07:54) portfolios on a monthly basis through the first quarter and into April?
Martina Hund-Mejean: For the first quarter?
Christopher Mammone - Deutsche Bank AG: Yes, if you could just give us sort of what January to Feb to March that you've pulled the plug?
Martina Hund-Mejean: No. I mean, what I can tell you only is really from a volume point of view, because transactions are clearly difficult, I mean, in terms of drawing any conclusions because of the loss of the portfolios. But from a volume point of view, what we have seen is that January was an okay month. It was a little bit later in February, and then March should really kind of snap back. And when we look at the average of the quarter that we just said both for the U.S. and for the rest of the world, we're seeing in April exactly the same average at this point in time. That's for domestic volumes. And then for the cross-border side, our 10.9% that we set for the first quarter on average, that's a little bit higher when we look at the April numbers.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Bob Napoli with Piper Jaffray.
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray Companies: I was hoping you might be able to give some update on your thoughts around regulation and interchange, I guess the Conyers Bill kind of popped up a little bit again last week. And I was just wondering if you can give some color around your thoughts about what could happen when in the yard?
Robert Selander: As you probably know, Conyers and Durban have been making various proposals in the U.S. Congress, and there are some amendments that have been put forward in terms of the financial regulatory reform bills that are currently being looked at and debated in the Senate. From our perspective, we believe that these continue to be pushed by the Merchants Payments Coalition. And the motivation behind these is really to put merchants in the position where they don't pay their fair share. At the end of the day, someone's going to have to pay this. And to the degree these amendments as some of them seem to be getting structured or to move through, then consumers would wind up being penalized. So we're paying attention to these things. We think that Congress understands that you can't give anybody a free lunch. And so we hope that that's the way they think about it as they work through financial regulatory reform.
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray Companies: You really didn't mention anything on the call yet about you have your focus on the Money Transfer (sic) [MoneySend] segment or remittance or the card. And I just don't know if that's kind of moved down the scale somewhat, given the other opportunities you have down the list of material opportunities over the next few years. But I was hoping you might give some updated thoughts on your activities there as well.
Ajay Banga: Well, actually, I thought I did talk about remittances, it's in passing, that it's true. But that's not because of the fact that it's not playing a role. We've got a series of pilots around the world in different corridors of money transfer remittances, between the UAE and certain countries. We're in the process of looking at a pilot between the United States and Mexico. So we've got a series of pilots around the world, and that is actually part of the whole space, mostly in mobile banking and mobile commerce that we're looking at as a process. It's also possible to look at remittances cross-border in the prepaid space, particularly with U.S. payroll on the one side and recipients on the other. And there's some word going on in that space as well.
Operator: And your next question will be from the line of David Parker. [Lazard Capital Markets]
David Parker - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Visa Europe recently changed some of their interchanged fees. Has this changed the competitive landscape over in Europe? And can you just give us an update on the SEPA [Single Euro Payments Area] initiatives?
Robert Selander: David, I think you're referring to the press coverage over an agreement reached by Visa with the European Commission. And I think it was limited to debit, cross-border within Europe and potentially in a couple of individual markets in terms of the debit interchange fees. As you probably recall, it was over a year ago that we reached an agreement with the European Commission on both debit, as well as consumer credit cross-border interchange fees within Europe. The way that I think I've described this in the past is, is it gave some stability in terms of our issuers and acquirers understanding the nature of what was happening with regard to interchange fees. It's supported the principle of interchange fees that we thought was very important. But it was also done at levels that were lower than what we think is appropriate and necessary to support continued investment in the business by issuers in Europe. And that's why we also indicated that we're continuing our appeal to European Commission decision in the Court of First Instance. And we expect that will probably make its way through the court system later this year or early next year.
David Parker - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: You recently talked about upgrading your processing network. Can you provide some of the highlights that you implemented or changed? And are there any more changes going forward that could tick up some capital expenditures?
Ajay Banga: We make upgrades to our processing network on a fairly frequent basis. In fact, twice a year is what we are doing right now. It's a structured process. Our issuers and acquirers are very much a part of this whole process, because they have to do work at their end depending on which elements of this upgrade they wish to take into their systems. It just so happens the ones we've done in the recent past had a couple of interesting features; and there one being the remote point redemption methodology, which is yet to be rolled out commercially, and so it's a little premature to talk about it. And another one being the whole fraud detection methodology. There's some built-in capabilities in Asia Pacific and in Latin America. There's a series of these. And so each of our upgrades have this been built into our system with a few new features in each. So I don't know that you should read more into it in terms of kind of any incremental investment cost because of that. This is something we've been doing for years. It doesn't mean there won't be incremental investments and strategic business ideas. I just wouldn't to read too much into it based on the fact that there is an upgrade.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yes. And just to add to this, as you know, I mean, we have pretty steady-state capital expenditures. We don't expect anything different for the rest of this year from a capital expenditure point of view. But what you're also seeing is, as we are adding to our capital, our depreciation and amortization expense does go up and it will go up again this year.
Operator: Your next and last question will come from the line of Craig Maurer with SLSA (sic) [CLSA].
Craig Maurer - Calyon Securities (USA): I wanted to get your opinion on the launch of Elo down in Brazil, the competing network that was launched in the JV that will focus on the low-income households. And it will be a direct competitor to Visa and MasterCard. So I wanted to get your opinion on why you think they felt the need to launch that, whether it was just a land grab on fees. Or was there something that the existing card business wasn't bringing to that subsegment?
Ajay Banga: Well, I was in Brazil just last week actually, when this announcement was happening. And I have the opportunity to meet both Bradesco and Banco do Brasil; which by the way, are actually very more aligned with our competitors and with us. So this question's probably better answered by them in some way. My general sense of where they're trying to go on that, the government of Brazil is trying to go, is to help find a way to increase the level of bankerization. It a bad word, but it's what it means. It's the bankerization, the extent of banking that is provided to individuals in their country. They have made a series of attempts over the last the last seven, eight years, including the expansion of the ability of merchants, drug stores and convenience stores, to even do basic cash availability and transactions of that size on behalf of banks. It's trying to provide access to people to come into the banking system. And I think what they are trying to do with Banco do Brasil and Bradesco, which are very large banks, in addition to Banco Itaú, which is also a very bank -- but these two have attempted to go out and create this new bank in which they are looking for a local debit scheme but also for local use, that's also attached some processing assets into it. In all honestly, I don't expect major changes over the short and medium term. As both these clients -- they were very clear that they intend to the keep issuing other brands. In fact, I specifically understood from them that their commitment and intentions with MasterCard remain exactly the same. So having said that, when somebody launches a local debit scheme in a marketplace, it doesn't back the market. It'll take some business, their percentage away from the global payment schemes. But the global payment schemes bring different things to the table, and the total market should grow as a result of this effort. So I think the opportunity in Brazil is much bigger than this issue share, would either pull down or up. So I think there's so many other opportunities in Brazil to grow the business for us and our competitors. And I think there's a much better position there that we all need to occupy and invest in.
Operator: And with no further questions, I'd like to turn the call back to Mr. Bob Selander for any closing comments.
Robert Selander: Thanks. As evidenced through our great performance and the accomplishments in the first quarter, we are committed to leveraging the strength of our global network, processing capabilities, our strong relationships with customers and our product development platform to drive payments innovation and business results for our issuers, acquirers and our other partners around the world. We remain very optimistic about our future growth prospects. MasterCard is well positioned to take advantage of the recovery. We are fortunate to be part of an industry that offers tremendous opportunity for growth, and the payment trends are working in our favor. Consumers, merchants, businesses and governments all over the world continue to migrate towards electronic payments. Thanks for joining us, and have a great day, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day, evening, night or morning.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Barbara Gasper - Group Executive, Investor Relations Robert W. Selander - Chief Executive Officer, Director Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer Ajaypal Banga - President, Chief Operating Officer 
Analysts: Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs  Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital Rod Bourgeois - Sanford Bernstein Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co.  Adam Frisch - Morgan Stanley James Kissane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch  
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the fourth quarter and full year 2009 MasterCard earnings conference call. My name is Regina, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. (Operator’s Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.  I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Miss Barbara Gasper, Group Executive of Investor Relations. Please proceed. 
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Regina. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today, either by phone or webcast, for a discussion about our fourth quarter and full year 2009 financial results. With me on the call this morning are Bob Selander, our Chief Executive Officer, Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as Ajaypal Banga, our President and Chief Operating Officer. Following comments by Bob and Martina highlighting some of the key points about the business environment and our fourth quarter and full year results, we will open up the call for your questions. This morning’s earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. The earnings release and the slide deck have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one week until February 12.  Finally, as set forth in more detail in today’s earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today’s call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard’s future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our recent SEC filings.  With that, I would like to now turn the call over to Bob Selander. Bob?
Robert W. Selander: Thanks, Barbara, and good morning, everyone. I would like to start out by saying that I am very pleased that we have been able to deliver another strong quarter of earnings results. This is indicative of the underlying momentum of our business, including several new and renewed deals that we have signed over the past several months. I will have more to say about some of these deals a little later.  In the fourth quarter, we saw net revenue growth of 6% on an as reported basis, and 2.2% on a constant currency basis. While the weakening U.S. dollar has created a tailwind for us this quarter, we also saw encouraging signs with regard to key aspects of our business. Gross dollar volumes, or GDV, grew 5.3% on a local currency basis. We experienced continued growth in process transactions, and cross border volumes have returned to positive growth. We also began to see the impact of some of our deals in our rebate and incentive line. Total operating expenses increased for the quarter, primarily driven by higher marketing investments and severance charges that we spoke to on our last call. And I am pleased that net income grew 21% for the quarter, excluding any special items.  We delivered strong financial results for the full year with net revenue growth of 2.1% on an as reported basis, or almost 4% on a constant currency basis. Excluding onetime items, we delivered an operating margin improvement of 5.5 percentage points over 2008. Adjusting for special items, as well as a gain from the sale of our remaining interest and ReadyCARD in 2008, net income grew approximately 27% for the year on a constant currency basis.  Throughout 2009 we took important steps to improve our expense management and resource alignment to ensure that the company is well positioned for growth as the global economy continues to improve. With the exception of the United States, gross dollar volume grew double digit during the fourth quarter. We also saw growth of 6.7% in process transactions around the world. Overall, these results continued to underscore the strength that our global business model affords us, even in the current environment.  Turning now to some recent trends in the economy and the state of the business in the U.S. and Europe, as we saw last week, U.S. GDP increased at an annual rate of 5.7% for the fourth quarter, primarily driven by exports and inventory building. While the overall trend is reassuring, personal consumption expenditures grew at only 2% for the same period, and there is no change to our outlook regarding the U.S. consumer. We continue to be cautious about the health of the consumer as reflected in recent spending trends, as well as the slow pace of real improvement for people’s financial security, specifically in housing and unemployment. January’s conference board consumer confidence index improved 2.3 points, signaling that overall general consumer confidence is stable to slightly improving in the U.S.  The short-term outlook was somewhat mixed. The percentage of consumers expecting an improvement in business conditions over the next six months decreased, while those anticipating conditions will worsen increased. While home prices were up for several months through November, they are still much below 2007, and home sales for the year dropped sharply by 23%. Although the rate of unemployment has leveled off and most economists do expect an improvement in the second half of 2010, it remains very high at 10%. Our own research indicates a wavering optimism, where consumers have grown weary of the slowdown and are preparing for it to last longer than they initially thought. A new mindset seems to be emerging which suggests that people are looking for opportunities to spend, while trying to balance the temptation to consume, with a need for restraint due to the realities of the environment.  In Europe, the EU consumer sentiment indicator improved somewhat in December, although it remained slightly negative reflecting a continuing overall pessimistic outlook by Euro’s own consumers on the financial position of their households, the general economic situation, and towards unemployment and the rate of savings.  On a more positive note, European business sentiment improved in December, reflecting an expected improvement in general economic activity. In summary, there are some encouraging signs in the recent economic data and consumer sentiment findings.  We remain cautiously optimistic in our outlook, although our assumptions remain unchanged from those I shared with you last quarter. We don't expect any meaningful global economic improvement until the second half of 2010. Turning to the MasterCard spending polls data for the U.S. retail sector. Retail sales, excluding automobiles, increased 2.3% in the fourth quarter, with easier year over year comparisons supported by higher gasoline prices and a generally healthier holiday shopping season. When you exclude both autos and gas, retail sales grew about 1.6%.  The 2009 holiday shopping season returned to a more traditional pattern, with sales beginning on Black Friday and then holding momentum through December. This was different from the 2008 season, where steep discounting ahead of the Thanksgiving holiday pulled a portion of the holiday sales into early November 2008. The net result of differences in the 2008 versus 2009 periods shows a difficult comparison in November and an easier comparison in December of 2009. E-commerce sales benefited from disruptive weather events in the central region of the U.S. early in the month, with storms on the east coast the weekend before Christmas. This weather prevented consumers from traveling to brick and mortar locations and helped drive online sales to a 17.7% growth rate in December. E-commerce spending was up over 16% for the fourth quarter.  Our analysis shows that retailers did not have to employ broad discounting this holiday season. Inventories appeared to be more aligned with demand which in turn may be resulting in better financials for retailers and a generally healthier retail environment as we head into 2010.  When we look at our MasterCard process volumes and transactions through the first four weeks of January we see the following. Our cross border volumes continued to improve across all regions and were better than the fourth quarter which was low single digits. Once again our Asia Pacific region continues to demonstrate significant growth on a sequential basis and U.S. cross border volumes have improved from low single digit declines and are now trending slightly positive. While not a perfect proxy for gross dollar volume, U.S. processed volume growth continues in the low single digit range. Process volumes for the rest of the world also continued to improve relative to the fourth quarter. Finally, process transactions continued to grow in the mid-single digit range, tempered by Maestro losses in the UK versus last year. I'll now turn the call over to Martina for a detailed update on our financial results and operational metrics.
Martina Hund-Mejean:  Thanks, Bob and good morning everyone. Let me begin on page three of the deck where we'll focus on the 2009 actuals versus the 2008 non-GAAP column, which excludes special items. As Bob said, we are pleased to cap off 2009 with strong fourth quarter financial results. Fourth quarter net revenues grew 6% to $1.3 billion over the comparable period last year. On a constant currency basis, net revenue grew 2.2%. The revenue increase was primarily driven by pricing changes of approximately five percentage points, a 3.9% increase in cross border volume and a 6.7% increase in the number of processed transactions. This was tempered by an increase in rebates and incentives.  While we have continued our focus on expense management, the 9.8% increase we saw in total operating expense for the quarter was driven by our plan for higher advertising and marketing spending and additional severance charges.  Foreign exchange also contributed 3.2 percentage points to the increase. As a result our operating income was $468 million for the quarter and the quarterly operating margin was 36.1%. MasterCard's effective tax rate was 35.8% in the fourth quarter of 2009. The decrease was primarily due to a more favorable mix of earnings, a lower state tax rate and a lower provision for tax reserve in the fourth quarter of 2009. We delivered net income of $294 million or $2.24 per diluted share. Please keep in mind that this includes $0.19 worth of severance related charges.  Turning to page four. The global diversification of our business continues to underscore our ability to generate significant volume, transactions and revenue from regions outside of the United States, and has thus cushioned our business from some of the decline that we experienced in our U.S. business. Worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV was up 5.3% on a local currency basis in the fourth quarter and grew 11% on a U.S. dollar converted basis to $674 billion. We've seen good improvement in U.S. GDV which is down 3.4%. Actually, a great improvement from the high single digit declines in the third quarter. Across the rest of the world, GDV continued to grow a healthy 11% on a local currency basis or an increase of 21.6% on a U.S. dollar basis. Worldwide credit GDV growth was essentially flat on a local currency basis, improving from the mid-single digit declines in the third quarter. U.S. credit GDV growth continues to improve on a sequential basis but is still down in the low teens range. Credit GDV for the rest of the world continued to grow at 5.4% on a local currency basis, or 16.1% on a U.S. dollar basis.  Worldwide debit GDV grew 19.7% on a local currency basis. This compares to about 11.5% growth in the fourth quarter of last year and is actually the highest quarterly rate of growth this year. In the U.S. debit GDV volume grew at 10.5% and debit growth for the rest of the world was 31.3% primarily driven, once again by growth in our Asia Pacific, Middle East Africa region. On a local currency basis worldwide purchase volume grew 5.7% and U.S. purchase volume declined 1.3% for the quarter driven by a decline in credit volume.  Let's turn to cross border volumes. Cross border volume growth on a local currency basis was up 3.9% . We saw double digit growth in our Asia Pacific, Middle East Africa region, as well as strong cross border growth across our European businesses. In the U.S. cross border volume growth was just slightly negative, a vast improvement from over the last four quarters when we experienced double digit declines in each quarter. We did see a decrease in our Latin American region, due to a sharp drop-off in Venezuelan cross border activity. Our cross border transaction growth in the fourth quarter also returned to double digit growth for the first time since the fourth quarter of 2008.    When we look at processed transactions, they increase 6.7% compared with a year ago quarter to $5.9 billion. In Asia Pacific, Middle East, Africa and select Latin American regions processed transactions grew at double digit rates. With the exception of Europe, all of the regions grew at mid to high single digit rates. Excluding the impact of the loss of two Maestro portfolios in the UK and one U.S. debit portfolio, processed transaction growth would have been in the low double digit range.  The secondized (ph) shift from cash electronic payment forms continues to provide significant growth opportunities. The number of MasterCard branded cards worldwide declined 1.3% to $966 million for the quarter primarily as a result of U.S. issuers purchasing accounts. Excluding the U.S. the rest of the WorldCard issuance grew 7.3%. As of December 31, 2009 there were approximately 1.6 billion MasterCard and Maestro branded cards issued globally. Now let's turn to page five. As I mentioned earlier net revenue for the fourth quarter grew 6% on an as recorded basis or 2.2% on a constant currency basis. Domestic assessments increased 4.9% from the fourth quarter of 2008, primarily due to increased volumes partially offset by the repeal of some European pricing. As you know, we agreed to pro-repeal some of our October 2008 pricing actions as part of an interim arrangement with the European commission effective July 2009.  Cross border volume fees increased by 21.4% versus the fourth quarter of 2008 primarily due to new pricing implemented during the quarter, most of which was rebated to customers. Cross border volume growth of 12.1% on a U.S. dollar basis also contributed to the growth in this revenue line item.  Transaction processing fees increased 20.3% compared to the prior period. Pricing changes introduced in the U.S. in April 2009 accounted for approximately half of the increase. Growth in processed transactions accounted for most of the remaining increase. Other revenues increased 8.8% versus the fourth quarter of 2008, primarily driven by a number of items such as compliance and penalty fees. All of these factors that I just mentioned resulted in a 13.5% increase in gross revenue. As Bob mentioned earlier we began to see the impact of some deals that closed in the quarter on the rebates and incentives lines. Of the 35.1% increase, approximately two-thirds was due to new and renewed customer agreements and the other third was due to rebates associated with the new cross border pricing. For the quarter, rebates and incentives represented 30.7% of gross revenues versus the 25.7% in the fourth quarter a year ago. Now we'll turn to page six for some detail on expenses. During the fourth quarter total operating expenses increased 9.8% excluding special items. This includes severance related charges of $38 million for the quarter. Without the impact of severance in both this quarter and the year ago quarter, total operating expenses increased 7.4%. Including special items total operating expenses increased 6.6% on constant currency basis.  The increase was mainly driven by the following. General and administrative expenses increased 1.6%, with currency fluctuations accounting for 2.3 percentage points of the increase. G&A included the severance related charges. Excluding those charges for both periods, general and administrative expenses decreased, actually 2.3% versus the same period in 2008. Advertising and marketing expense increased by 25.1% versus a year ago period. This increase represents incremental investment in priority countries, including funds originally anticipated to be deployed in the third quarter and increased investments in media, customer marketing and promotions. Foreign currency fluctuations accounted for 5.4 percentage points of the increase.  Now let's turn to page seven and let's take a quick look at our strong 2009 full year performance which we're very proud of, when you consider the environment that we were facing at this time last year. We delivered net income of $1.5 billion excluding special items or $11.19 per diluted share. Also excluding the gains from the sale of our Redecard investments in 2008, net income grew approximately 27% for 2009. And excluding seven charges in both years, net income grew approximately 32%.  We achieved full year net revenue of $5.1 billion, representing growth of 2.1% and on a constant currency basis net revenue 3.9%. Pricing adjustments contributed approximately 6 percentage points of the growth and net revenue growth for 2009 was also driven by process transaction growth of 6.9%. Its positive factors were partially offset by the impact of lower cross-border volumes on a $US basis, and higher rebates and incentives. Total operating expenses for the year declined 6.9%, excluding special items and declined 10.5% when you also exclude severance related charges in both periods. Finally, we saw over 2009 full year operating margins improved 5.5 percentage points to 44.5% from 39% in 2008, excluding special items in both years.  Moving to the cash flow statement and the balance sheet highlights of page eight. We generated $284 million in cash from operations in the fourth quarter, and end of the year with cash, cash equivalent and current investments of $2.9 billion.  Before moving on to our 2010 outlook, I'd just like to spend a minute one other CAPM structure item, many of you have asked about what happens to our Class B stock upon the fourth anniversary of our IPO in May. As you will recall following the conversion programs that we have run the last three years, shares of Class B common stock now represents just over 15% or approximately $20 million of our outstanding shares. When Class B ownership drops below 15% as a result of holder's voluntary election to convert the Class M shares and associated voting right will be automatically redeemed. Earlier this week, our board of directors approved plans for further Class D conversion programs that will begin after May 31st. We included a summary of these programs in our Form 8-K files earlier this morning. Turning to 2010, we believe the road ahead is a positive one, though there will undoubtedly be some challenges as we navigate through the first half of the year. We're carefully balancing our risks and opportunities looking at the realities of what's happening across the world. While most economic and consumer indicators are slowly improving, we expect challenges during the first half will be concentrated in the U.S. and in Europe.  In the U.S. there is still uncertainty in the industry around the implication of the credit card act, while this plays out we will of course determine our customers' actions with respect to their (inaudible) businesses. And in Europe we are making nice progress across the SEPA and Eastern European regions, although as I mentioned earlier this is being tempered by Maestro losses in the U.K. and the repeal of some 2008 pricing. We're seeing encouraging signs in other parts of the world, for instance in Asia Pacific in some countries in Latin America we continue to expect double digit volume growth. Additionally, cross-border activity levels are picking up around the world, which as you know is an attractive revenue driver for us.  As outlined on slide nine, the following represents our current view of 2010 on a constant currency basis. We expect that net revenue growth will be better than the 3.9% growth we saw in 2009. Based on what we expect for the first few months of the year it is unlikely that in 2010 we can get back to our old 12%-15% average annual net revenue objective. We expect some contribution from pricing though at a lower level than what we saw last year. Rebates and incentives as a percentage of growth revenue will continue to grow in a trajectory, a bit deeper than what we've experienced over the past two years, the sum variation between the quarters depending on our ideal activity.  As Bob mentioned earlier we are very pleased with the number of new and renewed deals that we have signed in 2009 and we look for this momentum to continue into 2010. As a result the rebate in intensive line will include the impact of both 2009 deals, as well as new agreements that we sign in 2010. Also included will be the impact of the new cross-border pricing that has a rebate component to it. So if you just think about it, rebates and incentives are just another form of reinvestment in our business, so it should not be surprising to see this line increase as we work to drive volume and new business opportunities. Over the last year or so we have made significant progress in realigning the expense base of our company in response to the realities of the market, we anticipate our total operating expenses will be flat to slightly down. At this point in time, we believe our expense realignment efforts are essentially behind us. We will continue to invest for future growth therefore you should be careful about factoring the entire benefit of the 2009 severance action into your model. Turning to advertising and marketing we currently expect to be up mid-single digits from (inaudible) full-year 2009 spent. If the market environment recovers faster than we currently expect we will then need to reassess and potentially increase our marketing support.  In terms of quarterly (inaudible) past years spending in the first quarter will be the lowest of the year. We are currently planning for the spend in the remaining three quarters to be relatively equal, although this is something that we will be evaluating on a quarter-by-quarter basis as the year progresses. Finally, we remain committed to our longer term objectives of annual merging expansion of three to five percentage points and average annual net income growth of 20%-30%. Remember, while all of our objectives are on a constant currency basis, our as-reported numbers will include any impact of foreign exchange; you are also assuming an effective tax rate of 34.5% for 2010. Overall, as we look at our performance expectations for 2010 we believe that we will be able to see her through the challenges in order to deliver another solid year. Let me now turn the call back to Bob to cover some recent business highlights.
Robert W. Selander: Before moving in to the Question and Answer Session, I'd like to share with you some of our recent business successes and developments from around the world, beginning with some recent deal ends starting with some debit and prepaid examples.  A few weeks ago we announced that SunTrust has chosen MasterCard to be its payments partner in debit. SunTrust will convert all of its debit card programs to MasterCard. After the conversion, which is expected to begin later this year, SunTrust will issue approximately 5 million MasterCard debit cards. This is a significant win for our U.S. debit business and we are very pleased to start off the year with this new partnership. Additionally, SunTrust will be expanding its current commercial offering in the future to include MasterCard commercial credit cards. We look forward to working with SunTrust to enhance the value of their payments business. In January we renewed and extended our agreement with Woodforest Bank, one of our largest debit insurers based in Texas. This includes both our consumer and small business debit portfolios. We also renewed and extended our agreement with Primerica Bank in December, both our commercial cards and our public sector prepaid business with Primerica is included within the scope of this agreement. We're pleased to continue to work with both Primerica and Woodforest to grow our mutual businesses and to reinforce our already strong partnerships. In a deal that represents both our prepaid expertise and our best-in-class processing capabilities, ABN AMRO in the Netherlands, has selected our IPS processing platform for their prepaid business. IPS was implemented in 2009 and has enabled ABN AMRO to achieve back office efficiencies which has led to increased productivity and competitiveness in winning new business.  In Germany, West LB started issuance of the first payback Maestro debit cards with the initial conversion of their private-label portfolio. The new issuance has enabled cardholders to immediately benefit from value-adding Maestro functions including worldwide acceptance, secure online shopping through SecureCode, and contactless payments with PayPass. PayBack is one of Europe's leading loyalty programs. We're happy to be working with West LB and PayBack. Turning to some recent developments within our innovative platforms group, we're pleased with recent announcements about our MasterCard in Control offering. As many of you know this is our innovative product that offers financial institutions an array of advanced authorization, routing, and alert controls that they can use to create products for their cardholders. In the UK, Barclaycard will now offer the option of MasterCard in Control functionality. This is the first consumer use of our service that enables cardholders to set spending controls and receive realtime information about their accounts. Features include automated SMS alerts to keep tabs on spending, alerts and blocks for online card spending or high-value transactions, and weekly or monthly budgets with alerts when that budget is reached. In mobile there are two developments I'd like to highlight. In Canada we announced a mobile trial with Bank of Montreal and Research in Motion to bring mobile payments to Blackberry smart phones through our MasterCard PayPass Tap & Go technology.  In Brazil, Itaú Unibanco and ReadyCARD with the mobile operator Vivo will be the first to use the MasterCard Mobile Payments Gateway to deliver mobile payment solutions to the bank's customers in Brazil. This will allow customers to use their phone as a mobile wallet and link existing credit, debit, or prepaid MasterCard or Maestro accounts to their phone to fund mobile initiated payments. In the transit space when you couple our leading contactless PayPass technology with the unparalleled speed of our network it results in great values and efficiencies for both transit systems and cardholders and we've had several new developments including in Turkey we expanded the number of cities that accept PayPass for transit payments. In the UK contactless payments went live in Liverpool with Stagecoach's 200 strong bus network and Transport for London is also planning to accept PayPass.  In France, the second phase of the public transportation trial with PayPass went live with RATP and La Banque Postale, and in Brazil's Rio de Janeiro we launched the first contactless payment application for public transportation in Latin America. Overall we're very pleased with the business momentum we have as we head into the new year. We look forward to working with our customers and merchant partners on these and future opportunities that will make everyday commerce easier and more efficient for everyone involved. I'll now turn the call back over to Barbara so we can begin taking your questions.
Barbara Gasper: We're now ready to begin the question-and-answer period. And in order to get to as many people as possible in our allotted timeframe we ask that you limit yourself to a single question with one followup and then queue back in for additional questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator's Instructions) And your first question today comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with Keefe Bruyette & Woods.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods:  Okay thank you. I was wondering if I could get a little bit more color on the rebates line. My math shows about 24% rebates to growth revenues. I was wondering what we should expect specifically for 2010? Will it be higher than this? And could you just help with the seasonality in that line throughout the quarters?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah, Sanjay. What I referenced when I talked a little bit about 2010 was what you saw in 2008 from a rebate point of view and what you saw from 2009 a rebate point of view as a percentage of growth. So when you look at 2008 percentage of growth rebates and incentives were almost 23%, like 22.7%. And in 2009 as you know it goes up to 24% and what we are at this point in time expecting for 2010 is that the rates will be a little bit of a steeper increase than the differential between those two years. Now please keep in mind we have a number of things going on. We already told you the pricing changes that we made in October of 2009 has a rebate component to it and we pretty much gave you the numbers which allow you to calculate how much in that particular quarter our rebates related to pricing impacted the rebates and incentive line and that will be pretty much going on for all of 2010. And then the other part will be due to the agreement we already signed and some new agreements that we are expecting to sign in 2010.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods: Okay. And then just to followup on the pricing changes you mentioned, Martina. I mean, could you provide a little bit more color as far as scope and timing?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Pricing changes, what do you mean?
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods: Oh, in this year.
Martina Hund-Mejean: This year? Well, as you know the only real pricing changes that we have announced is an April pricing change, but other than that I don't think we have anything else to say at this point.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods: Okay great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks. Martina, just to sort of bracket your comments around the revenue growth. So obviously your average target for revenue growth, it sounded like you're saying you were going to be below that, but better than the 3.9, so do we walk away from this with a range of 3.9-11 or can you just help us think a little bit better about the revenue growth there?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah, Julio, that's a tough one because we do not give annual revenue guidance as you know, and so we just are trying to be helpful to focus it for you between what we saw last year. Certainly we are going to see a better trajectory this year based on our assumptions, economic assumptions. And you can try to do some calculations given the 12%-15% that we had on the table sometime ago, but we're not really giving an annual revenue guidance.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And just one quick followup, your target is a constant currency number. In 2010 you are expecting currency to be — is it a benefit or a drag in your —
Martina Hund-Mejean: Julio, it depends. You're seeing what the euro is doing at this point in time.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: I know, I know (laughs).
Martina Hund-Mejean: Apparently yesterday it broke the 1.39 barrier so Q1 and Q2 of last year we had like a 1.30-1.33 euro on average I think in the quarter so it definitely would be — I mean, unless they have the euro cratering we have still some benefit ahead of us, but that could turn in the latter part of the year.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay great. Thank you, guys. Good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Napoli with Piper Jaffray.
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: Thank you. A little bit of color, I'd like to get a little more color on the Maestro losses, the two Maestro losses in Europe and also the processing loss in the US?
Robert W. Selander: I think probably that is one that I referred to in my comments and you'll probably recall, and I think this was about two years ago, we lost some Maestro business in the UK and those conversions are working their way through our card numbers in terms of Maestro cards as well as processed transactions in the UK. That will continue, I believe, throughout 2010, and we should be at what I would call I guess the new steady state starting 2011.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah. Just to add to that, Bob, we have one customer that (inaudible) in the UK which will pretty much roll off in the middle of this year, one other which is going to go through the whole year, and then one US customer when we're not really sure when it will start, but we do think that our, at least process transaction numbers will be tempered for the whole year for that customer too.
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: Okay. My followup question I guess to try to dig a little bit more into rebates because I mean your big competitor doesn't seem to be having the same issue on rebates so I'm a little bit confused why you're having that issue. And I guess when you talk about revenue growth you're talking about net revenue growth after rebates and you're still forecasting very big margin increases, but if you could — why are the rebates raising so much for you guys versus Visa?
Martina Hund-Mejean: I'm not sure you can really make the statement in terms of our rebates increasing a lot more than our competitors, but what you do have to realize is that when you look at the growth revenues versus the net revenues, a number of us have different list prices and different tiers that we're giving to our customers to the numbers are not actually comparable in a very easy manner.  The second thing that you have to factor in, which is a little different I have to say than what we had in the past, is what we did on the cross border pricing increasing which you had in October of 2009 which really has two components to it. There is one component where it goes through the gross revenue line, the other component which goes now for the rebates and incentive line and you typically don't have that, Bob, so that's a new factor. But we designed that price increase in a particular way in order to encourage our customers for a certain behavior and the financial perspective came out to be that way. So that is a big component of the increase that you will see in 2010.
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with J.P. Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Thanks, good morning. I had a couple of questions first I guess on the rebates and incentives. I was kind of curious about — let me ask you this way. Is this level a new normal for the company, meaning should we expect this kind of growth trajectory beyond 2010 given your ambition to grow the business? And similarly should we change our thinking for longer-term revenue yield given what we're seeing in new bids?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Tien-Tsin it's Martina again. I guess I'm not doing such a great job on rebates and incentives, but let me — I mean when you look back, and look back all the way back to the 2006 financials, you actually had ups and downs in the rebates and incentives as a percentage of growth quite a bit. The real difference between 2009 and prior years in 2010 again is what we did on the cross border pricing. In addition to that, as we are now growing and expecting to grow again you would expect rebates and incentives to also grow in sync with gross revenue growth. And as we are going after a number of new agreements as well as some renewed agreements, that has a factor in it too.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Got it. I guess that makes sense. I was thinking about it beyond 2010, but it sounds like you're going to see a similar effect on net revenue.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah. What I would urge you is to really look overall at the net revenue line and one thing that I just want to remind everybody on, rebates and incentives are very lumpy. Quarter over quarter over quarter it's probably the hardest line for us to forecast as well as for you to forecast because it completely depends on when we sign a particular customer agreement.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Okay. So maybe I'll ask then, in general when you sign a new deal, what drives the accounting for the up-front rebates versus ongoing rebates? I believe it's different from Visa. I just thought it might make sense to understand that a little bit better here.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah. I mean every deal is a little bit different, but if we do, for instance, sign-on bonuses, what we do is we amortize the sign-on bonuses equally over the years of the agreement.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Over the years of the agreement, got it. I'll move off rebates and end with a quick one, just process transaction growth. That came in a touch below our estimate, but the revenues there were actually in line so it looks like the revenue per transaction picked up a bit sequentially. So my question is, is this level sustainable and is it indicative of the lower revenue yield of some of the lost business?
Martina Hund-Mejean: No, Tien-Tsin. There are a number of other things that are going around. When we actually look at the average ticket price per transaction it has not picked up in this point in time, but we had a number of other things in the transaction line that drive that growth and it's just the other normal items that we have like settlements, et cetera.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bruce Harting with Barclays Capital.
Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital: You said to be careful about how we treat severance in terms of thinking about the growth in your guidance on flat expenses. Can you just expand on that a little? Should we be basing our 20% EPS growth off the number as reported or add back the severance cost? And then also how do we think about the progression in terms of the flat expense with regard to severance? Thanks.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Good question, Bruce. The 20%-30% average annual net income growth should be calculated on the as reported numbers. In terms of severance, for the whole year of 2009 we had almost $140 million of severance, $139 million of severance in the numbers. Every year we had usually some small, very small amount of severance. We think the small amount of severance will continue, but at this point in time we believe that we are by and large done with any employee-related actions so we are not going to foresee a large severance charge at this point in time. Just in terms of to be helpful in terms of what could drop to the bottom line, it's about a 2-2.2 year payback of the program so of that $140 million or so that we spent you can assume that in 2010 about $70-$80 million will drop to the bottom line on the G&A side. Although as you heard in my comments we are reinvesting some of that money in specifically advertising and marketing as we said that would go up in the mid-single digit rate. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of help on your model.
Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital: Thanks. And then just a quick follow, my memory is that you said something about 200 basis points in 2010 prior guidance for pricing increase, is that still? I didn't hear that mentioned today.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah. What I actually said here as part of our 2010 assumptions is that we still expect some benefit from pricing, albeit at a lower rate than what we had in 2009.
Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Bourgeois with Sanford Bernstein.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford Bernstein: Great. I was wondering if you could give us some updated trends maybe for the month of January. We know at Visa, US credit volume growth turned positive in the month of December and in January and I was wondering if you could comment on whether MasterCard is experiencing similar trends on the US credit front and possibly even on the cross-border front as things seem to be improving into the month of January.
Robert W. Selander: Well, I think I made a couple of observations on that in my overview, Rod, in terms of our cross border volumes continuing to improve across all regions during the month of January. They were better than what we saw in the fourth quarter which was low single-digit growth. Once again I think regionally there are going to be some variations on that. Asia-Pacific is very strong. They continue to grow on a sequential basis. From the standpoint of the US, cross-border volumes have improved from what were low single-digit declines and they are now trending slightly positive. If you look at processed volumes which are a pretty good indicator, but they're not a perfect indicator of what the eventual gross dollar volume numbers will be that we report, process volume growth has continued in the US in the low-single digit rates and that's a blend of both credit and debit. I don't have the credit breakout. I don't know, Martina, do you have a sense of what credit debit is?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah. The credit is still in the low-single digit decline at this point in time and credit is still as healthy as it was before.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. And guys, just as followup, when you look at your major priorities for investment in 2010, should we be expecting your disproportion investment priorities in the areas of new customers wins maybe following on the SunTrust deal or possibly some priority investments in the area of sort of new product categories?
Robert W. Selander: I think you're going to find a little bit of all of the above. If you think about it we've got a great global presence that we're operating with and there are clearly some of our customers and consumers in various markets in the world who are more healthy and more aggressive in terms of investing in their payments business and so we're trying to be there with them as that happens. What we did this past year in realigning resources, and that manifested itself in terms of some of the severance and other charges we took that realignment process was to position ourselves to take advantage of what our customers were going to start doing or had begun doing in the course of last year and that varies by geography and product.  We have a regional amount of energy going into Asia-Pacific and Latin America. From a product sense, the affluent, the prepaid, and the debt, I've already shared some of the highlights and things we're seeing happening in the prepaid and debit marketplace in the first month of 2010. So we think there's plenty of opportunities out there. At the end of the day, globally with the size and importance of both the US and Western Europe we need those economies and those consumers to start getting better. And while we see early positive signs we think we still have a ways to go.
Rod Bourgeois - Sanford Bernstein: That's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Moshe Katri with Cowen & Co.
Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co.: Yeah, thanks. You've had a decent acceleration in year-over-year growth rates in all of your metrics whether it's GDV, purchase volume, cross border, et cetera. Do you see anything out there that will slow down this trend or these trends as we go along throughout the year? And then as a followup, can you comment on some of the trends you're seeing in credit, specifically in North America? Thanks.
Robert W. Selander: Boy, let your imagination run wild in terms of the things that could adversely impact us. I think it's been, for most businesses, a very challenging 18 months. And while I think we've come through this one in a stronger position to capitalize on opportunities as they present themselves with our customers and in markets around the world, it also has made us acutely aware of how flexible and adaptable we have to be as the environmental conditions throw potential challenges our way. As I said we're viewing the first half of the year as challenging and that makes us a little conservative I hope, or a little cautious, versus what the reality will be. Then as I expect the world and at least the consensus of economists I follow, expect the world and the US and Europe to get healthier in the second half, and that would for me mean improving employment statistics, improving consumer confident statistics, and those are necessary for us to start to see the consumer reengage actively in the economy and that's really what we're all looking forward to.
Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co.: Any color on credit trends in North America?
Robert W. Selander: The color commentary you just heard from Martina when we look at January's performance and compare it with the fourth quarter. We continue to see year-over-year declines in credit and charge volume in the low single digit range. Now that's significantly improved, but as you go back to the second quarter say of last year, we were seeing 15% order of magnitude year-over-year declines in our credit volumes. Now, through this whole time debit has performed well and we see that continuing in January as well.
Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co.: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Frisch with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Frisch - Morgan Stanley: Thanks, good morning. Real fast on the rebates and incentive, I think we've kind of gone through that a lot, but just to clarify what's going on here, are you prepared to offset the increase in rebates incentives with cost management to preserve the 3%+ margin increase objective in the year?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Adam, obviously there are a lot of things that go in a P&L of a company, but net-net, what we said in the end we will be, or will be expecting at least to 2010 the 3-5 percentage point improvement in operating margin.
Adam Frisch - Morgan Stanley: Okay great, just wanted to clarify that. And then you an Bob spoke to a bunch of different initiatives whether it be in emerging markets around the globe or prepaid and debit and all that kind of stuff. There are a lot of things that were thrown out here. If you could just clarify for us in terms of what are your top priorities right now in terms of spend? Maybe rank the top three or four or five or something just to give us an idea in terms of how you're allocating resources, that would be helpful.
Robert W. Selander: Yeah. As we went through our budget process we really went down to a local market level to an extent that we hadn't in several years and that's because of the fairly significant divergence among various markets around the world both from the standpoint of the health of the financial institution and the health of the consumer and the economy, but also from the perspective of differing challenges in those markets with regard to the evolution of the structure of their payment system.  Let me be specific you still have a lot of ATM transactions in a market like Japan relative to the POS number of transactions that you would expect to see in a more developed market. And so as we went through our planning process, we became very market focused and those initiatives that we felt would produce the best value for the company, and you will have to go market by market to answer that question. That is not something I am in a position to do today.  The three or four themes that emerged are the ones that I have already mentioned. We have got a lot of focus on the debit prepaid space around the world. The more affluent consumer has performed better, has gotten through this difficult time better, and has an increasing focus of the financial institutions we do business with, and as I already mentioned, our focus on making investments in some of the emerging markets, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and so forth, continues to have a high priority for the company as those are the places where we see greater growth opportunity for the near to midterm future. 
Adam Frisch - Morgan Stanley: Any clarity in terms of the emerging markets, and obviously the Asia-Pac and Latin have a lot of different submarkets, but are there specific countries or regions that you are focused on in those areas?
Robert W. Selander: Well, I gave you a couple of examples of some programs we have announced. Brazil is a very exciting market for us. We have a great presence there, and we think we have great growth opportunities. That is one of the ones in Latin America. We believe that several in Asia are significant opportunities for us. India would be an example. Clearly Japan is a great growth opportunity. Australia — we are doing very well there. The economies tend to be better in that part of the world so there is a greater mix of opportunity right now probably in Asia than any other place in the world. 
Adam Frisch - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you.
Barbara Gasper: Operator, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Excellent. Your last question comes from the line of James Kissane with Bank of America. 
James Kissane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks, Barbara. Martina, could you clarify when you say that pricing added 5%. Is that a gross number or is that on a net basis, and has the definition changed as a result of —
Martina Hund-Mejean : Just to remind everybody, what we do when we announce a pricing change is, is the change that we have in this price is less any particular related waivers or rebates, so it is the net number from that point of view, and what we have done for that 5% in this particular quarter, in particular on the cross border pricing is that we took the gross revenues and we deducted from it what we gave back in rebates, which I said is pretty much most of it. Okay? So you can count on that this is still the same kind of sensitivity as, you know, the same kind of calculation as we have done before. 
James Kissane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, so if you look at the pricing on a gross basis where do you think it would be?
Martina Hund-Mejean : You know, Jim, we don’t give that kind of number. I don’t think it is even relevant, you know, at this point in time. 
James Kissane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Well then, I guess, just philosophically how you think about rebates and incentives? I think Bob called it investment. Should we not think of it more as pricing actions?
Martina Hund-Mejean : Other than, let me just tell you, the crux (ph) as I said before on the cross border pricing that was a very particularly designed pricing to encourage customers for certain behaviors. If the customers do the certain behaviors that we encouraged them to do, they will get a rebate. We have not designed price increases like this before. So this is an extraordinary way of how we designed it and that is what you are seeing in addition to the normal development on the rebates and incentive line. We have not changed our thinking on the rest of the rebates and incentives. It truly goes with where the business goes, i.e. when you have increased gross revenues, you typically see an in line increase with rebates and incentives, and then in addition to that, when we sign new or renew agreements, you might see some variations in the line. 
James Kissane - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Got you. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes the Q and A portion of the call. I will turn the call back over to Bob Selander for closing remarks. 
Robert W. Selander: Well, thanks again for joining us today. We are very pleased with our strong fourth quarter and full year results, particularly since we deliver those results in what has been the most challenging business and economic environment we have faced, certainly since I have been at MasterCard and perhaps in the company’s 44 year history.  Fortunately, when we headed into the economic crisis at the end of 2008, we did so as a strong company. Our business model, good capital structure, and sound management practices allowed us to remain flexible and adaptable as we weathered the storm. Now, some 18 months later, I believe we have emerged even stronger.  We have made investments that laid the groundwork for future growth, we have sharpened our focus on local market opportunities, and we have achieved efficiencies that allow us to benefit from a higher operating margin. As the global economy rebounds, we remain optimistic that our efforts of the last year and a half will pay dividends and prove their value in the future. So thanks again for your time today. Have a good one.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes our presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Gasper - Investor Relations Robert W. Selander - Chief Executive Officer, Director Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs  Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Craig Maurer - CLSA Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co.  Timothy Willi - Wells Fargo Securities David Parker - Lazard Capital Markets  Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse  Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital  Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods Christopher Mammone - Deutsche Bank  
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the third quarter 2009 MasterCard earnings conference call. My name is Latasha and I will be your coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Barbara Gasper, Group Executive, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Latasha and good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining us today, either by phone or webcast, for a discussion of our third quarter 2009 financial results. With me on the call this morning are Bob Selander, Chief Executive Officer; Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer; and Melissa Ballenger, our Corporate Controller. Following comments from Bob and Martina highlighting some key points about the quarter, we will open up the call for your questions. This morning’s earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, mastercard.com. The earnings release and slide deck have also -- have been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one week until November 11th. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today’s earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today’s call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard’s future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our recent SEC filings. With that, I will now to turn the call over to Bob Selander. Bob.  
Robert W. Selander: Thanks, Barbara and good morning, everyone. Despite the ongoing economic challenges, I am very pleased with our ability to deliver another quarter of strong financial performance. We saw net revenue growth of 2% on an as-reported basis and on a constant currency basis, net revenue growth was 3.9%.  We’ve continued to follow an aggressive and thoughtful approach to cost management, along with a somewhat slower-than-anticipated redeployment of marketing funds, resulting in total operating expenses declining approximately 13% this quarter excluding the impact of litigation settlements. This has allowed us to deliver an 8.8 percentage point operating margin improvement over the same quarter last year despite slower top line growth. I am equally pleased that net income grew 41.6% on the same adjusted basis.  The economic downturn has continued to affect consumer and business spending during the quarter. In addition to this weak spending, our volumes over the past few quarters have been impacted by several headwinds versus last year, such as foreign exchange rates, gas prices, and slower cross-border travel. Like many other companies, we’ve had our fair share of challenges in the current business climate and we have continued to cut back where we can. However, our priority remains on utilizing our people and resources to develop our best opportunities, making sure we are appropriately investing for the future growth of our franchise.  We continue to benefit from the secular shift from cash and check as evidenced by our processed transactions, which grew at a high single digit rate during the quarter on a worldwide basis. We’ve also seen double-digit process transaction growth coming from our Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Africa and Latin America regions during the quarter. Overall, our results once again underscore the global trend toward electronic payments and the strength our business model affords us, even in this environment.  MasterCard continues to make life easier for consumers, businesses, and governments alike, all of whom are seeking safer, more controllable, and more efficient payment alternatives for everyday commerce.  Turning now to our thoughts on the economy and the state of business around the world, our assumptions remain unchanged and we don’t expect any global economic improvements until some time in 2010. However, in a report published in October, the international monetary fund believes there are some early positive signs. The IMF report said that following the deep global recession, economic growth has turned positive, largely as a result of wide-ranging public intervention activities that have supported demand and lowered uncertainty and systemic risk across the financial markets. While the recovery is expected to be slow as support from public policies gradually unwinds, the IMF believes the shape of the recovery will vary. Economies that suffered financial crises are likely to experience weaker recovery than those affected mainly by the collapse in global demand. Advanced economies like the U.S., U.K. and Western Europe, are projected to expand sluggishly through much of 2010 with unemployment continuing to rise until later in the year. The IMF projects that advanced economies will grow 1.3% in 2010, better than the decline of 3.4% they are forecasting for this year.  Emerging and developing economies are generally further ahead on the road to recovery, led by a resurgence in Asia, primarily in China and India. Overall, economies in this category are projected to grow from a rate of 1.7% in 2009 to 5.1% in 2010.  Other emerging economies are staging modest recoveries, supported by policy stimulus and improving global trade and financial conditions.  We continue to have concerns about the health of the consumer as reflected in spending trends. There are several indicators we monitor to keep track of this -- namely the rate of unemployment, the stabilization of housing prices, the rate of savings and various indices of consumer confidence across our key markets.  In summary, I believe the worst is behind us and there are certainly some encouraging signs in the recent economic data.  Turning to the latest MasterCard spending pulse data for the U.S. retail sector for the month of September, the results indicate an improvement over August, signaling the potential for a stabilizing environment for the remainder of the year. Retail sales excluding autos declined 2.1% versus September last year. When excluding both autos and gas, retail sales actually rebounded, growing 2.1%. This is a positive sign considering the average of the prior three months, June through August, declined 2.4% on a year-over-year basis. This is the strongest pace of growth for retail sales excluding autos and gas since July of last year.  The trend is generally improving with more sectors showing year-over-year growth for the month of September than are showing declines. Some of these growing sectors include e-commerce, luxury, electronics, and airlines. While the year-over-year U.S. growth statistics are improving, the country is still in a stable spending environment rather than rebounding into a strong expansion. In fact, despite September’s growth in many of the sectors, some are still well below the highs of 2006 and 2007 from an overall dollar perspective.  For example, sales and luxury goods showed signs of improvement this September as the sector comparables begin to reflect the spending freeze that began in the last two weeks of September 2008. But this sector has been one of the hardest hit during the downturn as consumers stop making discretionary purchases.  When we look at our MasterCard process volumes and transactions through October 28th, it shows the following -- our cross-border volumes continued to stabilize across all regions. The rate of growth on a worldwide basis turned positive in low-single-digits, which was better than the decline of 0.3% we saw for the third quarter. The Asia-Pacific region continues to demonstrate significant growth on a sequential basis and the U.S. rate of decline has decreased to low single digits. While not a perfect proxy for gross dollar volume, U.S. processed volume growth has turned slightly positive through the first four weeks of October relative to the low-single-digit decline we saw in the third quarter, which also signals potential signs of stabilization. Process volumes for the rest of the world also improved relative to the third quarter.  Processed transactions continue to grow in the 8% range, similar to the second and third quarters of 2009.  I will now turn the call over to Martina for a detailed update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks, Bob and good morning, everyone. Let me begin on page three of the deck where we are focused on the non-GAAP column which excludes all special items. As Bob said, we are pleased to have delivered another strong quarter of financial results. Third quarter net revenue grew 2% to $1.4 billion over the comparable period last year. Net revenue grew 3.9% for the quarter on a constant currency basis. This revenue increase was primarily driven by pricing changes of approximately 6 percentage points and a 7.6% increase in the number of processed transactions. These factors were partially offset by the impact of slightly lower cross-border volumes in local currency terms, which translated to a 6.4% decline on a U.S. dollar basis.  We have continued to effectively manage our total operating expenses, which decreased 13.3% for the quarter. Foreign exchange contributed 1.3 percentage points to the decline. As a result, our operating income was $680 million for the quarter and we delivered a quarterly operating margin of 49.8%. This represents an 8.8 percentage point improvement over last year’s third quarter.  MasterCard's effective tax rate was 32.9% in the third quarter of 2009, both excluding and including special items, primarily reflecting adjustments to our effective tax rate as a result of a settlement with the IRS over prior tax years.  On the bottom line, we delivered net income of $456 million, or $3.48 per diluted share.  Turning to page four, during the third quarter our business continued to generate healthy transactions and good volumes on a local currency basis. Clearly the secular shift from cash to electronic payment forms continues to provide significant growth opportunities.  Worldwide gross dollar volume, or GDV, was relatively flat at 0.3% on a local currency basis in the third quarter and declined 4.7% on a U.S. dollar converted basis to $633 billion. As with the last few quarters, the deceleration in the overall local currency growth rates can be attributed to the U.S., where GDV growth decline 8% due to a double-digit decline in credit volume.  Across the rest of the world, GDV continued to grow by 6.3% on a local currency basis or a decline of 2.4% on a U.S. dollar basis. The spread between local currency growth and U.S. dollar growth is smaller than the last three quarters, primarily due to the weakening U.S. dollar against other currencies during the third quarter.  Worldwide debt GDV grew 15.2% for the quarter on a local currency basis. This compares to about 19.2% growth in the third quarter of last year and it is the highest quarterly growth rate this year.  In the U.S., debt GDV volume grew 7.2%. Debit growth for the rest of the world was almost 26.5%, primarily driven once again by several countries in our Asia-Pacific Middle East Africa region due to market growth and customer wins.  On a local currency basis, worldwide purchase volume was also relatively flat at 0.4%. Similar to the GDV trend, U.S. purchase volume declined 6.5% for the quarter, driven by a decline in credit volumes. The decline in gas prices on a year-over-year basis accounted for approximately 30% of the decline in U.S. purchase volume.  For the quarter, cross border volume growth on a local currency basis was about flat, down 0.3%, and declined 6.4% on a U.S. dollar converted basis. We have seen positive signs of stabilization in the third quarter versus the second quarter, partially from an increase in Americans traveling abroad as well as home cross border spending from Asia.  When we look at process transactions in the third quarter, they increased 7.6% compared with the year-ago quarter to $5.8 billion.  In Asia-Pacific Middle East Africa and the Latin American and Caribbean regions, processed transactions grew at double-digit rates while all other regions grew at a mid to high single digit rate on a year-over-year basis. We have also begun to see some impact on our processed transactions in the U.K. due to a Maestro portfolio loss that we discussed last year.  The number of MasterCard branded cards worldwide remained flat at 964 million in the quarter and excluding the U.S., the rest of the world card issuance grew 8.5%. As of September 30, 2009, there were approximately 1.6 billion MasterCard and Maestro branded cards issued.  Now let’s turn to page five -- as I mentioned earlier, net revenue grew 2% on an as-reported basis and on a constant currency basis, net revenue grew 3.9% for the third quarter. Domestic segments decreased 1.3% from the prior year, primarily due to the impact of converting local currency volume to the strengthening functional currencies which are then used to calculate revenues.  While GDV growth was slightly positive on a local currency basis, it declined 4.7% on a U.S. dollar basis compared to the prior year’s period. The remainder of the European pricing introduced in October 2008 that was not repealed in July of this year contributed to offsetting the decrease.  Cross-border volume fees decreased by 9.6% versus Q3 of ’08 primarily due to lower cross border volumes and the translation effect of local currency volumes to U.S. dollars. Our cross-border volumes decreased slightly on a local currency basis. They declined 6.4% on a U.S. dollar basis.  Transaction processing fees increased 16.4% compared to the prior period, primarily due to pricing changes introduced in the U.S. in April this year which accounted for 11 percentage points of the increase. Growth in processed transactions accounted for most of the remaining increase.  Other revenues decreased 1% on an as-reported basis but grew 0.4% on a constant currency basis.  Rebates and incentives were largely flat versus the same period last year. The impact of lower volumes on rebates was offset by incremental rebates and incentives for new and renewed agreements.  Now we will turn to page six for some detail on expenses. As part of our cost containment efforts and reallocation of investments, we continued to execute on the number of expense management initiatives. Excluding special items, total operating expenses decreased 13.3% during the third quarter. Currency fluctuations of 1.3 percentage points contributed to the decline. Without the impact of severance in both this quarter and the year-ago quarter, total operating expenses declined 17.1%.  The decrease was mainly driven by the following -- general and administrative expenses decreased 7.9% with currency fluctuations essentially accounting for 1.1 percentage points of the decline. Looking at the categories within general and administrative expenses, professional fees declined by 37.3% or $22 million during the quarter, primarily due to a reduction in legal costs and consulting expenses. Travel expenses decreased approximately 50% or $10 million on a year-over-year basis as a result of continuing cost reduction initiatives.  The decrease in G&A was partially offset by personnel costs for the quarter, which increased 4.9% due to the $31 million severance charge. This charge reflects the $0.15 impact on our reported diluted EPS for the third quarter of 2009. Excluding severance charges, personnel costs declined 4.3% versus the same period in 2008.  Advertising and marketing spend decreased by 29.4% versus the year-ago period. The total amount spent was lower than what we had expected, primarily due to the slower redeployment of funds to growth markets and certain other initiatives in support of fourth quarter campaigns. Foreign currency fluctuations accounted for 1.5 percentage points of the decline.  Moving to the cash flow statement and balance sheet highlights on page five, we generated $316 million in cash from operations and ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents, and current investments of $2.9 billion. At the end of the quarter, we made a prepayment at a discounted amount of $335 million for our remaining obligation under the 2003 U.S. Merchant Lawsuit settlement. This completes our financial obligations under this settlement. As a result, we saw a $0.07 positive impact to EPS in the third quarter due to the gain realized on the obligation. We anticipate there will be an additional $0.03 positive impact on our fourth quarter EPS as we will no longer have to record interest accretion for this settlement. As we have share with you before, we believe this prepayment is an effective use of our cash.  For flexibility and capital structure planning purposes, we intend to file a universal shelf registration statement in the next few days. Having the universal shelf will facilitate an additional avenue for the company to have access to capital if necessary. We are doing this to ensure we are adequately prepared at any given time but we have no present intention to issue securities using the shelf.  Now let me share some thoughts with you for our fourth quarter. As we have mentioned before, we expect to fall below our long-term minimum average annual net revenue growth objective of 12% on a constant currency basis for 2009. With respect to contra revenue, keep in mind that it is generally higher in the fourth quarter due to seasonality. Specifically for the fourth quarter of 2009, we expect our rebates and incentives line to be significantly higher versus the fourth quarter of last year due to new and renewed customer agreements, as well as rebates relating to recently implemented pricing initiatives.  Because of our heightened focus on managing expenses, we continue to expect full-year 2009 total operating expenses to be down on a year-over-year basis, including the impact of all severance charges.  With respect to severance, based on new actions that were recently identified, we now expect to incur additional severance charges in the fourth quarter. It is too early to size these charges now as it is partially dependent on the take-up rate for voluntary programs which we just announced internally to our U.S. based employees.  For advertising and marketing spending, our thoughts remain unchanged -- that fiscal year 2009 will be lower than fiscal year 2008 on both an as-reported and constant currency basis and that spending in the second half of 2009 will be significantly higher than the first half of the year.  As I said earlier, the lower-than-expected third quarter advertising and marketing spend was primarily due to the slower redeployment of funds to growth markets and certain other initiatives which has been shifted to support fourth quarter campaigns. As a result, we now expect the fourth quarter advertising and marketing spend to be about 20% higher than our fourth quarter spend last year.  We now expect our full year 2009 tax rate to be approximately 34%. Since our year-to-date tax rate at 33.6% is lower than this, keep in mind that our fourth quarter rate would have to be higher than the previous quarters.  Based on these assumptions, we anticipate that we would be able to achieve at least 20% net income growth for 2009 excluding any impact of severance charges.  Let me now turn the call back to Bob to cover some recent business highlights. Bob. 
Robert W. Selander: Before moving into the Q&A session, I would like to share with you some of our recent business successes and developments from around the world.  We are very pleased to report that last month, we renewed and extended our agreement for all of our issuing business with one of our largest customers, Banc of America. We look forward to working with Banc of America to grow our mutual businesses and to reinforce our already strong relationship.  In the U.K., we launched a co-brand card program with Banc of America and Amazon. This innovative new card which targets the e-commerce space allows customers to apply and make purchases online immediately after their application has been approved.  In the U.S., we signed a long-term extension of our agreement with Continental Airlines related to the U.S. issuance of both credit and debit co-brand cards offered primarily by Chase. We are excited to continue this program which strongly appeals to affluent cardholders as they can leverage our global acceptance for international travel.  I am also pleased to announce that USAA will be implementing our MasterCard integrated processing solutions, our world-class debit and prepaid processing platform. USAA will employ the full capabilities of the platform’s network and issuer processing services to support signature debit, pin debt, and ATM transactions.  Turning to some other results within our core debit and prepaid areas in the United States, we have renewed and extended our agreement with one of our largest debit issues, People’s United Bank. Both our consumer and small business debit is included within the scope of this agreement. We look forward to a continued strong relationship with People’s United.  [Fifth Third Bank] is now issuing world debit MasterCard cards which is the only premium debit product in the United States that gives mass affluent consumers access to enhanced rewards, unique offers, and savings opportunities. Fifth Third is the second issuer to launch world debit MasterCard since we launched this platform in the spring.  Underscoring our strength in prepaid, in September MasterCard, Walmart, and First Data launched a new payroll card program for Walmart and Sam’s Clubs employees in the United States. Electronic payroll program will include the deployment of the money network MasterCard pay card and electronic pay stubs, which will cut down on paper consumption and provide associates easier access to their wages. According to McCader Group, this represents the largest U.S. payroll card implementation.  Additionally, I am pleased to announce an agreement with Univision Communications, the nation’s leading Spanish language media company, to introduce prepaid programs that are being developed to provide U.S. Hispanic consumers with access to valuable financial tools. The prepaid programs will be available nationally in 2010. Finally, I would like to recognize some key developments related to our in-control platform and our latest activities in the mobile space.  Citi has become the first customer to implement the in-control purchase control application globally with local currency issuance and settlements in nearly 50 countries. Citi is leveraging the in-control purchase control capabilities to deliver limited use account numbers with enhanced controls and increased transaction security.  In India, we launched one of the world’s largest near field communications pilots with MasterCard PayPass embedded in the mobile handset. The mobile payments pilot was launched in Bangalore in collaboration with Citibank, Nokia, and Vodafone.  Overall, we had a solid quarter of business momentum and results and look forward to continue working with our customer financial institutions and merchant partners around the world on many other exciting opportunities that will make every day commerce easier and more efficient for everyone involved.  I will now turn the call back over to Barbara so we can begin taking your questions. 
Barbara Gasper: We are now ready to begin the question-and-answer period. In order to get to as many people as possible in our allotted timeframe, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question with one follow-up and then queue back in for additional questions. Latasha, can we start the Q&A please?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros with Goldman Sachs.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: I guess just let me start off real quickly with the severance charges, some new severance charges into the fourth quarter. Any thoughts, Martina, around severance into 2010?
Martina Hund-Mejean: You know, obviously as you know, we have been now taking severance charges every quarter and we really are trying to make sure that we get all of the actions that we need to take into this year and that is why we are finishing off in the fourth quarter. You know, with this kind of environment, you never know what could happen in the future but we are really trying to take the opportunity at this point in time to do the right decisions from an efficiency point of view as well as from a reallocation of investment point of view, so it should be substantially done. 
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Donald Fandetti with Citigroup.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup: Good morning. Just a quick question, and I was wondering if you could comment on your expectation for price increases. I know Visa is expecting to be a little bit higher than normal in ‘010. Just let me get your thoughts there. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: We’ve been stating this pretty steady for the entire year, as well as from our long-term performance objective point of view that we do believe that every year we will be targeting price increases in the neighborhood of 200 basis points. I don’t think at this point in time we are prepared to say anything differently. 
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Craig Maurer with CLSA. 
Craig Maurer - CLSA: Bob, I was hoping you could provide some commentary on what you see in the advertising environment as the spend was quite a bit lower than what I was looking for in the quarter. Thanks. 
Robert W. Selander: I don’t think there’s any startling thing here. We had indicated that we wouldn’t be spending a lot more in the second half of the year during our second quarter conference call. From the standpoint of the allocation and timing of the spending, what cost us a little bit by surprise was the rate in the third quarter and we fully expect to spend what we had anticipated would happen in the third and fourth, in combination of course the two -- across the two quarters, which is why Martina in order to help provide you with a little more specificity, indicated that we are anticipating the fourth quarter will be approximately 20% above what we saw last year.  As economies around the world are beginning to show some positive signs, we are trying to step in and take advantage of some of those opportunities and it clearly varies from one part of the world to another but as we move into what is a larger seasonally spending season, we are trying to make sure we are well-positioned and working with our customers and supporting our brand and in various promotions built around various sponsorship and other activities to lever what we see as a beginning to improve global economy. 
Craig Maurer - CLSA: When you say you were surprised by the rate, you mean the rate of MasterCard’s spending or the rates that you were seeing on a spot basis?
Robert W. Selander: Well, let me put it this way -- spot advertising rates are very -- again, some are up in some markets, others are down in other markets from one part of the world. What we are seeing I think is that that is beginning to recover as others also begin to step up. But my reference to that I think was specific to MasterCard in the context of your question, Craig. 
Craig Maurer - CLSA: Okay. Thanks, Bob. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Moshe Katri with Cowen & Co. 
Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co. : How should we think about top line growth for 2010, kind of factoring some of the recent trends related to credit and debit? And then, assuming that we are headed to a very gradual recovery in consumer spending in 2010, will MasterCard have to increase sales and marketing expenses? And in this context, maybe you can comment on your current priorities in sales and marketing and will these priorities have to actually get modified next year? Thanks. 
Robert W. Selander: Well, Moshe, we’re in the midst of working our way through the budget process at this point in time. I guess from a good news perspective, when we were working our way through this last year, every week we were realigning our assumptions to the downside as we saw the fourth quarter deteriorate quite rapidly -- in fact, late third quarter of last year. So it’s a little bit premature to begin to comment. Clearly we feel better about the environment now. We are beginning to see some of those positive trends that we have already mentioned to you. To the extent that we are underestimating the rate of economic recovery, I would view that as wonderful news but as I indicated in my earlier comments, we are still expecting it to be a less robust recovery than we might like and we are managing our business that way. 
Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co. : And how should we think about top line growth? That’s my first question, about top line growth for 2010, kind of factoring some of the recent trends that we have seen in credit and debit?
Robert W. Selander: At this point in time, the best we can say to you is that over the three year period, we’ve already indicated that there is not an ability to deliver that 12% in 2009 and we don’t believe we’ll be able to get to an average of 12% over the three-year period of ’09, ’10, and ’11. You can do the math as well as I can. Getting to that level would require quite significant growth rates in 2010 and ’11, which we don’t envision at this point in time. 
Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co. : Thanks for the color. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Willi with Wells Fargo.
Timothy Willi - Wells Fargo Securities: My first question is around U.S. debit -- if I’ve got my numbers correctly, transaction volume there showed nice pick-up relative to the prior third quarters and year over year we are still going up against a pretty decent comp. I was just curious -- was there anything within particular customers, your larger ones or something you saw that really resulted in that pick-up in the purchase transactions to about a 15% growth rate, whereas before it had been sort of in that 9 to 10?
Martina Hund-Mejean: No, I think we are seeing this really across the board in terms of the pick-up on the U.S. debit growth rates, so I don’t think that we can point to any specific customer or issuance. 
Timothy Willi - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, and then my second question and last one was around just on the topic of marketing -- to what degree have -- you know, you talked about redeployment of dollars. I’m just trying to get a feel for to what degree that redeployment in spending is driven by customers and how they are communicating to you their intent to do marketing and programming and the support that you give them and as you think about even into ‘010 to what degree your marketing dollars might be dictated by larger customers trying to get more aggressive with their growth programs versus ’09 -- just any color you would have around that dynamic. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Generally only a small slice of our total advertising and marketing spend is specifically done in connection with customer programs. Having said that, obviously we do know what our customers are planning to do from a program point of view and from a country point of view going forward and we try to line up our spend, especially our media spend, in order to be focused on those kinds of areas.  I’m not going to tell you that there is a specific tie to it. I think a lot of our spend can be spent the way that MasterCard believes that it can encourage our customers to have really good business going forward.  The one thing that we are very focused on not only here for the second half of 2009 but also for as we are walking through the budget process for 2010 in terms of what we are really doing for our growth markets and how we are changing some of the make-up in terms of where we are spending our marketing between the more mature markets and the more growth markets and we obviously hear a lot from our customers in order to make sure that we align appropriately. 
Timothy Willi - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of David Parker with Lazard Capital Markets.
David Parker - Lazard Capital Markets: Could you just provide a little bit more color around that previous question, just specifically on the marketing split between the mature markets as well as the high growth markets? You mentioned that going forward, you are going to be spending more in those high growth areas but for the first three quarters, have you been spending less in the emerging markets or is it more on the developed markets that you have been spending less on?
Robert W. Selander: As you can see, David, in the first three quarters of the year, our global marketing, advertising and marketing spend is down approximately 30% over the 2008 or below the 2008 levels. We’ve clearly reallocated funds into areas that are opportunities for us. That could happen with a particular customer or program in a given market that may not be doing as well economically as another market, so it’s hard to parse these things and obviously since we don’t share geographic specific advertising and marketing spending, although you can get media, measured media reports in various parts of the world, you can I think assume that over time more of our marketing spend will go to growth opportunities than to those areas that are struggling and that can be true with any market which doesn’t look like it has underlying robust economic growth or more logically in those areas where we see more rapid growth, emerging and developing markets specifically. 
David Parker - Lazard Capital Markets: Great, thank you. And then just on the USAA win, can you talk about when you expect them to migrate over to your platform and how many cards do you expect them to represent? Thank you. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Typically we do not give out those kinds of details. When we have some impact on the financial statements, that is typically when we say what is happening from a customer implementation point of view. As you can appreciate, that is a big rollout. It’s a big migration onto our world-class debit platform so you can appreciate that it will take a little bit of time to accomplish this. 
David Parker - Lazard Capital Markets: Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Brendler with Stifel Nicolaus.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus: You noted in the discussion that the rebates were a little higher as some volume benefit was offset by I guess the contract renewals. Can you just give us a little bit of color on where do you see that line going in 2010? Obviously it is going to depend on volume but I guess my question is do you expect the rebates to increase next year as you see the slow economic recovery? 
Martina Hund-Mejean: I think you need to let us finish out our year here, as well as get us through the budget season. The only comment that we are really prepared to make is for the fourth quarter, where we do believe and you heard Bob talk about all the new and renewed agreements where we do believe that there will be a significant increase from a contract point of view. But it’s too early yet for us to be talking about 2010.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus: Maybe asked a different way -- if you do see spending rebound, does that line necessarily need to come back up?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Chris, typically yes because as volume increases, our customers will be able to get into different tiers from a rebate point of view and of course you should be seeing that line going up and that is good news, as you have the growth revenues go up, we want the contract to go up and obviously your bottom net revenues will go up too. 
Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Different question -- on the October trends you cited, and particularly cross-border, are we seeing any real improvement in the October trends or just the easy comparisons from a year ago in your opinion?
Martina Hund-Mejean: You know, we have seen -- I mean, every month that we can look at in the third quarter, you have seen an improvement on the cross-border side, as well as it had really gone into every quarter, every week of October so we are seeing I would say a stabilization. We have to acknowledge it was a pretty easy compare versus the fourth quarter of last year but we are seeing a pretty good stabilization and an improvement in the numbers pretty much every week for the last little while. 
Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse : My questions have been asked and answered. Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Perlin with RBC Capital Markets. 
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital: I was wondering if you could comment on how you think about the inter-relationship between your incentive fees and your marketing spend. With marketing being down 33% year-to-date and incentives being basically flat, I am wondering if you shifting some of those dollars out of marketing and better utilizing them in tying up some of these contracts on the incentive line. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Dan, no, I cannot report that we had a significant shift there at all. As you know, in a number of our large customer business agreements, we have a number of different incentive line items and one of them could be that we are supporting a certain marketing program for our customers and that has been -- the new agreements and with the renewed agreements the same way, or has been done the same way as we have done it in the past. We don’t have a significant shift from one line item to the other. 
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital: So you don’t have a lot of I guess control over really that incentive line incrementally when you don’t -- when you can kind of throttle back on your advertising? I know a lot of it is all pre-contractual but I thought that you might have more control over that now. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Dan, even -- for all of the customer business agreements where we have these kinds of incentives negotiated, there are certain programs that the customers are doing where we are fully aligned between MasterCard and the customer. I would say that there is quite a bit of control over how those programs are being done and how they are being spent and when they are being spent -- a good alignment between our customers and our results. 
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital: Okay, and then my last question is acquisition opportunities as you guys look around the world, what markets do you think you see out there that you need to be in that you maybe aren’t, and if you did an acquisition it would help you drive the category more broadly? Thanks and I’ll jump off. 
Robert W. Selander: I wouldn’t want to pick a specific geography. Let me just make a couple of observations though. First of all, as you know we have been looking at ways to enhance our presence in the processing arena, bringing up our platform, for example, that I mentioned, our IPS platform to support debit as well as prepaid with a broader array of functionality as one of the things that we’ve been investing in now for a couple of years and obviously in the case of the USAA transaction, that’s an important process that we are going through in terms of getting them on that platform.  When I think about other places where we don’t have the processing presence, we do virtually all the domestic processing in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Australia and Brazil, although there are clearly additional opportunities to broaden our offering in those markets. In most of the rest of the world, we don’t have that significant a presence. So you’ve seen some of our activities over the last several years. In ’08, we purchased what was called at that time EuroPay France. Earlier this year we increased our ownership in SPS, a processing company down in Australia where we are now -- I believe it is about a 70% owner of that company. So we continue to opportunistically look at these types of areas.  I would also indicate that in the innovation area, we are increasingly seeing companies that have come up with great ideas that we are working with day to day and we may take a small position with them from an equity standpoint in order to help support their development. One company that we though was particularly attractive was Orviscom that we acquired I guess it was in December of last year, the Irish company which has the in-control platform that we are actively marketing around the world now.  All of these opportunities go through the basic screening of do they fit with our strategy, do they make sense financially, do they have the management if we don’t have the knowledge and capabilities if running them, and can we integrate them? And that is sort of the pattern we’ve been using and clearly with our balance sheet and capital position we think we have the flexibility when we see opportunities to move on them. 
Daniel Perlin - RBC Capital: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with J.P. Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: I just wanted to ask about the shelf, I guess the timing and the intentions of the shelf. I guess the question is, is it signaling something on the litigation front or acquisitions or perhaps providing liquidity some of your bank owners. So maybe if you can elaborate on that, that would be helpful. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks for asking that but I just want to lay any fears here -- there is no particular motive to having this at this point in time. We have actually worked on this for the better part of this year and we just wanted to be sure that both S&P and Moody’s comes out with a credit rating which they did just recently, one reaffirmed our rating and one had a new rating and so now as we are closing off the quarter and filing our 10-Q, we are obviously able to file for this universal shelf but be rest assured at this point in time, we have no intentions to be using the shelf and we are not trying to signal anything with respect to litigation or acquisition or anything else. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Okay, great. Good to know -- I guess my follow-on, I’ll ask Bob, just maybe if we can get some update on the regulatory situation, as well as the merchant litigation case, I guess -- any new developments or milestones we should be watching for?
Robert W. Selander: Are we talking U.S. regulatory? Where would you like me to start in the world, Tien-Tsin?
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Yeah, so lots of stuff out there -- I guess U.S. is my primary focus. 
Robert W. Selander: Well, as you read in the papers and I do every day, we continue to have work being done in both the regulatory regime as well as the legislative regime as a follow-up to how financial services will be regulated in this country prospectively, and that’s an ongoing -- it’s even a debate within the administration and we will see how that plays out.  My sense is it is going to be a challenge to get everything that everyone might want to get done in terms of any legislative changes done this year, whether it’s the debate on do we need a new systemic regulator or should we vest the authority in the fed and let them continue to do what they have been doing over the last year or two with some additional authorities.  From the standpoint of the consumer financial protection agency, that continues also I think to get a reasonable amount of debate. I suspect there will be something that comes on that front, again depending on the timing, probably not until very late this year or early in the new year.  My perspective on that is for our customers ensuring that there is a level playing field on a national basis so that we don’t wind up with just a whole array of separate state level regulations that I think can undermine the efficiency and the effectiveness of the delivery of good financial services to consumers. I think that’s an important thing.  I am trying to remember, Tien-Tsin, the other thing you had other than the -- just what’s going on -- 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: No, that’s helpful -- just the merchant litigation case, if there is any new developments there worth noting. 
Robert W. Selander: I don’t think there is a lot that is going on there. From the standpoint of some of the timings, there’s been a briefing on the class certification and the court has scheduled oral argument on the class motion I believe it is later in this month. You know, the parties have been reviewing various proposals, i.e. various motions that they have each made and those motions will also be argued during November.  From the standpoint of the defendant’s expert reports, those are due in December. There are various motions that will be filed in the middle of next year. I think those are scheduled, the dispositive motions in the summer of next year with briefing on those motions only to be completed in the fall of 2010. There is confidential mediation taking place. The mediation is at early stages and there’s no way to predict what the outcome is going to be and of course no ultimate trial date has been scheduled. So we are expecting this will play out over the next -- continue to play out over the next couple of years. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Okay, great. Very good. Thanks for the details, Bob, Martina, and Barbara. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods: Thank you. I was wondering if you guys were able to detect a volume trend across segments within [inaudible]. I guess what I was trying to get a sense of is whether the transact oriented card volumes have kind of held up better than others and where the weakness continues to persist.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Sanjay, can you repeat your question, please? You were very hard to hear. 
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods: I’m sorry. I’m on a phone. I guess I was just wondering if there was a way to disaggregate segments, volume trends across U.S. cards. What I was trying to see is kind of where, which segments are performing better than others. Do you guys have that kind of data?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Yeah, I mean what Bob said this morning as reported from our spending pulse and that probably gives you as good of a sense on where are the sectors that are actually doing a little bit better and what he has quoted is that we are really seeing growth otherwise from a fairly anemic last part of the year last year, we’ve seen growth in e-commerce, we’ve seen growth in luxury, in electronics and in airlines. I think where we are still seeing not as much growth is predominantly in the apparel sector. That’s having really a very tough year still. 
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods: No, I guess I meant by credit card product types -- so transaction based cards versus maybe sub-prime cards or private label cards. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Sanjay, I don’t think at this point in time we are really prepared to share any thoughts on that. 
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods: Okay, and just one follow-up, just to clarify a question on the discussion with the revenue growth guidance, just to be clear on Bob’s comments -- you meant to say even if you posted 12% revenue growth for the next couple of years, it’s hard to get an average of 12% over the three years, given where revenue growth is going to be for this year, right?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Absolutely. 
Robert W. Selander: That’s correct and if I said something differently, I misspoke. 
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods: There may have been a misunderstanding. I just want to make sure. Thanks. 
Barbara Gasper: Operator, I think we have time for one more question. 
Operator:  Sure. Your final question comes from the line of Christopher Mammone with Deutsche Bank.
Christopher Mammone - Deutsche Bank : I guess just back to the severance charges and plans -- maybe some more elaboration there -- how many positions did the third quarter plan relate to, how many positions does the fourth quarter plan relate to, and maybe expected savings under each of those plans. And then I think you mentioned that you have a voluntary program that you just put in place. If results under that program don’t meet your expectations, could you turn that into an involuntary program? 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Chris, let me just reflect on this -- first of all for the third quarter, we recorded charges of $31 million. That was for roughly 150 people and our payback on this, we estimate that it will be a little longer than about two years, okay? That is not the whole story yet. The severance action, the involuntary severance action reached into the fourth quarter, so the third quarter actually had only a partial recording of the charges so they will be related to involuntary actions in the fourth quarter, another charge. I’m not prepared to talk about that yet.  And then in addition to that, just this week we notified U.S. employees as we said of the voluntary program, it’s going to be -- it’s a voluntary program and as with typically with voluntary programs, it’s tough to size how this voluntary program will be taken up, so I think it’s a little early for us to be making any remarks on that. 
Christopher Mammone - Deutsche Bank : And should we assume that these latest severance actions target all levels, all areas of the organization or is it targeted within certain departments and functionalities?
Martina Hund-Mejean: The voluntary program is really for the United States, so our U.S. based employees and you know, we are not putting these programs just out because we want to blindly do some cost reductions. What we are really looking at is two things -- one, of course efficiency and how our operations are working but two, really reallocation of investment, be it what we are doing from a product business unit point of view within the United States or how we are supporting outside of the United States our various activities. As you know, more than 50% of our revenues are outside of the United States and by the way, they grow more than the revenues in the United States. So there is a big reallocation theme of resources included in this. 
Christopher Mammone - Deutsche Bank : Okay, thanks, Martine. And I guess for my follow-up, I know we are all waiting the GAO report later this month -- just wondering, has the GAO approached you directly for input in their research process? Can you maybe provide some color there?
Robert W. Selander: We are all looking forward to the GAO report as well. I cannot tell you exactly what our involvement has been. I do know that we have provided commentary and beyond that in terms of the follow-up, I’m not sitting here knowing about that, Chris. My sense, as I have indicated in the call a couple of quarters ago when this was first announced is that the good news is this has kind of sort of shed light on this area and I think will be good in terms of educating legislators and others on Interchange. 
Christopher Mammone - Deutsche Bank : All right, thanks a lot. 
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to Bob Selander for any closing remarks. 
Robert W. Selander: Thank you. In summary, we were very pleased with our strong third quarter performance and the progress we have demonstrated for all of our stakeholders. We remain focused on those things within our control as a way to mitigate those that we can't, particularly in light of the challenging economic environment. We believe the worst of the global economic downturn is behind us and there are certainly some encouraging signs from the latest statistics.  With that in mind, we are ensuring that we are well-positioned for long-term growth, especially as the economic tide continues to turn. As I’ve said many times before, we remain committed to delivering long-term value for our shareholders. We operate a global and flexible business that will continue to benefit from the ongoing shift toward electronic payments which consumers, businesses, and governments find more efficient, secure, and easier to manage.  Thanks for your time today. 
Operator: This concludes the presentation and you may all now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Bob Selander - Chief Executive Officer Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer Melissa Ballenger - Corporate Controller Barbara Gasper - Investor Relations
Analysts: Craig Maurer - CLSA Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust David Hochstim - Buckingham Research Group Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs Jason Kupferberg - UBS Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW Chris Mammone - Deutsche Bank Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus Bruce Harting - Barclays
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the second quarter 2009 MasterCard earnings conference call. My name is Francine and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today’s call, Ms. Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Francine. Good morning to everyone and thank you for joining us today either by phone or webcast for a discussions about our second quarter 2009 financial results.  With me on the call this morning are Bob Selander, Chief Executive Officer; Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer; and Melissa Ballenger, our Corporate Controller. Following comments from Bob and Martina, highlighting some key points about the quarter, we will open up the call for your questions. This morning’s earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website www.mastercard.com. The earnings release and slide deck have also been attached to an 8-K, that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one week until August 7. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today’s earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today’s call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard’s future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our recent SEC filings. With that, I will now to turn the call over to Bob Selander.
Bob Selander: Thanks Barbara and good morning everyone. I’d like to start out by saying that I’m very pleased with our strong second quarter financial performance. We saw net revenue growth of 2.7% on an as reported base and on a constant currency basis net revenue growth was 7%.  We have continued to follow an aggressive and thoughtful approach to cost management with total operating expenses declining 13% this quarter, excluding the impact of last years litigation settlement and we delivered a 10.2 percentage point operating improvement over the same quarter last year. I’m equally pleased that net income grew 26.4% on the same adjusted basis. Though we have been cutting back where we can, we continue to prioritize our resources in support of the best opportunities, making sure we appropriately invest for the future. We continue to see the economic downturn affect consumer and business spending. Our volumes during the quarter were impacted by significant headwinds versus last year, such as appreciating US dollar, lower gas prices and slower cross-border travel. As evidenced by our process transaction growth of almost 8%, we are benefiting from the secular shift, cash and check to electronic payments. Our business model and global diversification continue to provide a good degree of resilience in this environment.  Turning first to the regulatory and legislative front, we’re working closely with our consumers, policy makers, regulators, and government bodies around the globe to proactively address the issues in local markets. As most of the questions, we have gotten from you have been around, “What’s happening on Capitol Hill?” Let me focus on interchange related legislation in the U.S. Our legislation has been introduced. There’s been no moment on that legislation in either the house or senate, as it is in its earliest stages. We saw during the last Congress, that this legislation is controversial and its proponents face significant political and policy changes in moving it through both chambers and rightfully so. One of the key points that frequently get lost in this debate is the extraordinary value merchants receive, when they accept payment cards. In addition to the increased revenues that come from card acceptance, our network enables merchants to make sales on credit, while shifting all the risk to the financial institutions that issue our cards. This point is driven home by the recent escalation of bank charge-off rates, which now range from 7% to 12% of outstanding balances. More to the point, however, the sheer magnitude of the single benefit is clear when you consider that the average consumer credit charge-off rate as a percentage of point of sale transaction volume is multiples higher than the average consumer credit card interchange rate in your system. For example, looking back to 2008, average interchange rate for MasterCard consumer credit cards was about 1.85%, while credit losses from point of sale transactions, according to information that we gather, were in excess of 4%, a staggering differential. In fact, over the past three years, point-of-sale related credit losses have doubled while interchange rates have been virtually flat. Again, each and every one of these transactions where a credit loss occurred was a sale for the retailer. One of the most troubling aspects of the legislation and one of the reasons that it’s so controversial is that the result would be that merchants, by no longer paying their fair share so the benefits they received, which shift these costs to consumers. U.S. consumers would lose, just like consumers in Australia did when the Reserve Bank of Australia arbitrarily lowered interchange rates there. Australian consumers now pay more for payment cards and receive fewer benefits with no evidence of lower retail prices to consumers. Turning now to our thoughts on the economy and the current business trends we’re seeing. Our assumptions remain unchanged and we don’t expect the economic slowdown across the world will improve until sometime next year. The most recent unemployment figures for both Europe and the U.S. are at 9.5% and economists expect unemployment to rise for the foreseeable future.  Consumer confidence remains at a low level, probably held down from concerns around unemployment. We are looking for further stabilization of the U.S. housing sectors, one leading indicator that helps consumers feel comfortable about increasing their spending and there are some encouraging signs.  This week, the Commerce Department released statistics that showed New U.S. Home sales rose more than expected in June, helped by a 17% year-over-year fall in housing prices. Conference board’s index of leading economic indicators gained 0.7% in June, exceeding economists, forecasts. This is the third straight month of increases, suggesting the recession could be drawing to a close. Turning to the latest MasterCard spending pulse data for the U.S. retail sector in June, the results are fairly consistent with May, indicating generally stable conditions, and point to a more stable environment for the second half of this year. The high ticket consumer durable sectors are just luxury retailer’s department stores are still showing year-over-year sales lines in the 10% to 20% range. However, retail sales, excluding autos and gas fell in June versus the prior year by 2.3%, which is similar to what we’ve seen in prior months. When we look at our MasterCard process volumes in transactions through the first four weeks of July, we saw the following: Our cross-border volumes continue to stabilize across most regions. While still slightly negative on a worldwide base, the rate of decline slowed from the 2.1% decline we saw for the second quarter, primarily due to Americans traveling abroad. In Europe, we saw a continued moderation in growth, but it remained positive. U.S. processed volume saw a lower rate of decline through the first four weeks of July, relative to what we saw in the second quarter, which also signals potential signs of stabilization. Process volumes for the rest of the world are still growing inline with the second quarter. Process transactions continue to grow in the 8% range, similar to the second quarter of 2009. I’ll now turn the call over to Martina for detailed update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina.
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks, Bob and good morning everyone. Let me begin on page three of the deck, where we’re focused on the non-GAAP columns, which exclude all special items. As Bob mentioned, we are very pleased to have delivered another solid quarter in spite of continuing head winds. Second quarter net revenues grew 2.7% to $1.3 billion over the comparable period last year. Adjusting for the headwinds from exchange fluctuations of the euro and Brazilian real against the dollar, net revenue grew 7% for the quarter, on a constant currency basis. This increase was primarily driven by pricing changes of approximately eight percentage points, an increase in the number of process transactions by 7.9% and lower rebates and incentives of 5.8%. These positive factors were somewhat offset by the impact of lower gross dollar volume in the quarter. We have continued to effectively manage operating expenses, which decreased 13% for the quarter. Foreign exchange contributed 3.2 percentage points to the decline. Our operating income was $558 million for the quarter. By the economic slowdown across the global economy continues to impact our top line growth, we’re generating strong results from our cost containment initiatives and achieved a quarterly operating margin of 43.6%. This represents a 10.2 percentage point improvement over last years second quarter. MasterCard’s effective tax rate was 35% in the second quarter of 2009, pretty much on par with the year-ago quarter. During the second quarter of 2009, we delivered net income of $349 million or $2.67 per diluted share. Turning to page four, during the second quarter the global diversification of our business continue to help us weather the cyclical downturn in the U.S. where the year-over-year decline in the number of our business drivers is most evident.  Our business continues to generate healthy transactions and volumes on a local currency basis from economies outside of the United States and the cyclical shift from cash to electronic payment forms continues to provide significant growth opportunity, as we see strong growth in worldwide process transaction. Worldwide gross dollar volume or GDV was slightly down at 0.6% on a local currency basis in the second quarter and declined 9.3% on a U.S. dollar-converted basis to $595 billion. The deceleration in the overall local currency growth rate can be attributed to the U.S., where GDV growth declined 9.7%, due to a double-digit decline in credit volume growth. Across the rest of the world, GDV continue to grow by 6.8% on a local currency basis, albeit at a much slower pace, than what we have seen in the last year or last quarter. Translated into U.S. dollars, the 6.8% growth becomes a 9% decline, due to the strength of the dollar against most other currencies during the quarter.
 : On a local currency basis, worldwide purchase volume was also slightly down, at 0.7%. Similar to the GDV trend U.S. purchase volume declined 8.8% for the quarter driven by a decline in credit volume. The decline in gas prices on a year-over-year basis accounted for approximately a third of the decline in U.S. purchase volume.
 : We continue to see more Europeans traveling within Europe and fewer crossing the Atlantic to the United States. Globally cross-border transactions continue to grow in the high single-digits for the quarter on both the year-over-year and sequential basis. When we looked at process transactions in the second quarter, the increased 7.9% compared to the year-ago quarter to $5.6 billion.
 : The number of MasterCard branded cards worldwide grew 1.2% to 959 million in the quarter, and excluding the U.S., the rest of the world card issuance grew 10%. The majority of this growth was principally driven by issuance of MasterCard debit and prepaid cards. As of June 30, 2009, there were approximately 1.6 billion MasterCard and Maestro branded cards issued. Now let’s turn to page five. As I mentioned earlier, net revenue grew 2.7% on an as reported base. On a constant currency basis net revenue grew 7% for the second quarter. Domestic assessments decreased 2.2% from the prior year, primarily due to the impact of converting local currency volumes to the strengthening, functional currencies which are used to calculate revenues. Let’s talk about an example, the euro strengthening against to the pound sterling in the second quarter on a year-over-year basis. Therefore, when we convert to the pound sterling volumes to the euro equivalents to bill our customers, this result in lower revenue than it would has a year ago. This pound sterling, euro relationship is not considered in our constant currency calculation of net revenue, which only adjusts for the euro and the Brazilian Reais translation effect versus the US dollar. This was evidenced by GDV growth being slightly down on a local currency basis, but declining 9.3% on the US dollar basis compared to the prior year’s period. New pricing introduced in Europe in October, 2008 partially offset the decrease. Cross-border volumes fees decreased by 9.4% versus Q2 ‘08. Our cross-border volumes decreased 2.1% on the local currency basis, the declined approximately 14% on a US dollar basis. Increased European pricing partially offset the decrease. Transaction processing fees increased 14.6%, compared to the prior period. Due to an increased number of processed transactions and pricing introduced in April in the US. On a constant currency basis, the growth for this revenue line item was 189.7% with approximately half of the growth due to new pricing and the other half of underlying process transaction growth and increases in services, such as [Audio Gap]. Other revenues decreased 1.6% on an as reported basis, but grew 2% on a constant currency basis. Rebates and incentive payments decreased 5.8%, largely due to lower volumes which had a tempering effect on the performance of our customer business agreement. As a remainder, our rebates and incentives can vary from quarter-to-quarter, as we sign new or renewed agreements. Just a quick comment on pricing, of the overall eight percentage point contribution from pricing this quarter, roughly one third of it came from European pricing that we repealed, effective July 1, as a result of our interim agreement with the European Commission. Therefore, we expect the impact from pricing to moderate over the balance of the year. Now we’ll turn to page six, shows some detail on expenses. As part of our commitment to deliver a lower expense structure this year, we have continued to implement a number of expense management measure, excluding special items, total operating expenses decreased 13% duration the second quarter. Currency fluctuations of 3.2 percentage points contributed to the decline. Without the impact of severance in both this quarter and the year ago quarter, total operating expenses declined 18%. The decrease was mainly driven by the following. General and administrative expenses decreased 2.9%, the currency fluctuations essentially counting for the full amount of the decline, but let’s look at the categories within G&A. Professional fees declined by approximately 34% or $19 million during the quarter, due to a significant reduction, consulting expense and legal costs. Travel expenses decreased approximately 62% or $18 million on a year-over-year basis, as a result of continuing cost-reduction initiative and personnel costs for the quarter increased 8.2%, due to the $51 million severance charge. This charge reflects a $0.25 impact on our reported diluted EPS. Excluding severance charges, personnel costs declined 3.3%. We will continue to monitor our business performance and may need to consider additional actions.  Advertising and marketing spend decreased by 35.8% versus the year-ago period; as we scale-back our spent in several categories in response to current market condition, and in keeping with our overall cost-containment efforts. Approximately 3.3 percentage point of the decline related to the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. Moving to the cash flow statement and balance sheet highlights on page seven. We generated $362 million in cash from operations and ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and current investments of $2.7 billion. Earlier this month, we agreed to prepay the remainder of our obligation under the June 2003 settlement agreement in the merchant case action lawsuit. The company will make a prepayment at a discounted amount of $335 million on September 30, of this year subject to court approval and finalization of the agreement. Until that time, we continue to classify this obligation in both current and non-current liability. We believe this settlement is an effective use of our cash and offers goods returns and allows us to put the remaining financial piece of the legacy litigation behind us. While it depends on the timing of the courts approval, we expect this event to have a positive $0.07 to $0.08 impact on our EPS in the second half of this year, that roughly equally between the third and the fourth quarter. Let me now turn the call back to Bob.
Bob Selander: Turning to page eight, the economic slowdown around the world continues to prove challenging for consumers, our customers and for us. We see no reason to change our view that the global economy will not begin to improve until 2010. As mentioned on last quarter’s call, this year we expect to fall below our minimum average, annual net revenue growth objective of 12% on a constant currency basis. We’ve continued our heightened focus on managing expenses and as a result, we now expect them to be down on a year-over-year basis, including the impact of all severance charges, which are largely behind us for those actions we have already identified. With respect to our advertising and marketing spending, we continue to expect full-year 2009 to be lower than full-year 2008 on both and as-reported and constant currency basis  However, I caution you about using recent spend levels as a run rate for the balance of this year, as our current forecast calls for significantly higher spending in the second half of 2009 than the approximate $300 million we’ve recorded in the first half. To-date we have scaled-back our core marketing activities in response to current market conditions and we’re keeping a close watch to ensure that we’re maintaining brand performance particularly in high-growth and emerging markets. Our views around net income have not changed, since our investor meeting in mid May. In order to achieve at least 20% net income growth for 2009, we would need to see revenue growth of low-single digits on a constant currency basis, given our expectations for a total operating expenses and excluding any impact of severance charges. The last six months represented challenges for many businesses including ours, but as can you see from our performance, we’re very focused on achieving solid bottom line results this year. Looking out over the longer term, let me comment on our three year performance objectives for 2009 through 2011. At our investor meeting in May, we pointed out that we identified risks around our revenue performance objective. As we continued to work through our planning process, we currently think it’s unlikely that we will be able to make up this year’s revenue growth shortfall over the next two years in order to achieve average net revenue growth of 12% to 15% for the 2009 to 2011 period. We’ve not changed our view that the continued secular moment globally towards electronic payments and the resilient of our business model will allow us to deliver better top line growth that what we will see in the near term given the current economic environment. We continue to expect three to five percentage points of annual operating margin improvement and 20% to 30% average net income growth over the 2009-2011 period. As I’ve said many times before, we will always evaluate whether to make further adjustments to our expense structure, keeping in mind our intention to invest wisely to protect future growth opportunities. Though our top line is affected by the global economic climate, we’ve remain committed to our performance objectives over the longer turn and do not intend to jeopardize them in order to deliver short term results. Now before taking your questions, let me spend a couple of minutes on some business highlights. Looking first at debit, as of June 30, 2009, we had nearly $900 million debit MasterCard debit and Maestro cards issued globally. As you know, we offer a world class solution that leverages our global Maestro PIN offering and our debit MasterCard signature and PIN product. While we have a strong global platform, we recognize that debit is inherently a local business. As a result, we were focused on driving growth with country specific solutions. In the U.S., we signed an agreement with the Bank of the West that extends our debit relationship and we also strengthened our relationship with First Hawaiian Bank with a multi-year debt extension. In Europe, we continue to execute our agreements. In Finland, the conversion of local debit cards to Debit MasterCard is underway. Debit MasterCard is also being introduced in Poland with the first cards in the market being launched by Accor and in Portugal the Millennium Bank migration continues and new debit deals have been signed with Caixa Geral de Depositos and Banco San Santander Totta. Additionally, we’ve begun to open the French and Italian toll-way system to all Maestro cards and are beginning to see more cross boarder transactions as a result. Look at the 17 countries that represent our opportunity around SEPA, our progress continues. Our process of domestic transactions in these countries grew by approximately 30% versus the same quarter last year with single digit growth in the number of Maestro cards issued over the same period. In Latin America we launched with Banamex first Platinum Debit MasterCard, targeting the affluent segment in Mexico. Here the focus is to drive usage from the ATM to the point of sale. Beyond debit, we continued to work with our customers and partners to deliver payments innovations. For example, Barclaycard in the U.S. has moved the rest of the U.S. Airways Dividend Miles credit product accounts to MasterCard world and world elite-branded cards. Our money sent platform is available in 17 countries, including the U.S., Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, India and the Philippines. Platform encompasses both Person-to-Person or P-to-P payments, such as social payments and Gilbert Remittances. In May we launched our first P-to-P mobile payment service in the U.S., called mobile money send with our partner. Through this service, consumers can send and receive funds via text message, mobile web browser or an Internet connection using a PC. Users have the option of utilizing a MasterCard prepaid card issued by the Bancorp Bank for use in ATMs and physical points of sale. We really see the mobile application as being viral in nature, allowing consumers who sign-up for the service to send money from one mobile phone to any of their friends and families mobile phones or MasterCard accounts. I’ll now turn the call back to Barbara, so we can begin to taking your questions.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Bob. We’re now ready to begin the question and answer period and as in order to get to as many people as possible in your allotted timeframe. We ask that you limit yourself to a single question with one follow-up and then queue back in for additional questions. Francine, can we start the Q-and-A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Craig Maurer of CLSA.
Craig Maurer - CLSA: Good morning. My first question is surrounding your willingness to acquire local merchant acquiring quite possibly in the SEPA territory to facilitate much of that conversion and to possibly to get better economics on those transactions?
Bob Selander: Well, Craig, let me try and just interpret your question a bit. Are we willing to begin to directly acquire from merchants?
Craig Maurer - CLSA: Well to clarify, what I mean is should the opportunity to purchase something like Carte Blanche here show up. I’m not asking for direct guidance on possible acquisitions, but is that something that you’ve possibly planned for should opportunities present themselves?
Bob Selander: As you know, we have generally drawn pretty bright line with regards to competing with our customers in terms of issuing or acquiring. We feel we’ve had enough space to operate in terms of our areas of the value chain.  Having said that, we’re looking at all times that opportunities to expand our presence and we’ve shared with you in the past, that we currently only process, roughly, about four out of ten transactions that are done with our brands around the world. The ones that we don’t process are generally those domestic transactions that are handled by the bank formed consortiums or other domestic processing entities.  So you can see in the past, where we’ve been involved with, for example, acquisitions in Brazil, deals in the U.K., the acquisition of Europe, France a year-ago to better position ourselves to compete in those domestic markets. We’ll continue to look at opportunities like that, whether it’s in Europe or other parts of the world.
Craig Maurer - CLSA: Okay and one follow-up, if you could just clarify, was there any impact in the rebates and incentives line from the Washington Mutual de-conversion, or loss of that contract?
Martina Hund-Mejean: At this point in time, we have not seen any impact from the loss of that contract Craig. That comes a little later in the year and really next year.
Craig Maurer - CLSA: Can you provide any guidance on the offset that might have versus increasing rebates or incentives or just the overall impact that might have on the line?
Martina Hund-Mejean: The overall impact, when you look at combined net revenue is not a large amount.
Craig Maurer - CLSA: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey of SunTrust. Please proceed.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Martina, I realize that pricing growth decelerates in the second half of the year. Can you talk about the long term pricing environment? Do you still feel comfortable with 200 basis points or two percentage points of revenue growth from pricing over the long term?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Well, Andrew, I mean we’ve been saying this now for quite a few quarters. I mean, obviously given the economic environment and what our customers are going through, you always have to look at that very critically and make judgments what you can or cannot do.  At this point in time, we still feel reasonably comfortable with that, at least 200 basis points on a per year basis, but it’s very much tied to what kind of value proposition we would offer customers and acquires around the world.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust: Okay, and as a quick follow-up for Bob. You’ve makes a compelling argument on interchange. From your point of view, given how close you are. How well do you think legislators understand the nuance of what is a less explicit argument than maybe late fees on credit cards?
Bob Selander: I think that would vary from literally legislator’s office to another and one country to another. Focusing here on the U.S., there has been a heightened degree of industry focus on educating, whether it’s the staffers or people in Congress and various regulators on the reason behind and the way that interchange operates. I’ve correspond with Senator Durbin and MasterCard put together a white paper on the subject. I think it’s positive that as a result of some of the recent regulation that was done with regards particular to the issuer practices that there is a GAO study that will be undertaken. I think that is going to throw some light and at least create a common framework of understanding.  I hope as a result of that, we’ll see people more fluent with the reality of all the positive things and benefits that flow from the four-party system and the interchange, which that depends.
Andrew Jeffrey - SunTrust: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Hochstim from Buckingham Research Group.
David Hochstim - Buckingham Research Group: Thanks. I wonder if you could just tried a little more detail on your thoughts about adverting and marketing spending decline in the first half was, as you said was huge. Just wondering, what will change in the second half? What kind of things are you spending money on realistically? What kind of year-over-year decline should we expect, obviously not 36%, and 15%?
Bob Selander: There is a couple of observations, my comment was please don’t use the run rate of the first half, which was about $300 million, because our current expectations are to spend significantly more than that in the second half. We traditionally do spend more, as you probably know in the third and fourth quarters than we do in the first and second. So that is part of the seasonality in our business, where we see heightened volumes of activity in the fourth quarter, even when the economy is not as robust as we might like it to be. From a comparison standpoint in the second quarter, you need to also recall that the second quarter of last year included heightened spending around the euro 2008 football, soccer championships that were being played in Europe, which tended to increase last’s second quarter a little bit.  The other thing is there are a couple of variables that we don’t fully control, some that we benefit from. So that media rates for example, in most of the developed economies around the world are lower. So to get the same bang for your spending you obviously don’t have to spend as much. I would caution you, though that there are some markets where those rates are up. Russia, Brazil, and a few others, they’re continues to be higher media rates than we have seen in the past. We put all those things together and that’s why we suggest to you don’t use that first half run rate. It will be significantly higher in the second half.  We also, obviously, are hoping to see improvements in the economy, and those are opportunities for us to begin to spend and drive usage and to partner with our customers as they begin to look a little bit more forward in various markets around the world.
David Hochstim - Buckingham Research Group: Okay and maybe a follow-up. Yesterday, VISA talked about having signed a number of new contracts that tied up business for several years. I just wondered if that has any implications for you or if you are in a similar situation? Obviously, didn’t have any signings this quarter, big ones. Is that a challenge in terms of trying to gain profitable business, or…?
Bob Selander: Everyday it’s a street fight. I must tell you that, we are signing business. I’m sure they are signing business. From the standpoint of the marketplace, there are a lot of other competitors other than the one you mentioned, whether it’s in the processing space or other areas, advisory services, etc. So on probably any given day, somewhere in the world, there is some deal that we’re signing. To your point, it may not be the biggest deal ever signed, but as you accumulate those overtime and those are multi-year deals that secures an increasing proportion of our business as we look forward. I think that proportion is as high as it has been over the last year or two, and I believe the last time we looked it was nearly three quarters of our business was subject to multi-year agreements.
David Hochstim - Buckingham Research Group: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang of JP Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Thanks. Nice work on the expenses. I wanted to ask a couple of quick ones. I just want to make sure, are there any other large contract decisions that are still outstanding? I just want to make sure that everything was contemplated in the net income guidance for the next couple of years?
Bob Selander: Well, there are lots of large contracts that are outstanding at any point in time, Tien-Tsin. I at this point, can’t predict what future mergers or other consolidations might take place. As you know, when those things happen, you tend to get jump balls earlier than you might have otherwise in terms of a renegotiation or a reopening of agreements, but from my perspective, there are several that will be coming up over the next year. We’re working hard on those. What I can’t predict is the sort of unpredictable events that could precipitate others. Clearly, if you look back 18 months ago, I don’t think we would have expected some other things we’ve seen happen. You won’t have expected probably Lloyds, HBOS to get together in the U.K. You wouldn’t have expected Wachovia to be part of the Wells Fargo. You can go on and on around the world.  So in this environment you just need to be flexible and adaptable and you need to be serving your customers well so that if you do come up to a point whether the contract is opened earlier than you might have anticipated, they are happy to continue to do business with you.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Great, I guess that just that clarified, actually Bob, just in related to the sort of the known client consolidations, have those major decisions been made? You mentioned a couple, obviously.
Bob Selander: To the best of my knowledge, they have been, yes.
Tien-Tsin Huang - JP Morgan: Terrific, that’s great news. A couple more, I want to cheat and ask one additional. Severance, I heard Bob, you say that you were close to the end and also I think Martina, you mentioned that you may need to take additional action. So what do you need to see in order to take such actions?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Tien-Tsin, I mean so obviously, for the actions that we identified for this year, we took largely all of the severance charges. So on those actions, we have some outstanding implementation, et cetera, which will happen over the rest of year, but we have pretty much largely recognized the charges related to that in our P&L.  In terms of the future, I do believe it really depends on what the business environment will bring. I think we’re very focused on what top line brings. I think we’re very focused in terms of what we need to do in the business and the investments that we need to do. So I don’t think that we will ever say that we are not going to do any actions ever. I think is as normal, you have to be keyed into the current environment and you have to make sure that you are nimble enough and flexible enough in order to course correct on the expense line, if need be. So that’s why we made that comment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line ever Bob Napoli of Piper Jaffray.
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: Thank you, good morning. I just wanted to follow-up on U.S. credit a little bit. It got a little bit worse this quarter, year-over-year trend and specifically on credit into July. I’m not sure if I missed the comments on the trends of U.S. credit, if you see that starting to any signs of any improvement in that line.
Bob Selander: Well, for the quarter, U.S. credit on the purchase volume was down in the mid-teens, 15%, 16%. I don’t have, and I’m not sure Martina, if you have a breakdown of the spending levels through the first four weeks of July, but we continued to see aggregate MasterCard volumes at around the same level that we saw coming out of the second quarter.
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: Okay, I was hoping you’d give a little more color on the movement in SEPA. I don’t know if you can quantify a little bit or try to put any. You mentioned the transactions processed were up 30%. Just hoping, you could give a little more color on the opportunity that you see, now we’ve been moving through this for a couple of years?
Bob Selander: The point I made was, I believe it was domestic transactions were up 30%. As you probably will recall, there are a lot of domestic brands and frequently let’s use Maestro as the example. Maestro will be on the card in addition to a domestic brand.  As a result, when it’s used in the country, which it is 96%, 97%, whatever percent of the time, we would not necessarily process that transaction. As our customers move to a Maestro only branded card or as we begin to position ourselves to be able to process transactions domestically. We’re beginning to see an increase in the number of those domestic transactions. I did mention that globally out of 100 transactions done with our cards, we’re still only processing about 40 out of those 100, but that reflects that we processed virtually all the transactions in the U.K., U.S., Brazil, Canada, I think also Australia, which means that at least in the rest of the SEPA zone, we’re processing significantly less than the 40%.  So that continues to be a significant opportunity for us. We continue to work hard on trying to find ways to provide our customers with everything that they’ve got to day plus cross-border and other benefits that Maestro brings.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julio Quinteros of Goldman Sachs.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Great, first of all, in terms of the commentary on the longer term guidance, can you rehash the 12% to 15% comment in terms of longer term revenue growth? Can you just rehash those, I’m just trying to understand, make sure to understand what the direction of the numbers would be? It sounds like on a reported basis, you’re not expecting the numbers to be in the 12% to 15% range longer term, is that correct?
Bob Selander: What I commented on, Julio and keep in mind this is in constant currency, that we had previously informed you or shared longer term objectives for the 2009, 2010, 2011 three year period of 12% to 15% average net revenue growth per year.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Right.
Bob Selander: We also shared that for 2009, we were not going to get there.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Sure.
Bob Selander: We are currently talking about maybe low single digit revenue growth for the year and what we wanted to do, and what I tried to do was just to connect the dots, if it hadn’t already happened to make it clear that assuming that we come out in the low single digit area in 2009. We don’t currently see a way to make up in 2010 and 2011 in order to get to that 12% to 15% average for the three year, ’09, ‘10, ’11 period.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Got it and was there some underlying currency assumption that you also commented on longer term in terms of what kind of drag there could be unrecorded?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Let me just jump in here. All of our guidance was at constant currency. So whatever the currently does, would have been on top of it or bottom of it, depending on which way it goes. So currency is not an issue here. Let me look at our trajectory for 2009 and we haven’t really put out a rate for 2009, but when we look at the trajectory, when we add to what you could possibly get, even in a fantastic environment in 2010 and 2011. You can do the averages yourself. It would be very, very had to get into that 12% to 15% bucket. Having said that, we did look very much at what could happen from a bottom line perspective, and we feel absolutely comfortable that our bottom line performance objectives that we have out there both for operating margin, as well as for the net income growth are appropriate.
Julio Quinteros - Goldman Sachs: Got it, great and just to go back to, just thinking about longer term expectations. Is it feasible to think at this point with the card act and constraints in the credit system that the U.S. credit volumes at this point are probably flat, maybe even sustained down for the next 12 months or so, or could you actually see a scenario, where credit card payment volumes would actually be positive at all in 2010?
Bob Selander: We’re still working our way through a variety of scenarios for next year with regards to what happens with the U.S. credit volumes. I guess just off the top of my head, I would say to you, I think it’s going to be hard to see growth, even in a recovering economy as best forecast I’ve seen for the U.S. next year is 2% growth. I think that was the IMF a few weeks ago, put that number out. I would at this point not want to bet on any improvement to that level of growth in credit card spending.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Kupferberg of UBS.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Thanks and good morning, guys. So regarding the three year target, I totally agree, I don’t think there’s any surprise here that the 12% to 15% is obviously going to be a stretch. That’s just how the math works.  In terms of the right corridor though, understanding that that it’s impossible to really see out a full two and a half years beyond where we are now. Just order of magnitude-wise, I mean should we think of this as more alike, I don’t know, 8%, 9%, 10% as sort of a reasonable kind of range, just anything to kind of help folks there?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Jason, at this point in time, we’ve really have not put our budget together for next year and for the following year. I mean, as we said, from a longer term perspective, we definitely believe that the ranges that we put out in the past are the right zip code, but for the next two years, you’re going to have to give us a little bit more time. We’re only halfway into 2009, Lots of things happening in the economy. We don’t really know whether we’re coming to an end in the recession or what might be happening next year. As soon as we know more, we’ll let you know, but at this point in time it would be too early to call.
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Understood, I’m Just switching gears, Bob, wanted to pick up on the some of the comments you made regarding the status of the whole interchange debate and wanted to get your views on how important do you think that the pending GAO study that was mandated?  How important will that be in terms of determining the future of the U.S. interchange system and kind of shaping the debate there, understanding that obviously, the political environment that we’re in now is very different than when previous GAO studies were done.
Bob Selander: Well I am cautiously optimistic that GAO study will shed light on the issue where there’s currently darkness. I think the combination of that, plus ongoing education of individuals will be very beneficial, but that’s a challenge that the industry faces and we have to make sure that happens. I just wanted to point that out, and that’s the thing we get a lot of questions about, which is why I opened the call, or at least my section of the call with those comments.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani of KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW: Thank you. One of the things that I noticed was your, the U.S. card area saw a decline in cards versus some of the other product area as well as regions. I was wondering, is there any way to quantify how much of a volume loss was related to that, or was it negligible?
Bob Selander: I think it’s pretty hard to do that. A lot of our customers are, for want of a better description, cleaning up their files as they work through their way through a very challenging credit environment. And inactive accounts, for example, obviously to the degree they’re charge-offs or high levels of delinquency, which virtually all issuers have, accounts are being closed as a result of those activities as well. So you are accurate. We saw a little over 10%, I believe it was, decrease in the number of MasterCard accounts at the end of this quarter versus the same period a year ago. While outside of the U.S., we continue to see a positive growth of about 10% going in the other direction.
Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW: Okay and maybe just one follow-up on capital management. Obviously, there were some actions taken this quarter and you guys still have a fair amount of cash on hand. I mean are there any opportunities for a share repurchase or any other types of capital management activities? Thanks.
Bob Selander: I think our position is very similar to where we were in the last quarter. We think at this time having a strong balance sheet and good cash position gives us a level of flexibility that we may want to have for various opportunities that come along.  Clearly, the one that Martina highlighted, which you’re familiar with, which is our early repayment or prepayment of the legacy merchant litigation outstanding, that will have a positive impact, assuming we do get court approval. Going forward this year, we think that’s a good use of the cash. There may be other opportunities that come along. So for the time being, I think our attitude is we’re keeping the powder dry, when we think we’re in a period where it’s unlikely we have any possible use or we feel a lot more comfortable about the environment and the degree of flexibility that we need to maintain, then we’ll obviously take a look at things like share buyback.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Mammone of Deutsche Bank.
Chris Mammone - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. Just wondering on the severance, I guess. How many positions were eliminated in the second quarter? What magnitude of savings can we expect in personnel on the back half from these actions?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Okay, Chris. So for the $51 million of severance, about 130 positions are being eliminated. When you take the first quarter and the second quarter severance numbers together, that’s about $70 million, and when we look at one positions are eliminated, some of which are latter part of this year, and some are actually early part of next year.  You’re going to get a payback of roughly just shy of two years. The annualized savings, we look at this as one program. The annualized savings for these kind of actions are roughly in the $40 million range going forward.
Chris Mammone - Deutsche Bank: Okay, that’s helpful. I guess and then as a follow-up or I guess switching gears. During the Analyst Day, I think Chris McWilton made the comment about significant debit business potentially out for bid in the U.S. this year. Have your views changed on that at all given or has VISA is strong on customer signing in the second half, did that preclude any of that?
Bob Selander: I think Chris’s observation at that point in time was a reflection of what was going on with the consolidations as well as some deals coming up. Those deals that have come up continue to be worked on. As a result of the consolidations, we’ll see the degree to which there are deals that come up as a result of that. As you can imagine, banks that are managing through consolidations have a lot of priorities. They have then gotten another set of system and operation challenges for their credit card business as a result of the regulatory environment and new standards and expectations that they’ll have to meet early next year. So at this juncture, I guess I would say there it is probably less significant business up than what we had seen back earlier in the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Brendler of Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, thanks. Good morning. One clarification first, you mentioned that sequential improvement in cross-border revenues. The volumes were flattish, I think at negative 14, including currency, but the revenues improved a little bit. I think you mentioned European pricing. Is that different from the European pricing that’s going off July 1?
Martina Hund-Mejean: In all of the line items that we have for revenues, almost all of them, there’s actually European pricing in there. Also in the cross-border, but what we actually said is that the cross-border volume fees decreased about 9.4% and when you look at the cross-border volume decline on a US dollar basis, it’s probably the best number that you can use to compare to that 9.4% and 14%. The differential is pretty much made up by the pricing that we put back in October of 2008 in Europe and most of that will be repealed.
Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, so the sequential change from first quarter to second quarter, when you went negative 14%, produced negative 11% cross-border revenue growth last quarter? Now its negative 9%, that incremental pickup was not Europe, it sounds like?
Martina Hund-Mejean: That is correct.
Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Any comment on cross-border trends in July, any revenue insight there? I know Bob, already tried on volume in general...
Martina Hund-Mejean: As Bob said, on cross-boarder, we actually saw lower declines than what we saw in the second quarter. So it’s stabilizing more, Chris. Francine, I think this is going to have to be our last question.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from the line of Bruce Harting of Barclays.
Bruce Harting - Barclays: Bob, understand what you say about the averaging of the 12% to 15% revenue growth, but is that still the guidance for 2010, 2011 standalone, 12% to 15%?
Bob Selander: We tried not to as you know Bruce, talk about annual or individual year guidance. So when we get a better view of a longer term perspective and we converge on it, having gone through the planning cycles as Martina mentioned, then we’d be in a position just start to talk about, what we see happening on 2010, 2011. If you could conform for me we’re going to have 5% or better global economic growth and happy, confident consumers, then we’ll probably start stepping up to some of those things sooner, but until we start to see something, it’s hard for us to make that call and rather than make a call that we have to change the next month or the next quarter, we’re just going to wait and see how the data and the economy and consumers unfolds.
Bruce Harting - Barclays: Okay. I mean it seems like your stock is closing the gap somewhat today, but in terms of one of the things we’ve noticed or what we hear from investors is, concern over your debit share, but it would appear as though your strength overseas is very strong and maybe understated by not having that Maestro data.  The question would be, any progress on showing that data on a real-time basis or my understanding is that there might be one or two countries that don’t get that data aggregated, but it seems that the outlook for next year would be pretty straightforward. As you’ve all said that going into this downturn, average ticket might decrease and people will just pull out their cards more, and that’s evident in the transaction volume growth you’ve put up, which is great; and in fact, by just my math debit transaction growth 14% year-over-year credit. Transaction growth only 3%, but the other thing is it seems like transaction processing revenues have continued to grow nicely to the point now they are now 85%, as big as assessment revenues. So it just seems like next year you will be on all cylinders even without a big increase in global consumer spending, because you’ll continue to drive transaction processing fees higher as you did this year and then the currency effect on assessments will hopefully make that cylinder run as well.  I mean, A is, the first question is, what’s wrong with that view of how things will all sort of pull and kick together next year? And second, just any comment on that Maestro data that might help us make the case more convincingly for your strength overseas?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Chris, without make any further comments on what we might be seeing next year or for 2011, I think your observations in terms of our debit business is totally right. We have a terrific debit business around the world, especially outside of the United States, but also in the United States.  So we feel very comfortable with about it. We have been taking your input as well as others, input in terms of how to figure out how we might be able to take better business driver data, i.e. Maestro data out there which would allow you to probably gauge our progress on our international debit business a little bit better. It’s still a work-in-progress. I’m not going to make any promises when we will be able to put it out, but let me tell you, we are work on it hard, because we do believe that would be a very good data point for our investors. Bob, I think you’ve got some closing comments.
Bob Selander: Let me just in summary say, we’re very pleased with the strong second quarter performance, particularly in light of the challenging economic environment. We’ve remain focused on things within our control as a way to mitigate those that we can’t. It is the actions that we’ve taken to realign our resources that allowed us to deliver an operating margin of 43.6% and an adjusted net income growth of 26.4% in the quarter. Our focus remains in ensuring that MasterCard is well-positioned for long term growth. We will continue to invest in the futures that we were solidly positioned once the economic tide begins to turn. We operate a global, flexible and resilient business that will continue to benefit from the ongoing shift toward electronic payments, which consumers, businesses and governments find more efficient, secure and easier to manage. Let me assure you that we remain committed to delivering long term value for our shareholders. And thank you all for joining us on this morning’s call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Gasper – Investor Relations Robert W. Selander – President & Chief Executive Officer Martina Hund-Mejean – Chief Financial Officer Melissa Ballinger – Corporate Controller 
Analysts: Andrew Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Moshe Katri – Cowen and Co.  Craig Maurer – Calyon Securities Anurag Rana – Keybank Capital Markets  Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan James Kissane – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Jason Kupferberg - UBS 
Operator: Welcome to the first quarter 2009 MasterCard earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today’s call, Ms. Barbara Gasper, Group Executive of Investor Relations. Please proceed. 
Barbara Gasper:  Good morning and thank you all for joining us today either by phone or web cast for a discussion about our first quarter 2009 financial results. With me on the call this morning are Bob Selander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer and Melissa Ballinger, our Corporate Controller. Following comments from Bob and Martina highlighting some key points about the quarter we will open up the call for your questions.  This morning’s earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website www.MasterCard.com. The earnings release and slide decks have also been attached to an 8K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one week until May 9th.   Finally as set forth in more detail in today’s earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today’s call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release as well as contained in our recent SEC filings. With that I will now to turn the call over to Bob Selander. 
Robert Selander:  Thanks Barbara. Good morning everyone. Despite the economic realities that we face today this has been a solid quarter for MasterCard. Our volumes have been impacted by significant headwinds such as slower cross-border travel, lower gas prices and an appreciating dollar. But our business model remains resilient and we continue to benefit from the secular shift from cash and checks to electronic payments.  Our focus remains on ensuring that MasterCard is well positioned for long-term growth. Our resources and operations are aligned to support our customers as they look to reprioritize their business strategies and we are prepared to take advantage of any opportunities as they arise.  While our net revenues for the quarter declined 2.2% on an as reported basis, net revenue grew 1.8% on a constant currency basis. In light of the softening top line contribution I am pleased to report that we have taken considerable cost reduction actions to deliver a strong operating margin of 48.6%, an improvement of 5 percentage points over the first quarter of 2008 and the highest quarterly margin to date that we have recorded as a public company.  Now if you could just turn to slide two, let me spend a couple of moments on the economic situation and a little bit on a business update. As I have stated before, we don’t believe there is any reason to assume the economic slowdown across the world will improve for the balance of this year. However, our business model and global diversity continue to provide a good degree of resilience as we navigate through the current environment. As we look at a number of economic indicators important to our business we still face challenges around unemployment, retail sales and the state of the travel industry.  The U.S. official unemployment rate increased in March versus February of this year to 8.5%. It is reasonable to think this trend will likely not plateau until some in 2010. It is going to take awhile for the economic stimulus to make an impact on the wider U.S. economy and restore confidence for both business and consumer spending to return to rates of growth again.  Likewise, the unemployment rate in the Euro area reached 8.5% through the end of February and we expect this number to rise over the remainder of the year before stabilizing.  Turning to the latest MasterCard spending pulse data for the U.S. retail sector, in general the year-over-year comparisons continue to show large declines but the pace of the contraction appears to be stabilizing.  Total retail sales excluding autos and gasoline showed a year-over-year decline of 2.5% in March. This is fairly comparable to the 2.3% decline in February. However, certain industries contracted significantly with furniture and furnishings down almost 24%, electronics and appliances down 27% and apparel down 23%.  In addition, some of the industry figures are negatively impacted by bankruptcies and store closings such as Circuit City in the electronic and appliance category and Linens and Things in the furniture and furnishings sector. U.S. travel is continuing to deteriorate with historically low year-over-year comparisons and lodging. U.S. airlines posted their third consecutive double digit sales decline, decreasing by 17.4%. IATA, the International Air Transport Association, has noted that while global passenger travel has fallen less precipitously compared to freight and shipments, it expects passenger volumes to be down 5.7% for the year.  While the rate of decline in airline sales has slowed, lodging continued to deteriorate and is down 23% in March versus a year ago. Gasoline sales are down significantly due entirely to the 40% year-over-year decline in gas prices. But pumping is recovering to show consistent year-over-year gains for the past two months.  There are some bright spots. The Confidence Board reported earlier this week that U.S. consumer confidence jumped from 26.9% in March to 39.2% in April which is a higher gain than economists were forecasting. Central bankers continue to respond to the crisis by injecting liquidity to ease credit and monetary conditions.  Finally, many governments continue to provide various forms of stimulus into their economies and their banking systems. We think this is an important foundation upon which consumer confidence will be built in future quarters.  Turning to some of our most recent business trends, when we look at MasterCard processed volumes and transactions through the first four weeks of April we saw the following. Cross border volumes reversed the declining trend we saw in the first three months of this year and stabilized at about flat. Clearly it is too early to estimate what impact the current flu crisis could have on cross-border travel. Going back to early 2003 there was an impact on our Asia Pacific business from SARS for a period of about 6-8 weeks. However, SARS had no material impact on MasterCard’s overall financials.  U.S. processed volume continued to decline at a slightly higher rate than what we saw in the first quarter which we believe is primarily due to current lower gas prices relative to April of last year. We need a few more weeks of data to better assess whether there are persistent, underlying signs of stabilization.  Process volumes for the rest of the world are still growing albeit at a lower rate than in the first quarter. Processed transactions continued to grow in the 7-8% range, a slightly faster pace compared to the first quarter of 2009, driven by more transactions in the United States relative to what we saw in the first quarter.  Moving on to the regulatory front, as many of you are aware we reached an interim arrangement with the European Commission about a month ago regarding our intra-regional, cross-border consumer interchange fees for the European economic area. We are pleased that the Commission has recognized the legitimacy of interchange fees and opened four party payment systems, but we still consider these levels of interchange too low. As you know, cross-border transactions count for less than 5% of our European volumes. We are continuing our appeal in the Court of First Instance against the Commission’s December 2007 decision.  This interim arrangement creates more clarity for the market and for SEPA allowing us to focus on our customers and to provide solutions that benefit the millions of European cardholders and merchants who rely on our cards and services. As they have publicly indicated, we expect the Commission will ensure a level playing field for all four party payment operators across the European payments market.  I will now turn the call over to Martina for a detailed update on our financial results and operational metrics. Martina? 
Martina Hund-Mejean :  Thanks Bob. Good morning everyone. Let me begin on page three of the deck. As Bob mentioned we delivered another solid quarter despite considerable headwinds. First quarter net revenues of $1.2 billion declined 2.2% over the comparable period last year. This decline was primarily driven by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange and higher rebates and incentives, partially offset by pricing, increased processed transactions and increases in other payment related services. Adjusting for the exchange fluctuations of the Euro and the Brazilian Real against the Dollar of four percentage points, net revenue grew 1.8% for the quarter on a constant currency basis.  The real bright spot is the work we have been doing on operating expenses which decreased 10.8% for the quarter. Foreign exchange contributed 2.9 percentage points to the decline. Our operating income was $561 million. While the slowdown of both the financial markets and the global economy has impacted our top line growth, we are seeing the results of our cost containment initiatives in the quarter resulting in MasterCard receiving a strong quarterly operating margin of 48.6%. This represents a five percentage point improvement over last year’s first quarter.  During the first quarter of 2009 we delivered net income of $360 million or $2.80 per diluted share. You might recall that during the first quarter of 2008 the company recorded gains from the sale of our remaining investment in RediCard which accounted for $56 million in net income or $0.42 of EPS. Without the impact of RediCard and excluding special items, first quarter EPS was $2.58 per share.  Therefore, on a constant currency basis, excluding the impact of both RediCard and special items we actually delivered net income growth of 13.8% versus last year’s first quarter.  I would also like to point out as we discussed in our last 10K filing, the company has applied the requirement of a new FASB provision related to unvested share based payment awards effective with the beginning of 2009. This has resulted in minor retroactive adjustments of earnings per share from prior periods which you may want to take into account for modeling purposes.  Turning to page four, during the first quarter the global diversification of our business continued to help us weather the cyclic downturn in the U.S. where the year-over-year decline in a number of our business drivers is most evident. Our business continues to generate healthy transactions and volumes on a local currency basis from economies outside of the United States. The secular shift from cash to electronic payment forms continues to provide strong growth opportunities as we see worldwide processed transactions and new card issuances increasing.  Worldwide gross dollar volume (GDV) was essentially flat at 0.3% on a local currency basis in the first quarter and declined 9.7% on a U.S. dollar converted basis to $550 billion. The deceleration in the overall local currency growth rate can be attributed to the U.S. where GDV growth declined 8% due to a double digit decline in credit. Across all other regions, GDV continued to grow at 7.7% on a local currency basis. However, that is a much slower pace than what we have seen either on a year-over-year or sequential basis.  GDV growth rates outside of the U.S. are lower on a U.S. dollar basis due to the strength of the U.S. dollar against most other currencies during the first quarter. Worldwide debit GDV grew 10.7% for the quarter. This compares to about 17.8% growth in worldwide debit in the first quarter of last year but is more in line with the growth on a sequential basis. In the U.S. debit GDV volume grew at 5.6%.  On a local currency basis, worldwide purchase volume was also relatively flat at 0.3%. Similar to the GDV trend, U.S. purchase volume declined 7.1% for the quarter driven by a decline in credit volumes. The decline in gas prices on a year-over-year basis accounted for approximately 40% of the decline in U.S. purchase volumes.  Growth of volumes were down 0.7% on a local currency basis or approximately 14% on a U.S. dollar converted basis. This was primarily driven by declines in the mid-teen’s for U.S. cross-border volumes. We saw a deceleration of growth in every other region but only in Latin America did we see volumes decline. Globally, cross-border transactions continued to grow in the mid single digits for the quarter.  Specifically for the U.S. while cross-border volumes declined, transaction growth was flat. From an acquiring perspective, travelers coming to the U.S. did spend less compared to the same period last year.  Looking now to processed transactions, they increased 5.8% compared with the year-ago quarter to $5.1 billion in the first quarter. In the U.S. and Europe, processed transactions grew at a mid single digit rate on both a sequential and year-over-year basis. In Asia Pacific, Middle East, Africa and the Latin American and Caribbean regions, processed transactions grew at double digit rates.  The number of MasterCard branded cards worldwide grew 4% to 967 million in the quarter and excluding the U.S. the rest of the world card issuance grew 12.1%. The majority of this growth was principally driven by the issuance of MasterCard debit and prepaid cards. As of March 31, 2009 there are approximately 1.6 billion MasterCard and Maestro branded cards issued.  Now let’s turn to page five. Early in April we announced that we were modifying our external presentation of our major revenue categories to better align with how management views the drivers of our business. Beginning this quarter we are reporting four major growth revenue categories; domestic assessments, cross-border volume fees, transaction processing fees and other revenue. We are also reporting one combined contra-revenue line for all rebates and incentives.  Historical information regarding the modified presentation of revenues is available on the IR section of MasterCard.com.  As we mentioned before, net revenue declined 2.2% on an as reported basis but grew 1.8% on a constant currency basis. Pricing contributed 4 percentage points to net revenue. Domestic assessment decreased 2.1% from the prior year primarily due to the impact of converting local currency volumes to the strengthening functional currencies which are used to calculate revenues. This was evidenced by GDV growth being flat on a local currency basis but declining 9.7% on a U.S. dollar basis compared to the prior year’s period. New pricing introduced in Europe in October 2008 partially offset the decrease.  Cross-border volume fees decreased by 11.3% versus Q1 2008. While cross-border volumes were essentially flat on a local currency basis, the declined by 14% on a U.S. dollar basis which impacted this revenue line. Increased European pricing partially offset the decrease.  Transaction processing fees increased 7.1% compared to the prior period primarily due to a 5.8% increase in processed transactions and other revenues such as foreign exchange gains on settlement activities. This increase was partially offset foreign exchange [inflation]. Other revenues increased 11.6% due to the increased user-pay fees such as our concierge cardholder services.  While there was some tempering in rebates and incentives due to lower volumes, this line item increased 6.6% primarily as a result of new and renewed deals as well as the favorable impact on rebates and incentives in the first quarter of last year when certain customer incentives were not paid out as a result of performance hurdles not being met.  Now we will turn to page six for some detail on expenses. We continued implementing a number of expense management measures as part of our commitment to a flat expense structure this year. During the first quarter total operating expenses decreased 10.8% despite taking a $19 million severance charge. Currency fluctuations of 2.9 percentage points contributed to the decline. Therefore, total operating expenses decreased 7.9% on a constant currency basis.  The decrease was mainly driven by the following. General and administrative expenses decreased 3% with currency fluctuations representing approximately 2.6 percentage points. On a constant currency basis G&A decreased 0.4%. The decrease was due to the following: Travel expenses decreased approximately 64% or $16 million on a year-over-year basis as a result of continuing cost reduction initiatives and professional fees declined by approximately 39% or $29 million during the quarter due to a significant reduction in legal costs and consulting expenses. Personnel costs for the quarter grew 1% due to a $19 million severance charge. Excluding the severance charges personnel costs declined 5.1%.  Now let’s turn to advertising and marketing spend which decreased by 35.4% versus the year-ago quarter as core marketing activities, priceless advertising and other media investments were scaled back in response to current market conditions and in keeping with our overall cost containment efforts. Additionally, MasterCard was able to take advantage of reduced media rates in certain countries. At the same time, we often obtained more prominent placement and coverage over the quarter. Approximately 3 percentage points of the decline related to the impact of foreign currency fluctuations.  Let’s move to the cash flow statement and balance sheet highlights on page seven. We generated $416 million in cash from operations and ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents and current investments of $2.3 billion. During the quarter MasterCard acquired a 33% interest in a joint venture with a core in France which will augment our private label capabilities. We also increased our investment in Strategic Payment Services, an Australian processing entity. We now hold a controlling interest in this entity.  Turning to page eight, the economic slowdown around the world continues to prove challenging for both us and our customers and we see no reason to change our short-term view of no improvement until 2010. From a revenue standpoint in 2009 we expect to fall below our minimum average annual growth rate performance objective of 12% on a constant currency basis due to lower volume growth. As you know, as part of our interim arrangement with the European Commission, some of the European pricing actions that took place in October 2008 representing about half of this quarter’s pricing contribution to revenues will be repealed on July 1 and will impact both the growth assessment and cross-border volume revenue lines.  With this repeal and other pricing actions implemented in April we currently expect to see at least 400 basis points in top line growth coming from pricing this year. Given the relative weakness on top line we have increased our scrutiny around managing expenses even more tightly. When looking at full-year 2009 we now expect to deliver flat to slightly down total operating expenses even when factoring in all potential severance charges for 2009.  We have not yet completed all of our work around right sizing following our reorganization back in January so while we are not able to give you a total anticipated amount of severance for the full year we do expect to record additional severance charges well in excess of the $19 million we took in the first quarter. We also expect the quarterly rate of depreciation to pick up slightly from the $31 million level we saw in Q1.  With respect to A&M spend, advertising and marketing expense, we expect full year 2009 to fall below full-year 2008 on both an as reported and constant currency basis. In terms of this year’s quarterly cadence of the spend, I would expect all three remaining quarters to be significantly higher than the $116 million we recorded in Q1 for advertising and marketing expenses.  We will continue to evaluate whether to make further adjustments to our expense structure keeping in mind our intention to invest wisely to protect future growth opportunities. We remain committed to our longer term performance objectives and do not intend to jeopardize them in order to deliver short-term results.  I will now hand it back to Bob to share some recent business highlights.  Bob? 
Robert Selander :  Before moving to the Q&A session let me share a couple of recent business highlights from around the world. Under difficult economic conditions we continue to readjust our plans and make sure we are aligned to meet the changing needs of our customers. As evidenced through the new agreements and partnerships we entered, our customers recognize us as an important partner and we are committed to delivering real value that will help them optimize their payments business.  As we mentioned last quarter MasterCard Integrated Processing Solutions (IPS), the debit and prepaid processing platform we introduced last year, continues to build momentum. Just this morning we announced a deal strengthening our partnership with Travelex, the world’s largest distributor of foreign currency prepaid cards. This new global processing and brand agreement is significant as it underscores the value of our IPS platform and the strength of our prepaid expertise and global brand.  In the U.S. we signed a multi-year signature debit contract extension with Fifth Third Bank to continue our brand relationship. Fifth Third, a MasterCard issuer for more than 25 years will continue to issue consumer and small business debit MasterCard cards as well as consumer, small business and commercial MasterCard credit cards.  Solidifying our long standing relationship with Bank of the West, we signed two new multi-year contracts that extend our commercial credit and consumer and small business credit relationships with the bank. In early March, Orange and Barclaycard announced the launch of new co-branded products and services including a range of mobile offerings where their customers will be able to use their mobile phones to pay for goods and services using contactless technology. We are very pleased that MasterCard will provide the payment capabilities for the transactions.  In addition to supporting Orange and Barclaycard with mobile payment capabilities there are a couple of other innovative products and solutions worth noting including the launch of the MasterCard ATM Hunter, the first in a series of applications that we are developing specifically for Apple for their iPhone and iPod Touch. Together with Blaze Mobile we introduced the Blaze Mobile MasterCard Paypass Mobile Payment sticker, enabling any mobile device to be used for tap and go purchases. This innovation has been noted by the Contactless Intelligence Industry Group as the type of development that may be the way to encourage movement towards large scale, near field communications implementations.  In partnership with Citi Cards Canada and Bell Mobility, in April we announced the completion of the first near field communications trial of mobile Paypass in Canada. This was the first trial in Canada to use Bell Mobility’s cell phone infrastructure allowing participants to make purchases using their mobile device at MasterCard Paypass acceptance locations across Canada.  Finally, earlier in the quarter we announced we had issued more than 50 million Paypass devices globally. As of March 31 there are nearly 55 million Paypass cards and devices usable at more than 146,000 merchant locations worldwide.  In summary, whether it is through the innovative products and solutions we offer or our unmatched advisory and information services, we are making payments easier and more efficient for everyone involved. I will now turn the call back to Barbara so we can begin taking your questions. 
Barbara Gasper:  We are now ready to begin the question-and-answer period. In order to get to as many people as possible in our allotted time frame, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question with one follow-up and then queue back in for additional questions. Can we please start the Q&A session? 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Andrew Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. 
Andrew Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Can you talk a little bit about the trends you are seeing in assessments? I know you mentioned they were a little bit higher this quarter; the rebates were a little bit higher than you would have anticipated. Is there new business that you won that contributes to volume as the year goes on or are we going to see a little bit of a lag by which those rebates start to moderate with the decline in volume that you have seen? 
Martina Hund-Mejean : I think I have talked a number of times about it. That is probably one of the line items that is more difficult to really forecast. Obviously with where the volume trend is you typically would see some moderating on a one-for-one basis on the rebates and incentives line. But we happen to have actually a very good trajectory from a business point of view and we are, as you heard this morning, signing new deals and we are also obviously renewing some business and that will be a counter effect because you obviously have to take what we are doing there on rebates and on incentives into account in our financials.  So, net/net I think it is probably one of the more difficult lines to call. 
Andrew Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: But it sounds like you feel pretty good about your share position as a consequence to some new business signings? 
Martina Hund-Mejean :  That is really not how we are looking at it. Share is just one input but really what is important to us is to sign profitable business and that is what we are more interested in. 
Andrew Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Just to clarify on pricing it sounds like the 4% gain from pricing this year is a little bit better than what you had been contemplating around your 2% long-term goals. Is that a little bit of a step up in your expectations? 
Martina Hund-Mejean :  That is true. As we got our hands around some of the pricing actions that we are putting into the market we feel more comfortable that this will be a good zip code for the rest of the year, the at least 400 basis points. Albeit, I just want to remind everybody I would not be expecting that kind of number going forward. I think in general we would be pulling back to on a normal steady state basis we should be seeing about 200 basis point contribution to our net revenues. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Moshe Katri – Cowen and Co. 
Moshe Katri – Cowen and Co. : Can you comment on EPS growth for 2009? I think you made some commentary on that in previous quarters. Looking at credit card usage given the trends impacting this area can you touch base on the recent changes in consumer behavior in terms of using credit cards? Are consumers still using credit cards for large purchases, etc.? 
Martina Hund-Mejean :  First of all, we don’t really talk in EPS for growth. We are talking in terms of net income growth. As you have seen for our first quarter if you excluded special items that we had in the first quarter of 2008, if you exclude for the RediCard proceeds or gains we had in the first quarter of 2008 and if you adjust on a constant currency basis our net income growth was 13.8% and that is obviously below our 20-30% long-term performance objectives we had laid out some time ago. Our advice for 2009 we said we would likely be coming in lower than that.  If you tell me where the economy is going to go we can tell you a little bit more in terms of what our expectations would be. I would think that the first quarter and how we were able to navigate through what is happening on the top line versus what we were able to do from an operating expense and margin point of view that is probably a pretty good analysis in order to extrapolate how we might go through the rest of the year. It very much depends on how the economy not only in the U.S. but also the rest of the world will be performing. 
Moshe Katri – Cowen and Co. : On the second question about credit card usage? 
Robert Selander :  Let me make a couple of comments there. If you take a look at the quarter in terms of the credit and charge programs purchase volume in the U.S. was down nearly 14%. In the rest of the world purchase volume grew a little over 7%. Clearly the impact we are seeing in the U.S. is much more dramatic thus far than we are seeing in the rest of the world. I think if you take a look at sort of the staging of the cycle and take a look at some of the issuing reports that have come out in the first quarter we have seen a slow down in acquisition programs. We have seen increases in delinquencies and of course in charge offs. Virtually all of our issuers were reporting similar levels of reduction year-over-year in terms of the purchase volumes on their U.S. card base. I think what we are seeing is the reality in what is going on in the economy play through our numbers.  Having said that if you look at the various categories that I mentioned in terms of the first few weeks of April, we haven’t seen a turn around in the U.S. volumes during the month of April. What we have seen is transactions continue to grow year-over-year and I’m not talking about total MasterCard. I don’t have it at my fingertips the mix of debit and credit but total transactions do continue to grow. We are looking forward to obviously seeing the stimulus begin to have some impact later in the year and I think that is probably the earliest we will be able to tell you more about what is going to happen in terms of the performance on credit as compared with credit and debit combined. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Craig Maurer – Calyon Securities. 
Craig Maurer – Calyon Securities: I had a question on your comment regarding April being worse than the just reported quarter. That seems to be in contradiction to what your largest competitor said the other day where they said that April was an improvement over the March quarter with credit remaining stable in terms of the downturn year-over-year. I was wondering if you could give us a little more detail on your April comments. 
Robert Selander :  I don’t have a lot more detail other than what I have already shared. From the standpoint of cross-border that was flat pretty much with what we had seen in the first quarter. Again, we don’t know what impact if any we will see in the rest of this quarter as a result of what is happening with the flu. The U.S. volumes I mentioned in April continued to decline year-over-year. In fact the decline was slightly higher than what we had seen in the first quarter. I did, as you know, caveat that with the dramatic change in the price of gasoline in the U.S. where it is down about 40% year-over-year from the comparable period last April. If I recall correctly, gas is about 6% of our volumes. I think it is about 15% of our transactions.  The rest of the world also was showing slower growth in the first quarter in terms of volume. First quarter was about a little over 8% purchase volume growth so we have seen a slight slow down from that. On the other hand, in total the processed transactions we have seen are up. So what we see is people continuing to use it but the average ticket size continues to come down so transaction growth was up 7-8%. To the degree those are the shoots of spring starting to poke through because that is up from the 5.8% in the first quarter. We think it is too early to call the spring. We are waiting for how things play out over the next several weeks. 
Craig Maurer – Calyon Securities: One follow-up, regarding Europe, SEPA and everything that is going on there, it seemed to me that if one assumes the U.S. is cyclical the real focus for MasterCard and big opportunities should be focusing to Europe as the year moves on. With the economic conditions what they are in Europe and the likelihood that Europe has a more prolonged downturn than the U.S. and with the EC mandating specific items in their recent release that would require the banks in Europe to implement new IP systems, it would seem there is a lot of motivation to not invest in something like Monet right now and new IP systems. My question is, would you believe the current conditions provide additional incentive with SEPA deadlines looming for European banks who own local processing schemes to view MasterCard more favorably as the SEPA compliance solution considering the Maestro penetration in the countries within the EU? 
Robert Selander :  Would you like to come help sell with us? That was a good pitch. Thank you! Just a couple of thoughts. Europe is struggling as well. I mentioned the unemployment data there, the most recent data I recall was the February data where it was 8.5% similar to what we see in the U.S. for March. I guess Spain is up in the 17% range and they are talking about it hitting 20% over the course of this year. So Europe is struggling economically and many of their financial institutions have significant challenges with regard to capital and they are going through the same things that are happening with our customers here in the U.S.  So I don’t really bifurcate the U.S. and Europe. I sort of look at the same things playing out perhaps on a slightly different time table. So I’m not optimistic that Europe is going to be a lot better in the next quarter whereas I think perhaps by early 2010 the U.S. will be. It is not clear on Europe. Specifically on SEPA and the European Commission, I mentioned in my comments we reached an interim agreement or a cease fire with the European Commission which recognizes the principle of interchange and we hope that provides a little more comfort to the financial institutions how the regulators are going to approach this so we don’t sit there with a thought well interchange, which is a fundamental balancing mechanism that is essential for development and the continued strength and growth of the payment system, they don’t have to worry as much about that principle being challenged any more. So that was one of the reasons we thought that was an important agreement to reach.  If you put those two things together and I think the second one gives you a little more comfort on incentive. On the other hand the economic environment continues to challenge customers and they are pacing their investments in everything whether it is their IP systems, or their marketing programs. They are doing the same kinds of things we see institutions doing here in the U.S. So I think that is going to continue to drag things out a little bit and it also does, I think to your point, make it a lot easier for them to take what they already have on 300+ million cards in Europe, the Maestro brand, and treat that as the solution to ensure that they are SEPA compliant and competitively positioned favorably with their other financial institutions with whom they compete for consumer and merchant business. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Anurag Rana – Keybank Capital Markets. 
Anurag Rana – Keybank Capital Markets : Bob, any update in Europe as it relates to the release to the domestic countries looking at interchange because of what the decision that was taken was on cross-border? 
Robert Selander :  As you know many of the best of regulators are looking at interchange. What we have tried to do and I think most financial instutions have tried to do with their domestic regulators is to say hey why don’t you wait until this European Commission appeal plays through in the Court of First Instance. If you do look at what has happened over the last several years, the two regulatory decisions that were challenged in the courts both were reversed and both were reversed in favor of financial institutions and the principle of interchange. I am referring both to the Office of Fair Trading in the U.K. where the competition tribunal reversed their decision and also more recently late last year in Poland where a Polish court threw out the competition authority ruling against interchange in Poland.  So we can’t confirm this will happen but what we are encouraging domestic regulators and our financial institution colleagues are encouraging the regulators is hold on a second. The decisions that have been taken along very similar lines of principle by two domestic regulators have been overturned in the courts and it is not clear how this interim agreement will fare once it does get to the court as MasterCard gets its appeal in the Court of First Instance. 
Anurag Rana – Keybank Capital Markets : As a follow-up, you mentioned that operating expenses would be flat to slightly down. They were down about 11% in the first quarter. Just it seems a bit conservative given the amount of reduction we have seen in ad and marketing in the first quarter we shouldn’t expect a little higher reduction in operating expenses for the full year. 
Martina Hund-Mejean :  In particular for advertising and marketing for the first quarter we printed a number of $116 million and you can just take basically what we spent on A&M last year. Obviously those numbers will be down but nevertheless for the next three quarters you can expect advertising and marketing expenses will be significantly higher than the first quarter. That is one of the things you have to take into account. When you look at the general and administrative line that is down but what we are saying, and that is a change from before, we will be basically as part of the whole operating expense reduction we will be able to basically cover any of the potential future severance expenses we are still expecting we are going to have come through the P&L. So I think you have one covering the severance expenses. Two, we might be slightly down. I think when you put all that together and in terms of seeing how we try to really work between the top line and the bottom line in the first quarter I think that probably gives you a pretty good roadmap for the rest of the year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan. 
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: First I just want to ask about cross-border. The flat local volume growth was basically in line with our view but we significantly underestimated the FX impact. Martina can you give us some help on the currency mix here? Or rule of thumb on major currencies we need to translate for this revenue line item? 
Martina Hund-Mejean:  That is really hard to give a rule of thumb for that one. If you can appreciate we are pretty much exposed to almost all currencies in the world. Our major fraction of currencies are the U.S. Dollar, the Euro as well as the Brazilian Real of course. Most of our revenues that we charge locally are charged on a local currency basis and then converted versus the functional currency. As you see the movement of those currencies versus the U.S. dollar as well as versus the Euro that is a major impact. The impact was not as large in prior quarters but for this quarter was significantly large and that is why you are seeing I think for the first time ever to quote a first quarter number on a U.S. dollar basis and not only on a local currency basis. Otherwise, you would probably not be able to really explain what is going on in the prior quarter fee line item that is running through our revenues. 
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: I guess we should assume the same kind of path assuming no change obviously unless we have seen another mix within the quarter. Is that fair to assume? 
Martina Hund-Mejean :  Yes. Mix plays a little bit sometimes. Let me just, in terms of overall revenue if I can just pull you back to the P&L so neg revenue impact if we were to stay at current rates, like at leveraged rates we had for the first quarter you saw we had a 4 percentage point on net revenues and that is pretty much what you would expect for the rest of the year as a headwind assuming we have those rates stabilizing at those levels. 
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: Just as a follow-up, on the expense side what kind of savings do you expect from the severance actions taken in the quarter? Also just as a follow-up with Amex being down over 40%, Visa down 9% and you down 35% can we expect ad and marketing spending to be down comfortably double digits for the rest of the year assuming no change in the environment? 
Robert Selander :  I’m going to comment on the ad and marketing and let Martina pick up on the other points. In terms of the ad and marketing obviously we are looking forward to seeing the economy and some things begin to improve. As I have mentioned, I don’t think that is happening. As we sit here we can’t say that is happening in the second quarter but we certainly would expect that the stimulus and the amount of money particularly in the U.S. but in other markets in the world that is going to start to work its way in the second half. As that happens, we have I think adequate advertising marketing capacity in our thinking to be able to respond to that and as Martina mentioned we would expect this would be a low point for the year this first quarter and that we would see a significant growth in marketing spending going through the rest of the year.  Now if we don’t see that happening then that would clearly temper and cause us to rethink whether or not we want to make those investments or not. Many of those are being done with customers. If some customers say no I don’t want to do a promotion then obviously we are not going to do that. Right now, there is a level of expectation on our part that as things get better we will be increasing our marketing spend. We have benefited as have all other advertisers and marketers from reductions in the cost. So we are getting more bang for our buck. As things snap back, we expect as other advertisers return that may not be the case as it is in many of the markets around the world although in a couple of markets ad and marketing costs are actually up year-over-year.  I hope that helps on the ad marketing. 
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: When you say up you mean relative to Q1 right? 
Robert Selander:  Yes. 
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan:  Martina you were saying about severance actions and the savings expected? 
Martina Hund-Mejean :  Just on the severance actions and I am not even going to comment for the first quarter related to the $19 million but when you calculate the pay back year-over-year on that it is just shy of two years because given it is the actions for the first quarter and then you have a [inaudible] pay back gives you pretty much a good view of what you can model. I am not going to comment on what you might be doing in the future simply because we are still working on how exactly that will look like and as soon as we can comment on it we will of course. 
Operator:  The next question comes from James Kissane – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
James Kissane – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Bob just following up on the question regarding advertising and marketing. In a normal environment what do you think the right level is maybe as a percentage of revenue based on your sense of returns on advertising and marketing? 
Robert Selander :  We don’t know. We don’t use a mindless ratio of 30% or whatever of revenue is what your advertising and marketing should be. It will vary from market to market. It depends on the state of our brand in a given market. If we have been there for years and have high awareness and have good advertising recall and positive consumer and merchant sentiment towards the brand then you wouldn’t need to invest as much in a similar market that didn’t have those things in order to establish yourself. So when we are looking at our marketing spend we are looking across all of the markets that we operate in the world. We are also looking at more than just media. We are looking at promotional and sponsorships. Most of our sponsorship deals are deals that have been signed for multiple years. Those are formed better description fixed in the short run from a spending standpoint. Variability is principally in the media area and to the degree there are utilization of sponsorships through promotions that also provides another dimension of variability.  As we see things improve we want to take advantage of those opportunities and it will vary market by market and customer by customer as to when and how that happens. But we anticipate with the recovery in the economy and consumer spending that we are going to want to go in there and promote our brand and product and it will vary as a percentage of revenues depending on the stage of the development, the nature of the opportunity in each individual market. 
James Kissane – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Just given some of the consolidation in the issuer market when do you expect a resolution on some of that portfolio with contracts in play? For example, Wamu? Would you think that is a 2009 event? 
Robert Selander :  I expect that will be a 2009 event. There are various agreements that come up both here in the U.S. and other parts of the world over the course of the next year and our customers as we do like to get those things lined up in anticipation of, let’s say the current agreement ends at the end of this year, we will be working with our customer to try and get those things aligned during the course of the summer in the third quarter so we are not all sitting around on New Year’s Eve wondering what is going to happen. That is normal business as usual practice. When we know something about a particular deal and a customer has agreed we will share it with you much the same way as we have shared this morning reminding you about the Fifth Third deal and I guess we released the information about Travelex which was signed this morning as well. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Jason Kupferberg – UBS. 
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Last quarter I believe you said you needed high single digit constant currency revenue growth to get to the 20-30% net income target specifically for 2009 unless you were to take some additional cost actions. Can you just update us on that construct? I know you aren’t point guides for 2009 per se but just your thought processes around those relationships between top line growth and net income growth. Also as part of that if you could clarify whether that 20-30% includes or excludes severance? 
Martina Hund-Mejean :  Our long-term performance objectives of 20-30% net income growth has always excluded severance. We never have that in there. When we actually made the comments for 2009 in terms of that we would have to be in the high single digits net revenue growth in order to produce the bottom line objective that was assuming that our operating expenses were flat. Again, that does not include any potential severance charges.  Now, to the extent we can obviously cover the severance charges within that flat operating expenses and if to the extent we actually come in below or lower than flat on operating expenses of course you would have probably reduced your high single digit metrics for net revenues. It can throttle back and forth. Do the numbers given that we gave you quite a bit to model it but that would be the natural conclusion. 
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: So the number you gave for the quarter in terms of constant currency and net income growth, the 13-ish% I think you mentioned, did that include severance? 
Martina Hund-Mejean :  Yes that did. 
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: So what would that be if you excluded the severance since that is kind of apples-to-apples versus the 20-30%. Correct? 
Martina Hund-Mejean :  It was $19 million pre-tax so you are going to have to take the taxes. $15 million of tax. So that was about a 3-4%. 
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: So you really wouldn’t have been that far below the 20-30% on an apples-to-apples basis? 
Martina Hund-Mejean :  Correct. 
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Lastly, a bigger picture question. Recognizing that unemployment is obviously one of the more important metrics impacting your business and if we are still 3-4 quarters away from seeing unemployment ceasing does that mean from your perspective credit and volume trends probably haven’t topped yet? Or should we not necessarily draw that conclusion since the year-over-year comps I believe should start to get easier in the second quarter going forward? 
Robert Selander :  First, on the last comment I’m not sure the comparisons get easier in the second quarter. I think the comparisons will only really get easier in the fourth quarter because if you go back and you look, things were going along pretty well at least from a consumer standpoint and then that weakened September and the Lehman, AIG, etc. which was roughly mid-month around the 15th of September that is when we started to see like a wake up call to consumers. Hey there is something going on here. We started to see the year-over-year deterioration in growth occur in the fourth quarter. So I think the comparables will be easier in the fourth quarter rather than the second and third.  From a standpoint of unemployment there are two dimensions here. There is unemployment and there is spending. Clearly as people lose jobs they are less able to spend. I have no reason to believe that the economists who have suggested unemployment will continue to rise through the first quarter and get up to circa 10% I have no reason not to believe that is likely to happen based on any of the indicators I am seeing. So that is a downward impact.  On the other hand, the stimulus and some beginning improvement in consumer confidence and the stability we have seen in prices particularly down in the commodities areas, gasoline is a great example of that one, that will encourage some spending we expect as we proceed into the year. We would look to see that spending offset if you will in the unemployment impact over the course of the next couple of quarters or at least we hope it would. Then we get a better comparable for the fourth quarter. 
Jason Kupferberg – UBS:  So I guess bottom line, a little too soon to say if buying metrics have [inaudible]. 
Robert Selander:  I think that is exactly how I would summarize it.  I think that is it. I think we are done. Barbara let me make a couple of comments in summary here. Despite the current economic realities we delivered a solid first quarter. The current market environment has led to softening in our revenue line but we have taken considerable cost reduction actions to deliver a strong operating margin. We will continue to position ourselves to ride out these challenging times and remain focused on ensuring that we are well positioned for longer term growth.  I look forward to sharing more of our thinking at our upcoming investment community event on May 13th. Thanks for your time today everybody. 
Operator:  Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Gasper – Investor Relations Robert W. Selander – President & Chief Executive Officer Martina Hund-Mejean – Chief Financial Officer Tara Maguire – Corporate Controller
Analysts: Julio C. Quinteros – Gold Sachs & Co. Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan Andrew Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Craig Maurer – Calyon Securities David [Cox] – Buckingham Research  Jason Kupferberg - UBS Chris Brendler – Stifel Nicolaus & Co.  Analyst for Wayne Johnson – Raymond James Chris Mammone – Deutsche Bank Securities  
Operator: Welcome to the Q4 2008 MasterCard earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to turn the call over to Barbara Gasper, Group Executive, Investor Relations. Please proceed Ma’am. 
Barbara Gasper:  Good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining us today either by phone or web cast for a discussion about our fourth quarter and full year 2008 financial results. With me on the call this morning are Bob Selander, our Chief Executive Officer; Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer and Tara Maguire, our Corporate Controller. Following comments from Bob and Martina highlighting some key points about the business environment and our fourth quarter and full year results we will open up the call for your questions.  This morning’s earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website www.MasterCard.com. The earnings release and slide decks have also been attached to an 8K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one week until February 12th.   Finally as set forth in more detail in today’s earnings release I need to remind everyone that today’s call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release as well as contained in our recent SEC filings.   With that I will now to turn the call over to Bob Selander. 
Robert Selander: Good morning everybody. I would like to start out by saying I am pleased we have been able to deliver another strong quarter of earnings results. We saw net revenue growth of over 14% despite the headwinds from the strengthening U.S. dollar and improved our operating margin by approximately 22 percentage points versus the year-ago quarter.  We have seen the economic downturn hit consumers and businesses alike but our business model and global diversity provides a good degree of resilience in this environment. I would like to take a few moments to discuss our view of the global economy, our fourth quarter results which Martina will take you through in more detail and then offer some comments about our capital structure.  I am on slide two in the material. Turning first to the economy, as a result of the current economic turbulence the world is facing significant challenges which can only be addressed with time. The U.S. recession continues with low consumer confidence due to a difficult housing market impacting net worth and rising unemployment now putting more stress on household incomes.  The economic issues are not limited to the United States. We are seeing government bailouts and economic stimulus packages from the U.K. to China to the Netherlands. We are seeing banks in several countries being, or close to being nationalized. We expect the climate to remain challenging in 2009 and we are not counting on any improvements this year.  Although precise timing is something no one can predict we continue to expect that things will begin to improve in 2010 depending on the stabilization in the housing markets, the specifics and timing of any stimulus packages and the resulting impact on consumer confidence and employment.  While we are not immune from the global economic problems we are fortunate to be part of an industry that offers opportunities for growth due to the continued secular trend of people moving away from cash and checks to electronic forms of payment. Of course certain countries are particularly hard hit but we still see tremendous growth opportunities in many other countries around the world.  In the fourth quarter we saw the following: In the U.S. gross dollar volumes and transactions for credit declined while debit still grew in the mid single digits. We continued to experience volume and transaction growth in Europe in the mid to high single digit range and none of the major countries in that region have yet dipped into a decline.  While Latin America’s growth was in the low double digit area overall due to declines in Mexico and Venezuela, Brazil continues to be a bright spot with solid double digit growth. In addition, our South Asia, Middle East, Africa region is also still experiencing significant growth.  Consistent with the October data we shared with you in our last earnings call, cross border growth continued to decelerate in November and December and grew at only 7.5% for the quarter compared to 27% for the year-ago quarter. It is also down sequentially from 18% in the third quarter of 2008. U.S. cross border volume saw declines in the low teens while the rest of the world experienced growth.  When evaluating MasterCard process volumes and transactions through the first four weeks of January we saw the following: Worldwide processed volume in January was essentially flat. Cross border growth continued to decelerate in January but was still positive despite further declines in the United States. It is important to note that worldwide processed transactions were up slightly driven by a pick up in the United States relative to what we saw in the fourth quarter.  While we cannot control some of the issues that are pressing on the economies around the world we are focused on the things we can control such as effective management and prudent investment of our resources and we continue to remain committed to controlling our overall cost base. As you have seen in our fourth quarter numbers we were able to deliver a 1.4% decrease in G&A expense primarily through initiatives that resulted in travel and entertainment expenses that were down 50% year-over-year and professional fees that were down almost 20%.  Similar to 2007, we had some severance charges in the fourth quarter of 2008. In these most challenging of economic times we continue to better align our capabilities to meet our customers’ needs as well as ensure that we continue to innovate and deliver in ways that position us for the future. Based on internal and external feedback that we have received we have made recent organizational changes to ensure that we are delivering in a more efficient and cost effective manner to our customers.  We are focusing in particular on the United States and Western Europe while still continuing our investments in the emerging markets and innovative products and services offerings. As a result, you can expect to see additional severance charges in the first quarter and perhaps in the second quarter of 2009 but we are not yet in a position to size that expense.  Electronic payments remain vital for commerce around the world. Consumers and businesses will still spend. While the current economic climate will likely continue to put pressure on volume growth in many countries around the world the secular shift from cash and checks to electronic payments will continue given the push for greater efficiency and effectiveness. Our business model, geographic diversity, the work we are doing with our customers and merchants around the world and the continued secular trends should enable us to better navigate these challenging times.  Just a few words about our thoughts on capital structure. We continue to believe that at this point a strong balance sheet with a good cash position and positive operating cash flow is the right place to be. It creates a level of comfort in these tough economic times and provides flexibility should we see attractive investment opportunities such as our recent Orbiscom acquisition. As you know our Board continuously evaluates our capital structure and supports maintaining our strong position. Earlier this week our Board approved a regular quarterly dividend as well as a conversion program for 2009 of up to 11 million class B shares which would if fully subscribed bring the class B ownership to just above 15% of total shares outstanding.  With that I will now turn the call over to Martina for a detailed update on our financial results.  Martina? 
Martina Hund-Mejean:  Thanks Bob and good morning everyone. As Bob mentioned we are very pleased to cap off 2008 with strong fourth quarter financial results. Turning to page three of the slide deck in the fourth quarter we delivered net revenue of $1.2 billion, up 14.2% over the comparable period last year. This was driven by growth in process transactions, moderated rebates and incentives as well as fees for other services.  Additionally, pricing changes contributed approximately 8 percentage points to revenue growth. Currency fluctuations of the Euro and the Brazilian Real relative to the U.S. dollar tempered our revenue growth by 3.5 percentage points. On a constant foreign exchange basis net revenue growth was 17.6%. Excluding a special item of $6 million related to the settlement of a Consumer Protection case in California that was an offshoot of our U.S. merchant litigation, our operating income was $468 million.  This resulted in a strong operating margin of 38.2% which is a 22.2 percentage point improvement over last year. The combination of our strong revenue growth and effective cost management has enabled us to leverage our operating margin. As you know, our operating margin is typically the lowest in the fourth quarter due to seasonal factors.  [End of quarter] effective tax rate was just over 46% in the fourth quarter of 2008 versus 34.9% in the comparable period in 2007. The increase was primarily due to early measurement of deferred tax assets as increased FIN48 tax reserves. In the fourth quarter we delivered net income of $243 million or $1.87 per diluted share excluding the special items.  Turning to page four, during the fourth quarter the global diversification of our business has helped us weather the cyclical downturn in the U.S. Our ability to generate significant volume, transactions and revenue from economies outside of the United States has cushioned our business from the decline that we experienced in the U.S. Worldwide gross dollar volume (GDV) grew 3.4% on a local currency basis in the fourth quarter but declined 4.7% on a U.S. dollar converted basis to $605 billion. The lower GDV growth rates are due to the strength of the U.S. dollar against most other currencies during the fourth quarter. The deceleration in the overall local currency growth rate can be attributed to the U.S. The GDV growth declined 5.2% due to negative credit growth.  Worldwide debit GDV however grew 10.7% for the quarter. U.S. debit GDV grew 5.8% which was a slower pace of growth than the 15.9% from the same quarter in 2007. Elsewhere GDV continued to grow at healthy rates for every other region on a local currency basis although at a much slower pace than what we had seen either on a year-over-year basis or on a sequential basis.  Although not shown on page four, on a local currency basis worldwide purchase volume was up 3.1%. Similar to the GDV trend, U.S. purchase volume growth rate declined 4.6% for the quarter driven by a decline in credit volume. Fourth quarter volume grew at 7.5% for the quarter versus 27% in the fourth quarter of last year. We experienced exceptionally strong cross border growth during the fourth quarter of 2007 making this a very difficult comp to beat. Therefore, the results are more positive than the absolute number implies given the current global economic turmoil.  While travel patterns remained largely the same on a year-over-year basis the only significant changes we saw were fewer Latin Americans traveling to the U.S. and an increase in intra-regional cross border travel within Latin America. With cross border growth decline low double digits during the quarter was more than offset by growth in other regions principally in Europe and in SEMEA.  European cross border volume growth remained strong and remember that a majority of the European cross border volume is generated on an intra-Europe basis and consumer cross border volume growth moderated somewhat but we still saw strong double digit growth in our commercial cross border volumes.  Turning to processed transactions, processed transactions increased 6% compared to the year-ago quarter to $5.5 billion. Even in the U.S. processed transactions grew at low single digit rates. Therefore we are still seeing the secular trend of people moving away from cash and checks to electronic forms of payment.  Let’s turn to page five. Here you see that net operation fees increased 16.5% to $966 million in the fourth quarter. Gross operation fees increased 13.2% to about $1 billion. This growth was driven by two factors. First, banking changes implemented in January 2008 on cross border acquiring volumes and some European pricing initiatives implemented this past October. Second, the growth in processed transactions and fees for other services partially offset by volume declines that translated into U.S. dollars.  In the fourth quarter net operation fees were 92.4% of gross operation fees, slightly higher than the same quarter in 2007. This was due to a decline in rebates as a result of lower volume and adjustments for previous estimates. Since we won’t be filing our 10K until later in February we have included the quarterly operation fees detail for your reference in Appendix B to the slide deck.  On page six we show that net assessments increased 6.1% to $259 million versus the fourth quarter of 2007. Gross assessments increased 6.3% to $604 million primarily due to pricing and increased revenues as a result of growth in debit cards worldwide. The overall growth was partially offset by lower volumes when translated into U.S. dollars.  Assessments as a percentage of gross assessment was essentially flat compared to the same quarter 2007. The normal seasonal up tick in fourth quarter rebates and incentives as offset this year because of lower volumes and adjustments for previous estimates.  Now we will turn to page seven for some detail on expenses. We have continued implementing a number of expense management measures as part of our commitment to a flat expense structure going forward. During the fourth quarter excluding special items total operating expenses decreased 16%. Currency fluctuations of two percentage points contributed to the decline. Therefore, total operating expense decreased 14% on a constant FX basis.  The decrease was mainly driven by the following: General and administrative expenses decreased 3.4% with currency fluctuations contributing approximately two percentage points. On a constant FX basis general and administrative expenses decreased 1.4%. The decrease was due to the following: Lower personnel costs accounted for 3.3 percentage points of the G&A decrease and were about flat on a constant FX basis. Travel expenses decreased approximately 50% as a result of cost reduction initiatives implemented during the fourth quarter. Professional fees also declined by approximately 20% during the quarter due to a reduction in legal costs and consulting expenses. Advertising and marketing spend decreased by 32.8% versus the year-ago period with approximately 1.9 percentage points related to the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. On a constant FX basis, therefore, A&M decreased 30.9% for the quarter.  We have included the quarterly general and administrative expense details for your reference in Appendix B.  Turning to page eight, let’s take a quick look at our full-year performance which was once again impressive. We delivered net income of $1.2 billion or $9.45 per share on a diluted basis and excluding special items. This includes $0.42 per share from gains on the sale of the remaining portion of our investment in Redecard.  We achieved full year net revenue of $5 billion representing growth of 22.7%. Excluding the 2.5 percentage point effect of FX, net revenue growth was 20.2%. Pricing adjustments contributed approximately six percentage points to the growth. Net revenue growth was also driven by strong growth in gross dollar volume and processed transactions including cross border volumes which grew for the whole year at 16.6%.  Finally, we saw our full year operating margin improve 11.7 percentage points to 39% from 27.3% excluding the special items in both 2008 and 2007 respectively.  Moving to the cash flow statement and balance sheet highlights on page nine, after litigation payments of more than $1 billion we still generated $413 million in cash from operations and ended the year with cash, cash equivalents and current investments of $2.1 billion. The impact of 2008 litigation settlements resulted in decreased stockholder equity as well as increased litigation liabilities and deferred tax assets.  Additionally, the impact of the Orbiscom acquisition is reflected in our year-end 2008 balance sheet and cash flow statement.  I will now hand it back to Bob to discuss our outlook for the year and share some recent business highlights.  Bob? 
Robert Selander:  There is no reason to assume that the economic slow down across the world will improve for the balance of this year. The global financial markets are undergoing unprecedented change that certainly impacts our industry and we are positioning ourselves for these changes as detailed on slide number 10. When looking at 2009 we continue to expect the following:  Net revenue growth will likely fall below the average annual range of 12-15% that is in our longer term objectives. While we intend to invest wisely for long-term growth we have demonstrated our commitment to manage expenses more tightly. Our total operating expenses are expected to be essentially flat versus 2008.  We will use the levers that we have in G&A and advertising and marketing prudently and appropriately depending on the economic environment and our customers’ needs. As I said on our last earnings call we expect to meet our longer term objectives of annual margin expansion of 3-5 percentage points and average annual net income growth of 20-30% this year as long as we see high single digit revenue growth.  If revenue growth falls below this level we would need to evaluate whether to make further adjustments to our expense structure also keeping in mind our intention to continue making appropriate investments for future growth. Remember, all of our objectives are on a constant FX basis so our as reported numbers will include any impact of foreign exchange.  Given the relative strength of the U.S. dollar we expect that foreign exchange will present a headwind for the revenue and net income lines this year and a tailwind on the expense line. Our longer term performance objectives also assume an effective tax rate of 35%. We remain vigilant about the economic developments that affect both our customers’ businesses and consumer spending patterns and we will continue to evaluate our objectives as we move through 2009 and adjust them as appropriate.  Finally, while our business model may not experience the growth trajectory we have seen over the last few years we feel both fortunate and optimistic with the business prospects ahead of us. We believe this will continue to deliver attractive results for our shareholders.  Before moving to the Q&A session, I would like to share with you some of our recent business successes from around the world. In addition to achieving strong fourth quarter operating results we remained focused on delivering best-in-class products and services to our customers. We made solid strides in opening up new growth opportunities that leverage our unique processing capabilities and solutions, enhanced our strong position in pre-pay and despite the challenges that they face we continue to be recognized by our customers for the value and partnership we provide as we were awarded with new opportunities and agreements for continued growth.  We recently announced a new partnership with global retail leader Carrefour in France launching the first MasterCard exclusive branded cards incorporating Pay Pass technology and combining debit and credit payment applications on a single card. This agreement includes our full suite of domestic processing capabilities.  Likewise, MasterCard integrated processing solutions (IPS) the debit and prepaid processing platform we introduced in 2008 continues to build momentum with the signing of another customers. Swiss Bankers became the first financial institution to take advantage of the global prepaid transaction processing capabilities of IPS and we hope to have more news to share with you on the IPS front in the near future.  Together with MasterCard the Italian Postal System launched the first National Government Benefits Disbursement Program in Italy using MasterCard branded prepaid cards. With the addition of Poste Italiane our leadership in the prepaid public sector continues to grow.  We continue to expand our efforts to provide global remittance services that leverage our global network to extend financial services opportunities among banked and un-banked customer segments. In November we launched MasterCard Money Send in association with the Development Bank of Singapore. The cross border remittance service enables consumers in Singapore to send money via the Internet to friends and family in Indonesia, India, Malaysia, the Philippines and Thailand. With MasterCard Money Send we are enabling our issuing banks to access new customer segments and offer payment products as well as other banking and financial services in developing markets.  In India Citi Bank launched the first MasterCard Premium Debit program in South Asia targeting high net worth individuals and senior executives in large corporations.  In summary, as evidenced through our accomplishments in the fourth quarter we are committed to leveraging the strength of our global network, processing capabilities, strong relationships and our product development platform in order to drive results for our issuers, acquirers and other partners around the world.  I will now turn the call back over to Barbara so we can begin taking your questions. 
Barbara Gasper:  Thank you Bob. We are now ready to begin the question-and-answer period. In order to get to as many people as possible in our allotted one-hour timeframe we ask that you limit yourself to a single question with one follow-up and then queue back in with additional questions. Operator?
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Julio C. Quinteros – Gold Sachs & Co.
Julio C. Quinteros – Gold Sachs & Co.: I wanted to just sort of hit one quick thing on the cross border commentary. If you could just rehash what you said there about the volumes there coming out of January so I can make sure I got that right. Also, related to that how to think about some of the cross border pricing benefits as you think about 2009. When should those anniversary and just any other color you could provide on the cross border side would be helpful. 
Robert Selander:  Let me go back to the cross border. I am trying to recall specifically what you are referring to. The January volumes and transactions that I mentioned which were through the first four weeks in the month of January we saw worldwide process volume that was essentially flat for the same period the prior year. Remember, this is what we see that is processed. It does not include the gross dollar transactions and volumes that we do not process. We think it is a pretty good indicator.  Cross border growth continued to decelerate in the month of January although it was still positive. We have seen the U.S. continue to decline. What that means is individuals who have cards from U.S. financial institutions are not traveling and I think you probably have seen that in some of the airline statistics and data that is released through other sources in the U.S. marketplace.  I think it is important to note and I believe I also mentioned this that worldwide processed transactions were up and that was driven by a slight pick up in the U.S. relative to what we have seen in the fourth quarter in terms of processed transactions. 
Julio C. Quinteros – Gold Sachs & Co.: Lastly, all of your guidance is constant currency just to confirm that, right? 
Robert Selander:  That is correct. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan. 
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: I was hoping to get a clarification and I also have a question. It sounds like you still expect 3-5 point of margin expansion of 20-30% as long as high single digit revenue growth is there for this year but just to confirm there wasn’t any point guidance on revenue growth for 2009? 
Robert Selander:  That is correct. 
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: Assuming current trends persist, I am actually not going to ask about volumes and revenue but I guess really on rebates that was sort of a little bit a delta from what we expected. It was better than we expected. Can you give us some guidance on how that might trend assuming current volume trends persist and also how does FX impact this rebate line? 
Martina Hund-Mejean :  Let me take that. First of all in the fourth quarter as you already said we saw some moderating in the rebates and incentives line and some of that was due to lower volume growth that we had in the fourth quarter. However, we also had some adjustments to prior estimates so you also have something in there that is maybe more of a one-time nature. In terms of 2009, if volumes continue to be the way they were in Q4 I think you should see a little bit of moderating on rebates and incentives although not to the extent you saw in Q4. I don’t think this is a linear trend. It is going to be just a little bit of an impact.  In terms of foreign exchange we are not really talking about the rebates and the incentive line separately from a foreign exchange point of view. I think I laid out at the last earnings call kind of a rule of thumb that you might be able to use particularly as it relates to our Euro exposure. I am referring back to for every $0.01 move in the Euro our net revenues are impacted by about $8-9 million. Our operating expenses are impacted about $4-5 million so we have a net $3-4 million on the operating income line. When you translate all this, maybe I can be a little bit helpful for you to think about 2009 the Euro is now at $1.33 or $1.35 range versus the U.S. dollar. If you translate all these rules we probably are going to expect a headwind assuming that the dollar stays where it is of around four percentage points for the year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Andrew Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. 
Andrew Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Could you comment a little bit Bob on pricing environment particularly in the U.S. with respect to what is happening at the issuer level and the pressure that your big issuers are facing? Also as a follow-up could you comment on what your view would be of the risk to your business associated with potential nationalization of a big issuer? 
Robert Selander:  A couple of thoughts on pricing, I believe we have indicated to you that in order for us to realize year-over-year improvements in pricing we need to deliver improved value to our customers and that equation hasn’t changed. From the perspective of what is going on within the U.S. clearly all of our customers are feeling stress. If you take a look particularly on the credit card side of the business we have seen significant increases in delinquency and charge offs occurring. We do not expect that trend is going to abate so we think our customers are going to continue to have an all-hands on deck approach where they try to maximize what they get in their current customers and work very hard on the credit and collections side of the equation.  We think that is going to persist throughout the year. As a result we have been sort of reshaping our thoughts as far as how we serve those customers and we do not expect that we are going to see a buoyant acquisition program or some of the things that we may have seen in past years return in the course of 2009. Our competitors, in addition to the customer expectations, continue to make pricing challenging in the U.S. marketplace.  The second part of your question was speculation of what happens if there is a nationalization of large U.S. issuer. I don’t know that there is any model that anybody can look at. I think it has been pretty clearly stated by a lot of people on Congress and others in the administration that they are not looking to nationalize banks. They are looking to support banks to help them restore the U.S. economy. So that is not something we currently are thinking about other than in the context of what we have seen when banks have run into difficulties. For banks it is a pretty straight forward regime in terms of what happens if a bank runs into challenges. We have seen that with the FDIC and other agencies in terms of the relatively smooth, I would describe it, handling of the ongoing obligations of those institutions and the continuation of those programs on which consumers and businesses are dependent.  We would much rather have all of our customers thriving so we are going to just have to tough it through and help them tough it through these next challenged quarters. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Craig Maurer – Calyon Securities. 
Craig Maurer – Calyon Securities: The first question I had for you is could you comment on the average ticket you saw or the impact you saw in the fourth quarter on your average ticket size and if you can quantify the impact the cash pricing had or characterize it a little bit? 
Martina Hund-Mejean :  Average ticket prices in the U.S. as well as for the rest of the world have decreased slightly though we did definitely see an impact while we saw the consumer transacting more as you can see from a transaction growth point of view, average ticket price in particular has gone down. It has gone down some slightly.  What was your second question related to? 
Robert Selander:  In terms of what happened with gasoline as you know in the U.S. gas prices are down dramatically from where they were a year ago. Gasoline represented about 6.5% of our U.S. volume and about 15% of transactions during the fourth quarter. If you were to make adjustments for year-over-year change in gas price, gasoline would have increased slightly as a percentage of volume. On the other hand those prices were down dramatically. 
Martina Hund-Mejean :  Just to build a little bit on Bob’s comment on gas, when you see our purchase volume in the U.S. being down by 4.6% probably around, not probably but definitely around 25% of that decline was due to lower gas prices. 
Craig Maurer – Calyon Securities: One follow-up, it was something that Visa said last night that I thought maybe you could also characterize for us, in terms of the comment that percentage of volume driven by debit or pay in full type customers that aren’t revolving it was a question around what would the impact be from dramatically lower option to buy credit lines in the U.S.? 
Robert Selander:  I’m not sure I fully understood that. 
Craig Maurer – Calyon Securities: The question is around what would the impact be if open credit lines were cut dramatically in the states. It was characterized in the answer by the percentage of volume that is driven by customers that pay in full and don’t revolve or debit driven convenience usage type customers. 
Robert Selander:  I think that is a reasonable thing. If a consumer who would have otherwise been spending has their line capped that is obviously going to affect that cohort of customers. What we have seen is the decline in credit purchases has been in bigger ticket items; furniture, higher priced over $1,000 types of things, electronic goods, etc. We saw that right through the holiday shopping season and those year-over-year declines have persisted. I would argue that consumers are also being more disciplined. They either are experiencing challenging times and are foregoing things that they might liked to have had, i.e. a brand new big screen TV or whatever it might be and they are paying for basics.  I think there are a lot of factors that converge there but I think one you mentioned could be and probably is one of those contributing factors. 
Operator:  The next question comes from David [Cox] – Buckingham Research. 
David [Cox] – Buckingham Research:  Could you give us a little more color for the outlook for price increase benefit over the next year? Should we continue to expect sort of 6% year-over-year benefit? 
Martina Hund-Mejean :  As we have said in the past, we are really only making pricing adjustments if it will deliver particular value propositions to our customers. If you can appreciate in this kind of environment where our customers are having very challenging times we are going to be extremely careful and it has to be completely directly tied to what kind of product and service we will give to them. We have laid out there in the past the terms of what we think our normal, annual pricing adjustment which is in the 200 basis points range and at this point in time that is still where we are. This is a very challenging time and we are going to have to deliver in order to be able to do something like that. 
David [Cox] – Buckingham Research: Another way to ask it is just how much of what we saw this quarter will continue or anniversary in October or later in the year? Sooner in the year? 
Martina Hund-Mejean :  As you know the majority of our price increases were in January of 2008 so all of that has anniversaried at this point in time and we made some pricing adjustments in Europe in October and obviously that would be then anniversarying next October. 
David [Cox] – Buckingham Research: Could you give us some color on the change in spending growth on world cards versus basic cards? Much of a noticeable change in consumer behavior? 
Martina Hund-Mejean :  We have really not seen any big differential on that other than what Bob has mentioned in terms of where people are spending on high ticket items. We really don’t see a lot of spending on that. It is really on items below $1,000. It seems to be that $1,000 threshold is still significant. The other thing we have seen an impact obviously on travel. You can see that travel volume is pretty much down. You see that on our network too. Interestingly enough transactions are up because when you go and travel on an airline these days you get charged for all sorts of wonderful extra things such as checking in, checking bags, actually getting a bottle of water on the airplane, etc. so we are seeing those kinds of trends going on. 
David [Cox] – Buckingham Research: So it is really just for pricing too? The airline ticket price is down and that is driving volumes? 
Robert Selander:  No I think the observation is, regarding your specific question, we are seeing an across the board change in consumer spending patterns. If you were to take a look at the so called luxury end retailers they have had even more significant declines, 15-20% types of year-over-year sales declines as compared with the more day-to-day operators, supermarkets and so forth. That is occurring across all sorts of cards. If you look at consumer travel, airline and hotel are down also in the order of magnitude 10% year-over-year in terms of dollars spent. That cuts across obviously consumers as well as the commercial corporate card products.  I think Martina’s observation was related to the fact that even though the dollars being spent on airlines are down, transactions continue to be strong relative to other categories and relative to what we would have otherwise expected given the dollar volumes and that is because there are more transactions occurring around a flight. So individual buys a ticket for $500 winds up also buying a bag check for $20 on their card. So suddenly you have two transactions where we only had one before. 
David [Cox] – Buckingham Research: I guess I was just still getting at the fact that prices may be down more than 10% as well on that ticket so you are getting more transactions and still being affected. 
Robert Selander:  It is increasingly difficult for us to parse the data given the incidents now at least in the airline category of these smaller ticket transactions coming through. We used to be able to make a very good call on how much was price versus volume. It is getting more challenging now because we have to sort out certain transactions that aren’t actually ticket related. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Jason Kupferberg – UBS. 
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Just a quick clarification before my question. The EPS headwinds from the higher tax rate it seems like you would have gotten another, if I’m right, $0.20 to $0.30 of EPS upside not for the abnormal tax rate. Is that accurate? 
Martina Hund-Mejean:  Yes. Presume you used the calculation versus a rate of 35% and yes as you can appreciate we had a number of significant items that not only came through in the quarter but for the whole year. We needed to make the adjustment and that is why Bob had mentioned in his remarks that for next year you should really be thinking of a tax rate around 35% again. 
Jason Kupferberg - UBS: Understanding you don’t give point guidance for 2009 specifically maybe we can just talk about scenarios. If the January volume trends that you observed stay essentially unchanged for the balance of this year how should we then think about what the implications would be for top and bottom line growth? 
Robert Selander:  I’m sitting here musing about that. I guess I observe based on what we saw in January it will be a challenge to get to the high single digit top line growth that we mentioned would be necessary for us before taking other actions to achieve both the operating margin and net income growth rates that we have suggested we would like to be achieving over time. That means we are working hard on creating flexibility and options as it relates to where and how we spend the money should that situation either persist or worsen over the course of the year. 
Unknown Speaker:  I think Adam has a follow up. 
Adam [No last name given]:  A quick question on the cost side, a really good job in the fourth quarter. If you needed to go more than just being flat with 2008 could you do so? The second part of that is when things do come back on the top line and reaccelerate and the trends are better are the costs you have cut out do they disappear or do some of them get added back once the volumes start to pick up again? 
Robert Selander:  There are two parts to that question. Let me take the first one in terms of could we be better than flat. Again, let’s stay with constant FX because obviously we get benefits on the expense line as the dollar strengthens whereas it is a headwind for us on both revenue and net income. From my perspective we are trying to build, if you will, an array of scenarios. While we have one, that is the one we are currently managing against, we recognize it could get better or it could get worse and to the answer I gave to the previous question we are trying to find ways to create more flexibility. So think of that as yes we are trying to find ways that we could be better than flat.  One of the trade offs that we are constantly making is how much are we potentially foregoing or penalizing the future. Obviously if there is a dollar that is being spent that doesn’t need to be spent or a Euro that doesn’t need to be spent regardless then that goes. But the one that we think has a good business case around it as we look through the challenged 2009 we see things not only stabilizing but improving in 2010 those are the kinds of things we are constantly running into as we go through this process.  At the end of the day, we do not want to penalize our future by mindlessly whacking away at those things we think are valuable for improving performance both for our customers and shareholders in the future. 
Martina Hund-Mejean :  With respect to the second part of your question we are not looking at the deferral of costs. We are really looking at things we would be taking out in a sustainable way for the efficiency of the company and the things you have been seeing in terms of what we are doing on travel and entertainment expenses and we are doing on professional fees we actually are doing in the procurement area, for instance a meter of media rates on the market side, etc. those are all contributing factors to what we might be able to achieve.  Before we move on to the next question I would like to just clarify a comment I made a little earlier today related to the question on foreign exchange. I put out there a number in terms of what kind of headwind we might be expecting in 2009 if the U.S. dollar versus the Euro exchange rates were to be staying at about today’s levels and the number I put out there was 4% of net revenue headwind. I just want to be clear that everybody understands that. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Chris Brendler – Stifel Nicolaus & Co. 
Chris Brendler – Stifel Nicolaus & Co. : Can you talk at all about the mix of spending between discretionary and non-discretionary and what happened in the fourth quarter and do you possibly get some of that back in the first quarter with less holiday spending? Also, on a related topic did you see any evidence of consumers switching away from your products to go back to cash to help their holiday budgeting and potentially that impact may go away as you get less holiday spending in the first quarter? If you could address a couple of those trends if you could please. 
Robert Selander:  On the discretionary/non-discretionary I think that trend has persisted in terms of consumers managing their finances in a way that they are buying the things they need to feed their families, get themselves to and from work and so forth and they are clearly cutting back on things they might like to have but at this point in time don’t feel comfortable spending on. We have already mentioned the slow down year-over-year in the larger ticket items and I think you also see that to some extent in the decline in credit and charge based spending in the U.S. as compared to the continued growth in debit.  If you look at the volume reduction in credit the reduction on cash is much more significant and you can see that in the attachment to the press release where year-over-year cash growth fell quite considerably in the U.S. on credit and charge programs. That relates to things like balance transfers. Obviously ATM and other activity would also get lumped into that number. It is principally because of the slow down in the account acquisition programs we are seeing in the U.S. credit markets.  The second thing was is there some counter-secular movement back to cash. I don’t believe there is any evidence shown of that given our continued growth in transactions and as I mentioned the January data in the U.S. showed year-over-year transactional growth persisting. We are just about to start going through our spending pulse which covers all categories for January but I believe we will confirm that as it continues to move toward card electronic based transactions. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Analyst for Wayne Johnson – Raymond James. 
Analyst for Wayne Johnson – Raymond James: The acquisitions of Washington Mutual and Wachovia what percentage of revenues or transactions did they compose and have those acquisitions had any impact or will they on your domestic portfolio? 
Martina Hund-Mejean :  First of all we really don’t give any customer related information on our revenue detail. From that perspective I can’t really help you. 
Robert Selander:  I think the way you should think about it is both of these firms are still going concerns and I expect that JP Morgan Chase with WaMu is going to try and keep as many of those customers as they can while seeing the benefits of consolidation on the expense side. The same game will be played out by Wells Fargo. Clearly the Wachovia branch network is very complementary as it is more of an East Coast branch network than the existing Wells footprint. We look forward to working with both of these players. Washington Mutual, as you know, is an extremely important debit customer of ours. JP Morgan Chase is an extremely important credit and debit customer of ours. So what we now have is a bigger and even more important customer in both of these transactions. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Chris Mammone – Deutsche Bank Securities. 
Chris Mammone – Deutsche Bank Securities: I guess we won’t get the K until later in the month. Any update on the interchange litigation? Any change in some of the key milestones on class certification or I guess discovery at this stage? Anything to call out there? 
Robert Selander:  In terms of the timeline on the U.S. interchange case, fact discovery was essentially completed during the month of November. That was pretty much wrapped up. There have been briefings taking place on class certification during the month of January. The court has not scheduled any oral argument to my recollection with regard to the class motion. We expect this is going to play out over the course of the next several months and we believe that expert reports will be coming in the month of May from the plaintiffs and our expert reports will come in the course of the late second or early third quarter.  At this point in time there is no trial date that has been set. So we expect this case is going to be persisting through this year and well into 2010. 
Chris Mammone – Deutsche Bank Securities: Could you just remind us what percentage of profit or volume doesn’t involve U.S. consumers? 
Martina Hund-Mejean :  I think we have, I’m not sure we actually put out numbers there. What we have said is more than half of the cross border volume we have comes from Europe. That is about the specificity we provide. 
Chris Mammone – Deutsche Bank Securities: That is just intra-Europe? 
Martina Hund-Mejean :  Both intra-Europe and outside of Europe but obviously a significant portion of it is intra-Europe. 
Operator:  This concludes the question-and-answer portion of today’s call. I would now like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks. 
Robert Selander:  I’d like to just say thank you all for joining us again today. We think we had a very strong fourth quarter. We also recognize that there are major challenges that our customers and consumers are facing around the world so we have a heightened emphasis on creating flexibility for the company as we look forward and in doing so we hope that will not only give us better performance as we move into future years but also perhaps identify some special opportunities for the company.  We appreciate your joining us. Now we are all going to get back to work. Thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you for your participation in today’s conference call. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. 
 and are :
Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.:
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S : If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Gasper – Investor Relations Robert W. Selander – President & Chief Executive Officer Martina Hund-Mejean – Chief Financial Officer Tara Maguire – Corporate Controller
Analysts: Julio C. Quinteros – Gold Sachs & Co. Charles Murphy – Morgan Stanley Adam Frisch – UBS Gregory Smith – Merrill Lynch Moshe Katri – Cowen & Co. Anurag Rana – Keybanc Capital Markets Craig Maurer – Calyon Securities Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan Christopher Brendler – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Sanjay Sakhrani – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Patrick M. Burton – Citigroup 
Operator:  Welcome to the third quarter 2008 MasterCard earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today’s call, Miss Barbara Gasper, head of Investor Relations.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you for joining us today either by phone or webcast for a discussion about our third quarter 2008 financial results. With me on the call today are Bob Selander, our Chief Executive Officer; Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer; and Tara Maguire, our Corporate Controller. Following comments by Bob and Martina highlighting some key points about the business environment and our third quarter results we will open up the call for your questions. Today’s earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website www.MasterCard.com. These materials have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier today. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one week until November the 10th.  Finally as set forth in more detail in today’s earnings release I need to remind everyone that today’s call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release as well as contained in our recent SEC filings.  With that I will now to turn the call over to Bo Selander.
Robert W. Selander: I’d like to start out by saying how proud we are that in the current economic situation we have been able to deliver another strong quarter of earnings results. We saw net revenue growth of over 23% and I’m particularly pleased that we were able to post a 41% operating margin for the quarter an 8.4 percentage point increase over last year excluding our litigation settlement. However it is the economic situation that everyone is interested in. I’m going to leave the discussion of our third quarter results to Martina and begin by focusing on what we’re seeing in our business. The current economic crisis is like no other that we’ve seen. When we faced the last economic downturn in the United States we saw employment begin to rise, housing was driving the recovery, the financial institutions were in good shape, the financial markets were functioning and there was very limited commodity inflation. In some ways this time around there are fewer economic and financial levers to be pulled and over the last month we have seen unprecedented coordinated and structured responses from governments and central banks around the world resulting in a large scale intervention into the financial markets and institutions. As credit markets have tightened and fears of recession spread the last several weeks have been challenging for everyone, our customers, you as investors and for us. The concerns about a global economic slow down have had an impact on spending around the world primarily by the consumer. We recently saw that US Conference Boards Index of Consumer Confidence fell to an all time low since the measurement began 40 years ago. US GDV fell by .3% in the third quarter and consumer spending fell by the same .3% in the month of September. Housing prices continue to fall in the US, UK and Spain and all of this has led to sharply declining equity markets. We’ve also seen unbelievable banking industry consolidation and the nationalization of others and we’re seeing trends in our US business that until now we have not seen. You have heard us say in previous public forums that our business was holding at levels roughly equal to our second quarter gross volume dollar growth through July and August. This continued through early September but turned downward in mid-September following announcements such as Lehman’s bankruptcy, Merrill Lynch’s buyout and several bank mergers or bailouts both here in the United States and abroad. For the third quarter our total global gross dollar volume grew 12.3%. During the month of September worldwide processed volume growth our intra-quarter proxy for gross dollar volume was high single digits on a local currency basis. US growth was in the low single digit range. In the month of October we have seen a pronounced weakness in the US where are our process volumes were slightly negative versus last year. On a global basis our processed volume growth was in the mid single digits on a local currency basis. Cross border volume growth has also been slowing globally. For the third quarter we saw growth of 18%. Through the first four weeks of October cross border growth was in the high single digits. The decline has been primarily driven by a marked slow down in cross border volumes from US cardholders as Americans are cutting back on travel and cautiously spending if they do travel. From our perspective we’re seeing thoughtful and significantly reduced spending among our financial institution customers. They’re shifting their focus away from marketing, account acquisition and system enhancements towards retention and credit loss management activities. We’re supporting their efficiency and optimization efforts. We’re leveraging the strengths of our brands, technology, product innovations, people while emphasizing the balance of intelligence and insights, risk management and cost management best practices. For example customers are particularly interested in our data analytics and benchmarking capabilities. We anticipate these challenges continuing for the remainder of 2008 and into 2009. While we are fortunate to be part of an industry that offers tremendous opportunities for growth with the secular trends away from cash and checks we are not immune from the world’s economic problems, our customers’ challenges and the increased competition we face. As are most companies we continue looking for ways to control expenses as we navigate through these difficult economic times. We are using resources in a more thoughtful and efficient manner while trying to ensure that we remain well positioned for future growth. We have significantly ratcheted up our focus on our cost structure while making the investments necessary for future growth. For instance we have established a hiring cap essentially eliminating all open positions. We are also tightening up on contractor expenses, reducing travel expenses and spending with suppliers and consultants. I’d like to stress that our global structure, the diversification of our business and our solid business model are resilient. We are not directly exposed to consumer debt so we don’t have the risk of consumer credit write offs. Also it’s important to consider that we do business in 210 countries and territories and over 50% of our revenue is generated outside of the United States. As we move forward we continue to focus on supporting our customers as they address the needs of their businesses while we develop our pipeline of new business opportunities. We were already on the ground in emerging markets with the local capabilities to deliver our global product and service propositions. Payment trends are working in our favor, people all over the world continue to migrate toward electronic payments. The biggest opportunity still lies in cash and checks. On the legal front we recently reported that we reached a settlement in the Discover litigation. I’m pleased that this settlement has closed another chapter with respect to our legacy litigation cases. Under the terms of the settlement we will pay Discover a total of $862.5 million later this month. In the third quarter we recorded a pre-tax charge of $827.5 million. This includes receiving a payment of $35 million from Morgan Stanley and the total after-tax charge was $515.5 million. Before turning the call over to Martina I’d like to provide you with some initial thoughts about our outlook for 2009 which are summarized on Slide 3. We are still completing the work on our 2009 budget. However, when thinking about next year there are two items I’d like to highlight for you now. First, we expect that our net revenue growth will fall below the average annual range of 12% to 15% that is in our longer term objectives. Second, we are planning to hold operating expenses essentially flat over 2008 levels. We still need to invest wisely for long term growth while managing our expenses aggressively. I already mentioned some of the cost containment and reduction initiatives. In summary for 2009 we would expect that high single digit growth would be necessary in order to meet our margin expansion objective of three to five percentage points per year and average annual net income growth of 20% to 30%. Based on the recent strengthening of the US dollar we expect that foreign exchange will be a headwind for us on the revenue and net income lines keeping in mind that the same phenomenon results in a tailwind for us on the expense line. This is the reverse of what we’ve seen over the past several years. We are holding to our longer term performance objectives. Currently visibility beyond 2009 is difficult but we will continue to work towards those objectives over the longer term and we are pulling all the levers we can as we drive the organization to achieve them. Remember that our longer term objectives are based on constant foreign exchange rates. Also while we feel very fortunate and comfortable with the growth prospects of our business model the changes that are taking place in the financial markets globally are unprecedented and have certainly not been expected by anyone. As we gain more clarity about these forces we will continue to evaluate our objectives and adjust them if appropriate. With that I’ll now turn the call over to Martina for a detailed update on our third quarter financial results.
Martina Hund-Mejean: As Bob mentioned we are pleased with our overall third quarter results. Turing to Page 4 of the slide deck in the third quarter we delivered net revenue of $1.3 billion up 23.6% over the comparable period last year. This was driven primarily by strong growth in worldwide gross dollar volume and processed transactions as well as cross border volume, currency fluctuations of the Euro and the Brazilian Reais relative to the US dollar contributed 3.5 percentage points of the net revenue increase resulting in underlying business growth of 20.1%. Pricing changes contributed approximately five percentage points of the revenue growth in the quarter. As Bob discussed we have taken a one time tax effective charge of $515.5 million for the Discover litigation settlement in the third quarter which we are treating as a special item. Because the settlement will be paid as a lump sum later this month there is no interest accretion that needs to be considered for modeling purposes. With respect to the American Express settlement that was reached in the prior quarter we have already told you about the $23 million in interest accretions which is not considered a special item. This represents about $0.11 per diluted share in the third quarter. Excluding the Discover settlement total operating expenses grew at 8.3% or $60 million to $790 million. We continue to demonstrate the leveragability of our business model by delivering operating income of $548 million excluding the litigation settlements. In 2008 we have consistently and significantly our operating margin delivering 41% in the third quarter an 8.4 percentage point improvement on a year-over-year basis. While strong revenue growth has enabled us to leverage our operating margin combined with some efficiencies related to an accelerated company wide cost containment and reduction program. We delivered net income of $322 million or $2.47 per diluted share excluding the special item in the third quarter. Including the litigation settlement we recorded a net loss of $194 million or a loss of $1.49 per diluted share. Turning to Page 5 we continue to benefit from the global diversification of our business with our ability to generate significant volume transactions and revenue from economies outside of the US. Worldwide gross dollar volumes grew 12.3% on a local currency basis in the third quarter and 14.8% on a US dollar converted basis to $662 billion. While the local currency growth rate is very similar to the GDV growth rate in the same quarter a year ago the US experienced slower growth offset in Asia-Pacific, Canada and Europe. Although not shown on Page 4 on a local currency basis worldwide purchase volume was up 13.3%, also slightly lower than the growth rate in the comparative quarter last year. Cash volume growth was 9.5%. Total US gross dollar volume growth was 4.7% and US purchase volume was higher at 6.6%. US debit for GDV continues to grow at a healthy 15.3% versus third quarter growth last year of 12.1%. Total US credit GDV growth declined by 1.3% but credit purchase volume grew at 1.5% for the quarter. Therefore the decline in overall US credit GDV was driven by negative cash volume growth as US issuers significantly reduced balance transfer acquisition campaigns. This is the second consecutive quarter of negative cash volume growth due to reduced convenience check usage and balance transfer activities which do not generate significant revenue for us. Cross border volume which is generated from cardholders who travel outside of the country where their card was issued was up 18% over the comparable quarter last year. This rate of growth was slightly lower than the growth rate of 19.2% for the third quarter last year. On the whole travel patterns remained fairly consistent on a year-over-year basis and we saw no significant change with the exception that there was less US travel to Europe but US cardholders increased their travel to other markets. Overall strong European cross border volume growth did offset lower growth in the US and a majority of the Europe cross border volume was generated on an intra-Europe basis. This pattern is consistent with the same quarter last year as Europeans traveled closer to home during the summer. While we’re still seeing healthy double digit growth rates for both consumer cross border volume grew at a somewhat slower pace than a year ago and commercial cross border growth accelerated. Processed transactions or the transactions processed across MasterCard’s network increased 13% to $5.4 billion in the third quarter compared with the year ago quarter. Net revenue yield which was 20.2 basis points in the quarter versus 18.8 basis points in the third quarter of 2007 was driven primarily by pricing. On a sequential basis the increase was primarily due to higher revenue for authorization settlement and switch revenue and cross border revenue. Let’s turn to Page 6, here you can see that net operation fees increased 25.8% or $204 million to $996 million in the third quarter.  Gross operations fees increased 24.8% to about $1.1 billion. This growth was driven by two factors, first the growth in processed transactions, gross dollar volume and cross border volumes that I’ve previously described on Page 4. Second, new pricing changes implemented in January of this year on cross border acquiring volumes and on retail purchases in the US by non-US cardholders. In the third quarter net operation fees were 90.8% of gross operation fees slightly higher than the same quarter in 2007 due to the slower growth in rebates than gross revenue growth as a result of customer performance. On Page 7 we show that net assessments increased 17.5% to $342 million versus the third quarter of 2007. Gross assessment increased 15% to $604 million due to strong GDV growth of 14.8% on a US dollar basis. Net assessments as a percentage of gross assessments improved slightly to 56.6% due to timing and terms of non-gross dollar volume based incentives. Finally when looking at full year 2008 total net revenue growth we expect to exceed the 15% upper limit of our longer term revenue growth target assuming minimal changes in current exchange rates. Please turn to Page 8 for some detail on expenses. During the third quarter excluding the special item total operating expenses increased 8.3% of which 2.4 percentage points were related to currency fluctuations. This increase was mainly driven by the following, general and administrative expenses increased 14.1% of which two percentage points were related to currency fluctuations. The increase was the following, higher personnel costs accounted for eight percentage points of the G&A growth and was primarily driven the hiring of new personnel over the last 12 months and increased contractor costs. Three percentage points of the G&A increase was due to foreign currency transaction losses mostly due to the strengthening of the US dollar and higher professional fees primarily consisted of legal costs to defend outstanding litigations accounted for a further percentage point of the G&A increase. For the full year 2008 we expect G&A growth to approximate the third quarter year-to-date growth rate of 13.6%. As Bob mentioned earlier we are making significant changes in order to maintain an essentially flat expense structure going forward. In response to the current economic climate we have continued implementing a number of expense management measures such as eliminating open job reqs, reducing contractor spend and reducing travel and consulting expenses. In fact we saw a 20% saving in T&E expenses over the third quarter last year. While we had a slight increase in advertising and marketing expenses of 1.1% approximately three percentage points of this increase was due to foreign exchange. So excluding the impact of foreign exchange advertising and marketing expenses declined on a year-over-year basis. For the full year of 2008 we expect that our total advertising and marketing spend will be down versus what we spent in 2007. Previously we said that we expected 2008 spend to be flat relative to last year. Moving to the cash flow statement and balance sheet highlights on Page 9 we generated $388 million in cash flow from operations during the quarter and $931 million during the nine months through September 30, 2008. Even after our first payment of $150 million to American Express in the third quarter we ended the quarter with $2.8 billion in cash, cash equivalents and current available for sale securities. We have a number of balance sheet accounts that are impacted by the settlement with Discover such as our accounts receivable for the $35 million payment from Morgan Stanley and an increase in tax receivables and prepaid expenses. The lease on our St. Louis facility and related off balance sheet arrangements will change in 2009 by MasterCard repaying $149 million in debt. This item has been re-classed from long term to short term in the quarter. In conjunction with this payment during the first quarter of 2009 we will record the building as an asset on our books. I will now hand back to Bob to discuss some recent business highlights.
Robert W. Selander: Before moving to the Q&A session I would like to share with you some of our recent business successes from around the world. In addition to our strong top line performance we remain focused on delivering best in class products and services to our customers. We continue global expansion of our credit and debit products and our acceptance channels including mobile phones and public transportation systems. We are happy to announce a new partnership with Barclaycard launching the first Barclaycard MasterCard commercial proposition targeted at UK small businesses. We are very pleased to continue building our relationship with Barclaycard. Likewise we continue to expand our relationship with Chase in the United States with the recent launch of the Chicago Bears Debit MasterCard. All new and existing Chase personal checking customers in Illinois are now eligible for this program. We continue our tradition of innovation with mobile payments which goes back five years when we first piloted the use of contactless payments on mobile phones. Earlier this year we announced our Mobile Money Send capability delivering person-to-person mobile payment service to MasterCard cardholders. Just last week we announced another competitive first, our over-the-air provisioning service. This service allows over-the-air personalization of cardholders’ mobile devices in an easy, one step process. This will enable mobile devices to perform payment transactions at merchant location with PayPass enabled terminals. In Italy we announced a strategic partnership with Telecom Italia to develop PayPass enabled mobile phones. We signed a deal with HSBC for a co-branding partnership with Woolworth’s Australia’s leading supermarket retailer to provide PayPass enabled cards to the retailer’s customers. In Europe we continue to see slow but steady progress on the SEPA front. Over the past two years we have concluded business agreement with approximately 30 banks across the Sapa area for their debit card business adding to our already strong European debit position. As a result the majority of European debit cards are now branded with either Maestro or MasterCard. With banks taking a more gradual approach towards Sapa by maintaining local schemes longer than the end of 2010 co-branded cards will be in the market longer than originally foreseen. We are making progress in unlocking the domestic debit business with acquirers and merchants now able to route domestic transactions across our network. We continue to see an increase in domestic processing of Maestro transactions. For example earlier this year I told you that we were processing roughly 14% of all domestic transactions in Italy. That figure is now approaching 17%. While other countries are less mature in processing domestic transactions we are beginning to see domestic Maestro volumes over our network in Belgium, The Netherlands, Luxembourg, France, Portugal, Germany and Ireland where before we only saw cross border transactions. In summary I’d just like to reiterate how pleased we are with being able to deliver a great third quarter with over 23% revenue growth and a 41% operating margin. We are seeing slow downs that are affecting our customers and we expect some challenges over the next few quarters as we work through this unprecedented economic environment. However we are still confident in our business model and will continue to make the necessary investments to fund future initiatives while being mindful of making our cost structure even more efficient. It is this combination that will position the company to continue to deliver growth over the longer term. I’ll now turn the call back over to Barbara so we can begin taking your questions.
Barbara Gasper: We’re now ready to begin the question-and-answer period and in order to get to as many people as possible in our allotted timeframe we ask that you limit yourself to a single question with one follow up and then queue back in for additional questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Julio C. Quinteros – Gold Sachs & Co.
Julio C. Quinteros – Gold Sachs & Co.: Real quickly two things, both on pricing opportunities and headwinds as you guys think about the longer term trajectory. Can you just sort of spell those out in terms of what you are expecting on both fronts, pricing on the one side and then fx on the other?
Martina Hund-Mejean : Let me take that, in terms of the pricing opportunities, as you know this year we were fortunate enough to have about 5 percentage points impact on our top line from additional pricing that we were able to take in the market due to the kind of value propositions that we are actually delivering to customers. We did say in the past that we believe that pricing opportunities exist in the future albeit it is completely connected to what kind of value we are delivering to customers and as you can appreciate in this kind of economic environment we’re certainly going to be very carefully evaluating what kind of pricing actions we will take. However, from what we said in the past, our view on pricing remains to be the same. So, at this point in time we are really not having a change in thought on that. From a foreign exchange point of view, foreign exchange is obviously a moving parameter. You can see that in terms of our top line growth we are always calling out what kind of foreign exchange impact we had. For this quarter it was 3.5%. Maybe it’s helpful if I can give everybody a guideline in terms of how to look at our foreign exchange impact. Maybe what I do is I really hinge it towards the Euro dollar relationship. So, let me lay this out for you, for every $0.01 of move in the US dollar to Euro relationship so for instance if, and these are always number but for instance the US dollar instead of taking $1.50 to purchase a Euro, it’s only $1.49 to purchase a Euro so every $0.01 the impact on our top line for the whole year would roughly be $8 million to $9 million. With that you have about 80% of our foreign exchange exposure captured. We are also exposed to the Brazilian Real and a number of other currency but we pretty much have 80%. Now, in addition to that I would like to add to the guideline that obviously we also have an impact on our operating expenses and that would be an offsetting impact. So, with the appreciating dollar you have headwinds on the revenue line but you would have tailwinds on the operating expenses and for that the guideline I would say is about $4 million to $5 million so in operating income you roughly can see for that $0.01 change for the whole year would be able $3 million to $4 million. With that hopefully you can make your assumptions where you think foreign exchange rates will go.
Julio C. Quinteros – Gold Sachs & Co.: Just to clarify, the mid single digit growth for 2009 to get to the 20%, that is just what it would require to get to that 20%, that wasn’t the actual number that you guys were targeting to for 2009, is that correct?
Martina Hund-Mejean : In fact, what we said is that we needed high single digit growth for 2009 in order to continue to have our operating margin performance objective of 3 to 5 percentage points as well as producing net income growth of 20% to 30%. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Charles Murphy – Morgan Stanley.
Charles Murphy – Morgan Stanley: I wanted to return to pricing, for ’09 do you consider the amount of revenue growth you’ve gotten from pricing this year to be an anomaly? Do you expect to get a similar type of revenue growth from pricing or how should we think about that over the next year?
Martina Hund-Mejean : Charlie, the comments that we are going to make are going to be very consistent with what we had said before. We actually did say, I think, on every earnings call we had this year that the 500 basis points that you’re seeing in every one of the quarters is actually quite extraordinary. It’s predominately fueled by what we’re seeing on cross boarder volume. I think what we laid out is that at any point in time we feel comfortable that we might be able to do pricing according to the kind of value proposition that we delivered to our customers of a minimum of 200 basis points per year and we are not stepping back from that kind of view.
Charles Murphy – Morgan Stanley: As a quick follow up, can you help us understand what a legitimate downside case is for local currency cross boarder GDV growth? 
Robert W. Selander : Charlie, I don’t know that there is anyone who could possibly give you a downside on that. If you go back and explore some of the things that happened in Asia Pacific during the SARS crisis in 2003, as I recall they closed the Hong Kong airport for about six weeks so cross boarder completely went away for all intense and purposes in that part of the world. If you can give me the exact amount of plane embarkation and some of the other things, I’ll give you a shot at what the impact will be in cross border. Now, what I did share with you was some of the things we track other than the gross dollar volume which we report out to you quarterly and I did mention that we’ve seen cross border transactions during the month of October fall relative to the 18% growth that we had in the third quarter. We had continued growth but it was high single digit growth rates during the month of October so we’re already seeing a slowdown in that growth rate, I just can’t tell you how low it may go or how long it might last.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Adam Frisch – UBS.
Adam Frisch – UBS: Just a quick point of clarification before my question, are you saying that you think ’09 revs will be in the high single digits and you are therefore not changing your margin or EPS growth objectives for ’09?
Robert W. Selander : What we’ve said is we don’t think we’re going to be able to reach the 12% to 15% longer term performance objectives we’ve established and that at this point in time we’re looking at needing high single digits in terms of top line growth in order to make the 3% to 5% on our operating margin and the 20% to 30% on net income growth. Again, excluding the adverse or positive impacts that foreign exchange might have in comparing it with prior years.
Adam Frisch – UBS: It’s a point of technicality but I know I’m going to get asked about it and I think it is the key item here for ’09. Does that mean you do think you will be able to hit your margin and EPS growth targets in ’09?
Robert W. Selander : Well, we’re still working our way through the budget process and at this point in time I believe we can still achieve those objectives. I do not know where we are going to come out and I certainly can’t tell you how the global economy is going to fair, I can only give you a set of assumptions that are the ranges we’re dealing with.
Adam Frisch – UBS: My question is, is the quality of your credit card user base, can you quantify for us just in terms of accessing their quality, what percentage would qualify as challenged from a credit perspective and I don’t know if you want to use metrics like FICO scores or percentages of revolvers or percentages of credit lines being used or anything like that but is there anything you can help us kind of qualify what your credit card user base is like?
Martina Hund-Mejean : Let me try and help you with that. First of all given that we are not an issuer of cards, as you know we would not be seeing individual card holders FICO scores. However, what we do from time-to-time is we actually do an independent third party survey of MasterCard and its major competitors, major payment card competitors and from this data we can absolutely not see any appreciable difference in the terms of percentages of card holders in each category and the categories are obviously subprime, prime and super prime with the exception of one company and that would be American Express which certainly has a lower percentage in the subprime category which is understandable given their business model. 
Adam Frisch – UBS: If I could just ask one follow up, if revenue growth is lower than the high single digits is there more room to cut costs? Could we actually see operating costs go negative if you need to in order to preserve the margins or some sort of margins and EPS growth?
Robert W. Selander : Adam there’s a point in time where you decide you’re not going to chase something which will short change our investments in the future. So, we’re trying to position ourselves with as much flexibility as possible as we did last year, as we complete our budget with a set of sort of fixed assumptions, we’ll go back and build contingency plans in the event we’re wrong. I’d like to be able to assure you that regardless of circumstances we can do something but I can’t assure you of that. I can only say that we’re quite focused on flexibility and to the degree revenues come along less rapidly we’ll be doing things in terms of working those expenses levers to try and ensure we produce better results than might have otherwise been anticipated.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Gregory Smith – Merrill Lynch.
Gregory Smith – Merrill Lynch: I just wanted to go back to the 20% to 30% sort of net income guidance. I think that is at constant currency so if we do think currency is going to be a headwind which looks pretty obvious at this point could you then fall below that on a reported basis which obviously what the numbers in first call reflect? I just want to be sure I understand that?
Martina Hund-Mejean : Absolutely. If we are going to get these kinds of currency headwinds and I gave you a little bit of a guideline in terms of where we would be coming in from an operating income for how foreign exchange would impacting operating income than you have to take the tax effect but on a reported basis it could fall below that 20% to 30%. That is why we made it so absolutely sure that everybody heard when we put out the long term objectives back in May, at the end of May that is on a constant fx basis because we cannot call foreign exchange.
Barbara Gasper : We’ve had a lot of questions about what constant fx means and one of the things we did is we put together a illustrative example which we’re going to be posting on our website under where you go to get the third quarter call information with the press release and the slide deck and the supplemental operations table. There will be an additional table there that we’ve worked through with an example. So, if people pull that off and you need help walking through that, Jason [Lane] and I would be happy to spend time with anybody who wants to talk about this further.
Gregory Smith – Merrill Lynch: Then just one last question, you’ve obviously gotten a couple big lawsuits behind you which is great but we still have this merchant interchange lawsuit lingering out there. Any update on timing of that lawsuit at this point?
Robert W. Selander : I’m trying to reflect on the timing of that one, to your point we had three sets of legacy litigation, the foreign exchange cases which are substantially behind us, the competitor cases, AMEX and Discover which we’ve obviously taken settlement on and also the merchant case. At this point in time that merchant case is going to play out over the next couple of years. We’re in the midst of completing the discovery process as we speak and there are some dates I think are relevant.  Let me see if I can pull those up for you, I mentioned discovery should be completed in November, in the next few weeks. The class certification is currently scheduled for January of next year, expert reports are midyear next year, the June timeframe, there will be further briefing and other motions that we expect would only be filed sometime very late in the year, assume December of 2009. So there is no formal date set for trial yet but I think we’re imaging this thing is going to take a couple of more years to play out. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Moshe Katri – Cowen & Co.
Moshe Katri – Cowen & Co.: Going back to cross border transactions, is there a way to break down the mix here by maybe US to non-US destinations, destinations within Europe and then anything that has to do with Latin America travel? Then, can you help us understand the relations between cross border transactions and revenue growth?
Robert W. Selander : We have shared with you that we have seen 18% growth in the third quarter and that it slowed in October to high single digits. I can’t give you more texture than that in terms of the geography. We did mention that US travelers in the third quarter were less active than European travelers and the European travelers tended to be traveling with Europe. I really can’t get any more granular than that.
Martina Hund-Mejean : In terms of cross border volume growth and the impact on net revenues Moshe, first of all when you look at our net revenue growth of 23.6% how I look at it is take out the 3.5 percentage points of foreign exchange here to business growth down to 20% and then you take the 5% pricing out so you’re down to 15%. Well, you look at our GDV growth of 12.3%, our purchase volume growth of 13.3%, transaction growth of 13% and that doesn’t get you quite there to the 15% so it’s really the 18% in terms of cross border volume growth that bridges the gap.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Anurag Rana – Keybanc Capital Markets. 
Anurag Rana – Keybanc Capital Markets: It’s nice that you guys gave some guidance about operating expenses growth in ’09, I think that was in our view one of the most important features of today’s results but could you also give us a little more color about volume growth in Europe especially given that seems Europe lagging US in terms of just the general economy?
Robert W. Selander : If you take a look at the detailed attachments to the earnings press release you’ll see some breakdowns in terms of third quarter growth rates within the various regions of the world. We continued to have strong gross dollar volume, in this case I guess it would be gross Euro and Sterling volume growth in Europe. For the quarter on a local currency basis we grew 16.8% in Europe and purchase volume grew 17.1%. So, it was quite strong growth in the third quarter. Given the amount of processed transactions we have in Europe, interim reporting in terms of our own monthly data is a little less meaningful in Europe than it is when we look at it on a global basis but I can just say that we’re seeing generally a slowdown versus what we’ve seen in the third quarter around the world and that was the basis on which I shared that data point that suggested in the total GDV on a local currency basis we’re seeing in the month of October mid single digit growth globally.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Craig Maurer – Calyon Securities.
Craig Maurer – Calyon Securities: I was hoping to get some clarification on your comments with SEPA and in terms of local banks holding on to their networks a bit longer. One, I was wondering is that being driven by the current economic situation and two, in our discussions with local banks it seems the point of consternation with those large banks that haven’t moved over is the franchise fees currently being paid to MasterCard for local debit transactions to carry the bug that MasterCard isn’t processing and that’s a big point of contention. I was wondering if you could comment if there’s any give and take in that subject that might accelerate conversion to local processing?
Robert W. Selander : From my perspective what we have going on in the single European payments area are a couple of things. First of all, the reality of the economic environment that we’re in, most of our financial institution customers in Europe, in western Europe have gotten their faire share or more of the issues that we’ve seen working their way through US financial institutions. Just take a look at the landscape in terms of what’s going on with the partial nationalization of several banks with the mergers of several banks in the UK, with the [Fordyce] situation.  So, the economic impact there is very real, very serious. Consumer was already in recession, I’m sorry there was already negative growth in GDP in the second quarter in Europe. So, Europe is a very trying environment for our customers and the investments that they’re willing to make in order to get things done on multiyear periods not surprisingly are being cut back in favor of restoring their balance sheets, their capital counts and other shorter term priorities that they may have that they think will give them more immediate impacts. So, I think that’s the first thing that is going on, just the reality of the economic environment. The second thing has to do with the business pace and what I will call some regulatory uncertainty and as you know we had a decision from the European Commission a year ago December which resulted in our suspension of our intra European cross border interchange fee. As banks are looking at the business case for various things related to a single European payments area clearly their models are in state of flux as they look at the realities of what that might imply if that decision stands despite our having appealed it and taking it to the Court of First Instance or to the degree it might domino in to the domestic market places. I think all those variables are at work here.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: I jumped on a little bit late, I just want to confirm with Bob the process volume growth information that you gave for October. Is that inclusive of cash transactions?
Robert W. Selander : Yes, it will be anything we process so if we happen to process a cash transaction we would. Those tend to be more cross border as you would imagine because there are some domestic cash transactions, in fact the vast majority are done on us ATMs so we would not necessarily see those or process those.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: I was just curious if there was a way to get a better sense of what the purchased volume growth looked like?
Robert W. Selander : I think you should just take them at face value which is the best we can share with you at this point in time and that’s where we had a third quarter total gross volume dollar growth of 12.3% globally and local currency. We’re looking at mid single digits in the month of October and cross border which was 18%, we’re looking at high single digits during the month of October. So, quite dramatic reductions relative to what we were seeing for the average of the third quarter.
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: So I guess my question is this, what are you seeing in terms of process transaction growth ignoring volume here? I’m just trying to get better sense of how much of the slowdown is really weaker average tickets versus fewer swipes? Do you have a view on that?
Robert W. Selander : We’re going to be releasing spend polls data in the next few days and one of the few things that we’ve seen over the last several months has been a reduction in ticket size, i.e. dollar volume is growing less than the transactions. If you think about it, if you filled your car with gas in the last few weeks, gas prices have fallen about 33% over the last several week but you still wind up going in and buying just about as much gas assuming your driving is the same. So, you keep the transactions but you lose the dollar volume in that environment. We’ve seen that across several categories in prior months. We’ve seen that in airlines and hotels where we’ve seen if you will inflation driven related price increases but slowing transactions. 
Tien-Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: Then this is the last follow up, can you remind us how much of your total revenue is really based on a per swipe or just the transaction or click fee versus spread based or average ticket based?
Martina Hund-Mejean : We don’t really give any percentages out but in terms of how we charge a lot of our revenue is volume based and a smaller part is transaction based. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Christopher Brendler – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.
Christopher Brendler – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: On the litigation settlements with AMEX and Discover now behind you and the merchant case a couple of years away, any updated thoughts on uses of excess capital? A buyback or anything else?
Robert W. Selander : Just a couple of observations, obviously we will be reviewing our capital position regularly with our board as we’ve indicated in the past and I think it’s even more true today than perhaps it was over the past several quarters, we want to maintain flexibility and at this point in time we believe there’s an extra premium to be placed on the flexibility and having a strong balance sheet given the nature of the credit markets and the environments we’re in. Having said that, assuming we feel comfortable that we have more than enough flexibility than we would look at buy backs if we don’t have other opportunities or deals that would require us to use that capital.
Christopher Brendler – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Then in Europe you reported that you loss a couple of major [inaudible] in UK. Is that impacting your guidance at all? Is it material change to lose HBC and RBS and what are you planning on doing about your [Maestro] strategy?
Robert W. Selander : Those transactions or those deals were already reflected upon when we came out and gave you our longer term performance objectives back in May. So, from that perspective they’ve been built in to our thinking. 
Christopher Brendler – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.:   One quick follow up, I think you said on the last quarter’s call that you’d expect process transactions to outpace GDV as average ticket goes down. Are you seeing that in October?
Martina Hund-Mejean : Chris we don’t have the data for transactions for October, we really only have process volume.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Sanjay Sakhrani – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Most of my questions have been asked but I was just wondering if I could just drill down on cross border a little bit more and I’ve asked this question before, and I appreciate the commentary on kind of the consumerist line and the commercial kind of accelerating a bit but, have you guys ever drove down on what kind of cross border volume growth has come from kind of cyclical impacts versus secular impacts? My assumption is that both are kind of slowing but cyclical more so but your analysis would seem to indicate the opposite?
Robert W. Selander : I don’t have any real insights to share with you. I don’t know if Martina if you have anything?
Martina Hund-Mejean : That is a very hard thing to divvy apart.
Sanjay Sakhrani – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Then maybe one follow up, obviously we saw a lot of consolidation occur across the financial space, have you guys had any discussions with some of the consolidatees or consolidators in your customer base to discuss the opportunity or their appetites for dual issuance on debit?
Robert W. Selander : Well obviously we’re talking with our customers, whichever side of the table they may be sitting on as consolidators or consolidatees, generally it’s at the end of the day consolidators who are making the decisions so that is where our focus is. With regard to debt, in the United States we’ve already seen banks sign up for debt duality and I gave you the example today of Chase’s, and they were already dual and debit but Chase’s Chicago Bears card that they’ve launched.  Obviously we have also previously referred to the various NFL and I guess major league baseball debit programs that the Bank of America is involved with. So, we continue to work with our customers to try and find ways to give them obviously more attractive products for their card holders and merchants alike.
Operator:  Our last question comes from Patrick M. Burton – Citigroup.
Patrick M. Burton – Citigroup: I’d like to follow up Bob on your earlier comments on how far is too far to potentially cut back. On the advertising side how far could you trim that back without getting let’s say significant push back from clients?
Robert W. Selander : I don’t know if we can give you a definitive point on that. I think the process is one where we pay attention to several variables, first of all our customers and the degree to which they count on our brand and the related marketing support, that’s a result of our budgeting process where we sit with customers and we’re obviously in the midst of that right now and look at what they want to get done and that will vary from one customer and one market to another. Secondly, we believe that we should be investing in our brand and that helps us drive utilization of our products so that’s a second dimension. Obviously, the health of the domestic economy and what’s going on with consumers it has impacted our customers’ plans will then work its way in to our thinking with regard to our marketing activities to drive the usage. I think probably the third dimension on that is what are competitors doing?  Do we keep ourselves at a level of awareness, of advertising recognition and likability and some of those other measures that we use in other parts of the world to ensure a vibrant, vital healthy brand? So, all of those things would go in. If everybody in the world stops advertising and marketing and all of our customers say, “We don’t need any.” Then the combination of the competitors and customers telling us that, if we haven’t already gotten the message with what’s going on with the consumer in the marketplace than that would clearly cause us to pull that lever and ratchet back further than we would have otherwise done.
Barbara Gasper :  Bob, I think you have a few closing comments you’d like to make before we say goodnight?
Robert W. Selander : I want to thank you all for joining us today. These are clearly challenging times and despite the economic environment, we are very excited with our results in the third quarter. We believe our business fundamentals continue to provide a solid foundation and we remain committed to growing our business while we aggressively manage costs in order to drive shareholder value. Once again, thanks for joining us today.
Operator:  Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This does conclude your presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Gasper - Investor Relations Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan Patrick M. Burton - Citigroup Adam Frisch - UBS Christopher Mammone - Deutsche Bank - North America Elizabeth W. Grausam - Goldman Sachs  Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus  Craig Maurer - Calyon Securities (USA) Inc.  Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods Tim Willi - Avondale Partners Charles Murphy - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Welcome to the second quarter 2008 MasterCard Incorporated earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today’s call, Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. 
Barbara Gasper: Thank you for joining us today, either by phone or webcast, for a discussion about our second quarter 2008 financial results. With me on the call this morning are Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer; and Tara Maguire, our Corporate Controller.  Following comments by Martina highlighting some key points about the quarter, we will open up the call for your questions. In total, the call will last up to one hour.  This morning’s earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, www.mastercard.com. The earnings release and slide deck have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC this morning.  A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one week until August 7th.  Finally, as set forth in more detail in today’s earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today’s call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release as well as contained in our recent SEC filings.  With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Martina Hund-Mejean.
Martina Hund-Mejean: We are pleased with our overall second quarter results and while we remain mindful of the current economic environment, our business fundamentals continue to provide a solid foundation for us to meet our business objectives for 2008. Turning to Page 2 of the slide pack, in the second quarter we delivered net income of $276.0 million, or $2.11 per diluted share, excluding a special item related to the settlement of our anti-trust litigation with American Express.  Under the terms of the settlement, we will pay American Express up to a total of $1.8 billion. We recorded in the quarter the pre-tax net present value of this liability of $1.65 billion. On an after-tax basis the charge was just over $1.0 billion. While our results have been impacted by the settlement, we are pleased to have brought this issue to closure. Including the special item, we recorded at net loss of $(747.0) million, or a loss of $(5.74) per diluted share.  Net revenue totaled $1.2 billion, up 25% over the comparable period last year. This was driven primarily by strong growth and worldwide GDV and processed transactions, as well as cross-border volumes, which grew 18.9%. Additionally, pricing changes contributed approximately 5% of the revenue growth in the quarter. Currency fluctuations also represented 5.4% of this growth. Finally, demonstrating the continued leveraged ability of our business model, we saw our operating margin improve 6.1% to 33.4%, from 27.3% in the second quarter of 2007, excluding special items.  Before getting into the detailed financial results, let me just step back a minute and talk about what we are seeing across our business and the economic environment, both here in the United States and abroad. Please turn to Page 3. The slow down in the U.S. economy has had an effect on our growth in the United States. Over the last few quarters we have seen a steady decrease in U.S. GDV growth from 10.6% in Q4 of 2007 to 8.9% in Q1 2008 and now the GDV growth for the second quarter was 6.2%. During the second quarter credit volume growth was only 0.7% but debit grew at 15.8%. U.S. purchase volume was slightly higher than GDV growth, while cash volume growth was down. Processed transaction growth is still ahead of volume growth at 7.8%. As I shared with you on our last earnings call and at our annual investor meeting, in the U.S. we are still seeing consumer spending patterns shifting to more non-discretionary purchases. Our processed transaction data, as well as MasterCard Advisors Spending Cost Analysis, continues to show an increase in sales of necessary goods such as gasoline, food, and health care, largely due to increasing prices. The impact of higher inflation and lower housing prices are compounded by the fact that consumers are finding it increasingly difficult to obtain credit as financial institutions tighten their criteria for loans and credit extensions. However, we continue to see double-digit growth in markets outside the U.S., which contributed a little more than half of our revenues in the quarter. While there are economic downturns in the U.K., Spain, and a few other European countries, in general European markets continue to represent strong growth for us. Furthermore, we still see healthy cross-border volume growth. While down slightly from the 20+% growth levels we have seen over the past two quarters, the second quarter growth rate of 18.9% is higher compared with the same quarter last year. As in recent quarters, this growth continues to be primarily driven by Europeans traveling in Europe and overseas and we have not seen any significant change in travel patterns on a year-over-year basis for any of the regions. Last, as we have discussed before, much of our growth is being driven by the secular shifts of electronic payments, which we believe is somewhat independent of the cyclicality of current market conditions. We continue to collaborate with our customers to help maximize the value of the payments businesses, recognizing that they are experiencing extraordinarily challenging conditions in the current economic environment. We are partnering with them as they refocus their efforts from account acquisition and marketing towards the maintenance of the existing business and areas such as broad-loss prevention. We are not insulated from the pain that our customers are feeling and we are actively working our expense structure to deal with the changing demands of our customers. In a few minutes I will reference a couple of examples of actions that we have undertaken. Switching now to some business highlights: On our last call we discussed our announcement of our debit process platform, Integrated Processing Solutions, OIPS. I am very pleased to report that we are now in light production with our first customer, Security Service Federal Credit Union, having successfully completed the critical first stage of a multi-stage conversion and implementation program. With respect to our U.S. litigations, I have mentioned that we have entered into a settlement agreement with American Express in June. We will pay Amex up to $150.0 million for 12 quarters beginning this September and the payments will not exceed a total of $1.8 billion. There are two recent developments related to the Discover case. First, this week we entered into a judgment-sharing agreement with Visa that the portions costs and liabilities both companies may incur in the event of either an adverse judgment or settlement of the case. This agreement provides that Visa would be responsible for the substantial majority of any judgment or settlement, based primarily on relevant volumes. Second, the district court recently indicated that it expects to issue decisions on summary judgment motions no later than August 18, 2008, and has rescheduled the trial to begin on October 14, 2008. In mid-June we announced that we would comply with the European Commission’s ruling by temporarily repealing our default intra-EEA cross-border consumer card interchange fees effective June 21, 2008. We continue to hold discussions with the Commission to see what interchange fee-setting methodology we might employ in order to be compliant with their decisions. In any event, we will take appropriate action to ensure that we remain competitive in Europe. With respect to our repurchase program, in the second quarter we repurchased approximately 1.3 million shares of Class A common stock for a total of $355.0 million. We have now completed the approved $1.25 billion repurchase program. We regularly review our capital structure with the Board and will continue to evaluate additional share repurchase programs in the future. Further, this past February, our Board authorized the conversion of up to 13.1 million shares of Class B stock into Class A stock during 2008. In the second quarter we implemented and completed the conversion program with all of the 2008 authorized shares of Class B common stock converted into an equal number of Class A common stock, which was then subsequently sold for transfer to public investors. Class A shares now represent approximately 76% of total shares outstanding. Let’s turn to Page 4 of the slide deck. Net revenue for the quarter exceeded $1.2 billion, an increase of 25% versus the year-ago quarter. Current fluctuations of the Euro and the Brazilian real relative to the U.S. dollar constituted 5.4% of the net revenue increase resulting in underlying business growth of 19.6%. Approximately 5% of this was due to pricing changes. Excluding the several items related to the litigation settlement, our operating income of $416.0 million resulted in an operating margin of 33.4% for the quarter, a 6.1% improvement over the second quarter last year. As we have mentioned in the past, our strong revenue growth enabled us to leverage our operating margins. The contribution from foreign exchange was less than 1% of this increase. Net income we $276.0 million, or $2.11 per diluted share, excluding the special items. Turning to Page 5, gross dollar volume grew 12.8% on a local-currency basis in the second quarter, and 18.2% on a U.S. dollar-converted basis, to $655.0 billion. This quarter was the 17th consecutive quarter of double-digit worldwide GDV growth on a local-currency basis. Growth in the U.S. was 6.2% and purchase volume growth in the U.S. was higher, at 8% versus the second quarter in 2007. Although not shown on Page 5, on a local currency-basis, worldwide purchase volume was up 14% and cash volume growth of 9.3% was slightly lower than the comparative quarter last year.  Additionally, cross-border volume, or the volume that is generated from cardholders who travel outside of the country where their card is issued, was up 18.9% over the comparable quarter last year.  I would like to point out that beginning in the second quarter we refined our methodology of calculating our cross-border volume to use the merchant country rather than the acquirer country. The effect of this change only relates to volume growth rates, which is very small and has no impact on our reported revenues. Prior reporting periods have been re-stated and can be found within the Supplemental Operational Performance data on our Investor Relations website. Processed transactions, or transactions processed across MasterCard’s network, increased 13.6%, or $5.2 billion in the second quarter. We continue to benefit from the global diversification of our business with our ability to generate significant volumes, transactions, and revenues from economies outside of the U.S. Net revenue yield was 19 basis points in the quarter, versus 18 basis points in the second quarter of 2007. Pricing changes were the primary driver of this improvement. Let’s turn to Page 6. Here you can see the net operations fee increased 28.7%, or $209.0 million, to $938.0 million in the second quarter. Gross operation fees increased 27.5%, or $225.0 million to a little more than $1.0 billion. This growth was driven by several factors. First, growth in processed transactions, cross-border volumes, and gross dollar volumes that were previously described on Page 5. Second, new pricing changes implemented in January of this year on cross-border acquiring volumes and on retail purchases in the U.S. by non-U.S. cardholders. And third, revenue for other payment-related services such as new accounts enhancement program launched late in the second quarter of 2007 in global cardholder services. In the second quarter net operation fees, as a percentage of gross operation fees, improved slightly due to a continuation of lower rebates to customers who did not achieve contractual performance criteria. On Page 7 we show that net assessments increased 14.9%, or $40.0 million, versus the second quarter of 2007. Gross assessments increased 15.9% versus U.S. dollar GDV growth of 18.2%, or $80.0 million, to $583.0 million due to strong GDV growth slightly offset by mix. Net assessments as a percentage of gross assessments declined somewhat compared to the second quarter of 2007. Please turn to Page 8 for some detail on expenses. In the second quarter, excluding the special items, total operating expenses increased 14.6%, of which 4.5% were related to currency fluctuations. The increase was mainly driven by two factors.  First, a 15.7% increase in general administration expenses, of which 3.3% were related to currency fluctuation. The growth in G&A was driven by higher personnel costs, excluding the impact of FX, personnel costs increased 18.1%, primarily driven by the hiring of new personnel as well as higher severance costs as we continue to align our business needs against our existing talent pool.  Second, we recorded a 13% increase in advertising and marketing expense. Currency fluctuations represented 6.6% of this increase. A&M growth was primarily due to the timing of expenses, mostly for sponsorship activities related to the UEFA and European Championship soccer events, as well as ongoing investments in high-growth markets. Moving to the cash flow statement and balance sheet highlights on Page 9, we generated $319.0 million in cash flow from operations during the quarter. We ended the quarter with $2.7 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and available-for-sale securities. This includes the repayment of $80.0 million of subordinated debt. Available-for-sale securities decreased $84.0 million in the quarter, mostly due to the sale of short-term bond funds. The American Express litigation had an impact on primarily two areas of our balance sheet. First, litigation liability increased by $1.65 billion. Second, our deferred income tax assets increased by $530.0 million. Both of these totals were broken down into their short- and long-term components that booked to the balance sheet. In April this year we formally integrated the operating structures of our operations in France with Europay France forming a new entity, MasterCard France. This resulted in a 70% equity interest for MasterCard accounting for this transaction as 100% acquisition and we recorded a liability for the present value of the fixed purchase price of EU $15.0 million which will be paid by MasterCard in three years. At that point we will own 100% of the entity. As of quarter end we have finalized the repurchase of approximately 1.3 million Class A shares in the open market for $355.0 million. Before moving to the Q&A, I would like to spend a few minutes on Slide 10, highlighting a couple of items for your consideration as you refine and update your models for the remainder of 2008. In light of what we currently see for our business, the longer-term performance objectives, what we talked about on May 29, remain unchanged. However, we have refined our outlook for full-year 2008. We continue to expect slower net revenue growth than the 22.3% growth we experienced in 2007 but still at double-digit rates and assuming constant FX. Mid-year our revenue growth has been [inaudible] excluding FX. Lower U.S. growth [inaudible] net revenue growth for the rest of the year [inaudible] effect of performance criteria and customer agreements in our continued strong [inaudible].  Our outlook for G&A expenses, excluding special items, remains unchanged. It should grow at a rate that is both slower than 2008 net revenue growth and below the 2008 G&A growth rate of 16.8%. Similar to revenue growth, our 2008 outlook assumes constant FX. On a year-to-date basis G&A growth has been 10.3%, excluding FX. With respect to A&M we now anticipate to spend roughly the same amount as in 2007 based on current FX rates as we adjust our efforts in line with our custom activities. We don’t anticipate as much marketing expense in the second half of this year, particularly in Q4. Previously we had been expecting to see a modest increase in total A&M spend for full year 2008 assuming constant FX. These thoughts continue to assume no global recession and no event which significantly disrupts cross-border travel. Finally, while we do not plan to break out the interest accretion impact associated with the American Express settlement as a special item, we do expect it will increase interest expense by $44.0 million for the second half of 2008. We have included in our schedule in the appendix to this presentation which models the increased quarterly interest expense amount over the settlement pay-out period over the next 12 quarters. We are very pleased with our second quarter results but are mindful of the economic conditions that we are operating in. We are managing our business plans in light of a tougher market and are taking the necessary expense management actions as we see our customers realigning their plans. We remain committed to growing our business by managing costs and investments in order to drive shareholder value.
Barbara Gasper - Investor Relations: We are now ready to begin the question and answer period. In order to get to as many people as possible in our allotted time frame, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question with one follow-up and then queue back in for additional questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Tien-Tsin Huang with J.P. Morgan.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: First, on U.S. credit growth, last quarter you mentioned a contract termination. Did that occur in the quarter, and if so, what was the impact?
Martina Hund-Mejean: I think we talked about that in the last quarter already. That was where a customer of ours sold their business to somebody else, and the impact in the quarter was actually relatively small, very small.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: I think you commented 0.7% growth in credit. Is that where it would have hit? I’m just curious what the growth would have been excluding that change.
Martina Hund-Mejean: It would not have significantly been different.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Can you comment on monthly trends in general on U.S. purchase volume growth in the second quarter?
Martina Hund-Mejean: We saw during the quarter it came down a little bit in June. It wasn’t a cabalistic decline. But I can tell you that what we are seeing here, on average, for the second quarter, we are seeing as a trend, also, for July.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: And on G&A, did you quantify the higher severance costs and what kind of savings you expect to get out it?
Martina Hund-Mejean: We can certainly do that. If you just looked at the G&A expenses overall, you saw a 15.7% increase of which 3.3% were related to currency fluctuations, and then in terms of the severance, I can guide you that that was about 3% of that.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: And the savings you expect out of that, going forward?
Martina Hund-Mejean: I think you know pretty much our run rate in terms of what we spend on average per employee, so we do obviously expect some savings, otherwise we wouldn’t have done that. But it’s really realigning our work forces with the kind of business needs we’re seeing forward. Again, as you know, we are still investing in the business but we are also seeking to expand our operating margin.
Operator: Your next question comes from Pat Burton with Citi.
Patrick M. Burton - Citigroup: My question is about cross border travel. As you approach the year-ago numbers where you had some pretty hefty growth, how much do you think that 18% number will decelerate? Are we talking like 5% sequentially, something like that?
Martina Hund-Mejean: That is a very difficult question. What we have seen is that cross product growth has actually accelerated over the last year. In particular when you looked at the fourth quarter of last year and it had kind of continued into the first quarter of this year. We are talking relatively still extremely healthy growth rates of almost 19%.  What I can tell you is we really have not seen any change in travel patterns. The travel patterns are really still pretty much the same from what we saw before. We saw the Latin Americans maybe traveling a little bit more in Latin America versus coming to the United States. We really saw no discernable difference between what the Europeans do and what people in Asia/Pacific do.  So we still believe that cross border volume going forward will be healthy. But I think it will be really hard for us to guide you to any particular number for the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Frisch with UBS.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Martina, as you see the top line potentially enduring some more headwinds, whether it be from year-over-year comps being tougher in the second half, or a slower consumer, obviously your growth has held up really well so far. But I think expenses are going to become a bigger part of the margin equation going forward. Good to see that A&M is staying steady year-over-year but what can we expect from G&A going forward? Because that’s really the expectation, I think, of a lot of your investors with where there is operating leverage in the model, to achieve higher operating margins going forward.
Martina Hund-Mejean: We are very mindful between the top line growth and what we have to do on the G&A perspective. I mean, we pretty much reiterated our thoughts for 2008, we are very mindful of what happened to the United States and how it could possibly impact our growth rates.  Despite that, as you know, we have some pretty good leverage to moderate any kind of impact, be it what happens in terms of a tiering perspective from our customer agreements, be it that more than half of our revenue growth is actually generated out of the United States and from a G&A perspective, again, we are pretty much reiterating what we had said before.  And when you put the numbers together, you should see some pretty healthy margin expansion. But you already saw for the first six months as well as the remaining six months of the year.
Adam Frisch - UBS: On the credit portfolio, Tien-Tsin brought up a customer loss, you said it was small. Is there anything else going on in your credit portfolio that would explain the growth there?
Martina Hund-Mejean: No. From everything that we can really see, this is what is happening in the market in the United States. In my opening remarks I told you the economic environment is pretty tough. We obviously still the moves of non-discretionary purchases to discretionary purchases, but we also do believe that the housing crisis and the restrictions in credit for consumers have an impact on the consumers utilizing their cards.
Adam Frisch - UBS: On debit, obviously you’re making a bigger push into that market. IPS, you have your first customer close to up and running. What are your other plans for debit growth going forward? Do you plan on doing it organically or potentially via M&A?
Martina Hund-Mejean: I think we really have all options open. IPS is obviously a significant investment that we did over last year and the first part of this year. So that is our primary focus, to make sure that we get Security Service Federal Credit Union up and running and then focus the next customers in the pipeline. But depending on what kind of things will come in the market, we have an open mind.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Mammone with Deutsche Bank.
Christopher Mammone - Deutsche Bank - North America: Last quarter you guys talked about one customer falling short of volume thresholds that caused you guys [inaudible]. I’m just wondering what kind of multiplier effect might have happened in the second quarter, how many customers might have been affected by falling short of volume goals?
Martina Hund-Mejean: As you said, in the first quarter we had actually a significant impact from one particular customer. That’s really why we pointed that out. In this quarter there is no really particular customer, any particular customer who impacted this. But you see how the volume growth in the United States, in particular on the credit side, was lower than in prior quarters and in a year ago, and that is where our customer agreements are actually working from a rebate and inventive point of view. And the kind of performance our customers have to achieve in order to get into the next tier. So we have a little bit of an offsetting lever.  But there is no particular customer in this quarter that we would be pointing to. I think it’s a general part of the environment.
Christopher Mammone - Deutsche Bank - North America: And then, any metrical lift from the government stimulus checks? I know about $100.0 billion had reached consumers’ hands by the end of June.
Martina Hund-Mejean: We really looked at our data to see whether we could see any discernable difference, especially where we’re hearing that people are spending those kind of checks. And we really cannot find from our network data any appreciable difference.
Operator: Your next question comes from Liz Grausam with Goldman Sachs.
Elizabeth W. Grausam - Goldman Sachs : I wanted to ask a question on SEPA and looking into the next two years as you reach some of the critical hurdles in that regulatory framework. How should we think about that as possibly some offset in your processed transaction growth, where we could see some decoupling between your GDV and your processed transaction growth trends as you’re gaining share in the processing landscape out there?
Martina Hund-Mejean: That is a good question. As we have talked about it before, SEPA is really a guideline, it’s not a law. The banks in Europe are supposed to comply with the guideline, I believe by the end of 2010. However, this is a relatively slow process. I think at our investor meeting Javier did a really nice job in terms of pointing out where we’re actually going with SEPA and the kind of wins that we already had.  And just to remind you, we’re not just working with banks in the market, but we’re also working with merchants in the market because at this point in time, merchants can actually re-point wherever they would like to have the acquiring activity to go through. And obviously given our network and the cost-effectiveness of our network, we found ourselves to be the first choice in a number of those engagements. These kinds of things are going on. There’s nothing in particular that we want to disclose at this point in time, but these efforts that have the analysts talking about have continued in Q2 and we are believing that it definitely will continue for the rest of the year and the next couple of years. But given that it is so early still in this evolution, and given that a lot of the European banks really have to grabble with what are they going to do with their own processing facility, it’s really hard for us to give you a particular guidance in terms of how this might impact our GDV, or processed transactions.
Elizabeth W. Grausam - Goldman Sachs : Another question on the cross-border trends that you’re seeing. Visa reported last night that they saw a little bit of softening, as well, in cross-border trends, but mostly pegged it on the U.S. consumer not going overseas and that’s where the softness is coming with really no major change in trend in the foreign consumer traveling. Is that somewhat of what you’re seeing and have fuel prices affected the ability for Europeans yet to pursue cross-border travel and how are you thinking about that going forward?
Martina Hund-Mejean: At this point in time, as I pretty said, we are not seeing significant changes for region-over-region. I mean, we see a little bit of a variation in the growth rate in this region versus that region, but it’s nothing significantly different than what we saw over the last, I would say, three quarters or so.  Even in Europe, where people are often traveling by car and obviously with these high gas prices have to spend a lot more money in order to get from, whatever, Germany to France, we are really not seeing any appreciable difference than what we’ve seen before. So from a trend perspective, again, as I said, it’s really hard to say where this is going to go. But at this point in time, 18.9% is still a pretty significant growth rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Brendler with Stifel Nicolaus.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus : One of the issues you talked about last quarter and result in a slow down was you may see transaction growth slow less than volume growth, with lower average ticket. And looking at the numbers for this quarter, in my calculations, in the U.S. credit program particularly, the average ticket actually went up a little bit, so that did not happen. Any insights on what exactly is happening in U.S. credit? People have been pulling back so I would think you would see a ticket slow down. Do you think it’s more issuer related and do see any evidence of consumers just moving away from credit cards, given their more limited budgets and trying to stick more to a budget on a debit card product?
Martina Hund-Mejean: I think it’s a mixture of things. Obviously what’s happening with the issuer environment and they way that they have to manage their portfolio in order to make sure that their existing accounts continue to be very profitable for them and the work around it that they have to do on the credit side, that does have some impact and we already said that.  We do see some step up of the average tickets but mostly related to, I would say, to what people pump at the gas stations, as well as little bit related to food. The one noticeable difference that we are seeing is related to fuel in this country. So this is a U.S. comment. Actually from a transaction point of view, now I think it’s the second quarter in a row, that we actually have debit transactions being equal to credit transactions. Before you had the number of credit transactions bigger than debit transactions.  So that’s the only real discernable difference, but I do believe that inflation do drive some of the things that you’re seeing on the average ticket.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus : There’s this big drop-off in cash transactions, particularly in the U.S. credit program. Does that have an impact on your revenue slide or is that cash transactions are a lower margin?
Martina Hund-Mejean: That really comes at a lower margin. That really does not have a significant impact whatsoever on our revenues. And I think when you see the growth in the U.S. credit and the follow-up on the cash volume, that does explain, that fits together.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus : Have you had any color from your issuing customers, do you think that we’ve seen the worst of them pulling back or do you think that there’s more to come in the second half as we get into this tougher economic environment?
Martina Hund-Mejean: I think this is really hard to tell. Obviously quite a number of our customers have made sure that they are really surrounding their debit card and credit card portfolios with the right kind of discipline that they need to have in order to keep those portfolios profitable. These portfolios are still very profitable for each of the banks. So I really think it depends on which customer you’re talking about.  Some of our customers are feeling actually that they could take advantage of this environment at this point in time and are more aggressive in terms of the account credit acquisition side and marketing. And some customers just don’t feel that way. So I think it’s a mixed bag but in general I would say that people are probably more cautious, still at this point in time, because we don’t know what more is going to come or how long this kind of slow down is really going to last.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Maurer with Calyon.
Craig Maurer - Calyon Securities (USA) Inc. : First, regarding pricing, just an update on your thoughts regarding where you are in the competitive market place with Visa, both on the acquirer and issuing side.
Martina Hund-Mejean: First of all, on pricing, I think we had, in the first quarter, right about 6% and in this quarter about 5% and I think for the rest of the year we see pretty much a similar impact. We did disclose some of what kind of pricing we did, which is a significant part is related, obviously, to cross-border volume as well as a number of other services and products that we felt like we really needed to adjust the prices in line with the value proposition that we have for our customers. It’s obviously good that we were able to move forward with these kinds of things.  In terms of comments of us versus our competition, we are really not seeing, on the pricing unto itself, two different things than what we already said at the investor day. We believe that we are doing, obviously, the right thing from a pricing point of view, given how we work with our customers and our competition has to think about what they have to do.
Craig Maurer - Calyon Securities (USA) Inc. : In comparison, do you feel you’re at relative parity on a global level or has one moved ahead of the other?
Martina Hund-Mejean: First of all, it’s really region-by-region specific, and then you really are going to have to think about what is the pricing environment on the issuing side versus the acquiring side. And on the issuing side, as you know, it’s not just list prices in terms of what you actually charge to issuers, but it really is dependent on what kind of customer business agreement we strike, which have often rebates and incentives attached to performance, total incentives. So you have to take all of this into account.  And we do believe that when you take all of this into account, that we are very competitive in the market.
Craig Maurer - Calyon Securities (USA) Inc. : Regarding the Visa agreement that you just entered into regarding sharing of liability, why now on this agreement? What changed all of a sudden that prompted this agreement?
Martina Hund-Mejean: I don’t think I really can talk about the timing and why now, but obviously you’ve heard what Discover said publicly in the market in terms of damages and Visa and ourselves feel very similar in terms of we feel very strongly about our proposition. We are very aligned in terms of how we look at that case and it happened to be at the right time for us to be entering into this kind of agreement. You might recall that there was actually court-mandated mediation prior to June 30, which was Visa and us together with Discover, and that court-mandated mediation, which we did enter into, did not really lead to any results.
Craig Maurer - Calyon Securities (USA) Inc. : You had commented on a shifting of resources. Where are you focusing your new hiring these days as opposed to where it might have been a year ago? Or two years ago?
Martina Hund-Mejean: The one big area that is of difference is our Integrated Processing Solutions platform. Obviously a year ago, a little bit more than a year ago, so really I’m taking you back to the beginning of 2007, we did not have a lot of people related to development of that platform, as well as implementation for customers.  That has ramped up significantly over the last 18 months and that is going to continue to ramp up as we’re having more customer implementation. So I would say in terms of one area, that’s a big area. Another area that is important for us, from a numbers point of view, not quite as what I just talked about for the IPS platform, but it’s high-growth markets. High-growth markets are important for us, we are making significant investments in there. And we will continue to do so because we do believe that’s where we see the future.
Craig Maurer - Calyon Securities (USA) Inc. : And where is it shrinking?
Martina Hund-Mejean: The areas I would say we are really massaging our head count and putting it into the right kind of business propositions we want to see, is one, in the U.S., of course, given that not only the majority of all revenues come from overseas. We have to make sure that our work force is very much aligned between what we want to see in the United States versus overseas. And then a number of other areas related to our products. We just do some alignments in order to be appropriately focused on the kind of things we want to put out in the market here in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods: I just had a question on the assessment rebates and incentives line. I mean, with the deceleration on the U.S. volume side I would have thought we would have seen a little bit lower accrual, or that come down a little bit more than it actually has. Is there any color you could provide on that line?
Martina Hund-Mejean: That’s pretty hard to do because I think we said in the past, you have to be very careful not to torture rebates and incentives on a quarterly basis because it all depends not only on what’s happening in the volume in the quarter, but it also depends on what kind of new agreements we actually signed in the quarter, and we happened to have signed new agreements in the quarter, and some of that actually can drive the timing in terms of when we book the rebates and the incentives. So I don’t think there’s really anything particular that you should read out of that, but I would encourage you to really look at it over time rather than on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods: Is there a quick rule of thumb on how much of that line is U.S. versus international?
Martina Hund-Mejean: We don’t really give that out.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods: I want to drill down on the volume growth in Europe. As you mentioned, it’s become kind of a hot topic recently. How much of that growth in Europe is organic growth versus new customer additions? Because the growth still remains relatively strong.
Martina Hund-Mejean: I would say it’s a mixture. But I just want to give you a couple of examples. This is really coinciding with the secular trends we see from paper payments to electronic payments. But when you compare the U.S. to, let’s say, France, a Frenchman uses their credit card maybe five times a month, a German uses their credit card maybe one time a month, so the things that have yet on their team to, in terms of really encouraging higher use of credit and debit cards, in terms of the categories that they are actually opening up from a merchant acceptance point of view, and I think we speak to the number of those positive examples, you know, the Lufthansa deal, the co-op deal in Switzerland, etc.. I think that really does influence how we work with our banks.  It really does influence the end customer in terms of where they find the utilization of a card much easier than utilizing cash or a check. But that is an evolutionary trend. So there is a big impact from that. Customer agreement, as we have said before, we are very encouraged by all the different activities that we see there on the agreements that we actually sign across Europe. So, that does have an impact. It’s really hard for me to tell you, how much is driven organically versus acquisition, but those factors are important in driving that growth.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods: On the cash balance, post Amex settlement, should we expect the carrying amount to come down a bit and that factor into capital management strategy?
Martina Hund-Mejean: For sure it needs to factor into the capital management. As I said, we are reviewing with the Board constantly, how our capital structure should be taken though. We do have the Discover case out there with a trial date. We are probably taking that into account in some fashion.  But you’re absolutely right. We have moved through one major issue with the Amex litigation issue and you will be hearing from us in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Willi with Avondale Partners.
Tim Willi - Avondale Partners: The question around international, one was were there any trends in what you would describe as maybe your more established international markets as you went through the quarter. It may not have looked like the U.S., maybe it looked light a lighter version of the U.S., in terms of slowing growth as the quarter progressed.  And a follow-up is can you just give us some qualitative thoughts around margin profiles of the various regions of the world? Does their operating contribution approximate what the revenue contribution, or some of the larger more mature established markets, much higher, much lower margins, versus the corporate average?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Let me take your first question. On the international front, let me just take region by region. On Europe we do have a mixture. And I already quoted the U.K. as well as Spain. There are a couple of other countries that seem to be feeling the heat from an economic point of view, like Italy, Portugal, France, and Ireland. That does not really show up that significantly in our volume growth.  Again, I truly believe, in terms of what Sanjay and I just talked about, the secular trend, opening up the merchant categories, making end consumers more comfortable using their cards, does definitely have an impact on this, so despite the economic environment, we feel very comfortable on the growth over there. In Asia/Pacific, again, you can see that the growth is still very healthy. But when you look at China and India and a couple of the other markets, they are impacted by the higher commodity prices that we see across the world. We’re watching that very carefully, but given the significant potential for moving people from cash to an electronic-based payment, I think you will see a really good balance there. So I think we feel good about it. Latin America, I think that’s like a two-headed story. Mexico does feel the credit crunch more and we do see that a bit more in our data, versus Brazil. Brazil is just going gang-busters and we are feeling very healthy there. So I think you have a bit of a mix.  There’s not a one-size-fits-all. You really have to take it market by market. But what’s really happening in the U.S. and how deep the U.S. went down from an economic down turn point of view, the U.K. is maybe closest to that but we’re not quite yet seeing the other countries being there. And there are other things in the market that would offset that. In terms of your second question, the margin profile question, as you know, we really don’t disclose this kind of data from a regional point of view. The only pointers that I can kind of give you is where we not only see the volume where we charge the assessment fee, where we also process different factions, where we also get a transaction fee.  Those are obviously very good markets for us and I think as you know from our filings, there are really five markets in the world where we do process most of the volume. And that particular focus is really important. That’s where we want to expand, too.
Tim Willi - Avondale Partners: Is it inappropriate to think that in some of the more emerging economies, while they might be smaller now and are experiencing extremely strong growth, that just the investments you’re making in brand and resources, would have those obviously being a lower margin region for you with a lot of margin up side over time?
Martina Hund-Mejean: It depends. It depends totally on what the infrastructure in the market is, it depends on how the acquiring actually gets done in the market. So for some markets you’re absolutely right, we’re making investments, we’re encouraging the right kind of behavior in order to get to electronic payments and that way you might see some lower margin.  But there are actually some other emerging markets where the infrastructure is in such a way where we don’t have to do that.
Barbara Gasper - Investor Relations: We have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Your last question comes from Charles Murphy with Morgan Stanley.
Charles Murphy - Morgan Stanley: Martina, I was wondering if you could update us on what you’ve seen in July for cross-border GDV and for processed transaction growth.
Martina Hund-Mejean: I really cannot. The only thing that we see on a weekly basis is process volume. At this point in time we also see processed transactions. And I think from what I said before in response to one of the other questions, is that we really see in July the same kinds of things continuing as we saw it in the second quarter.
Charles Murphy - Morgan Stanley: As a quick follow-up, could you clarify the outlook for A&M spend. Should third quarter be lower than second and then fourth be lower than third?
Martina Hund-Mejean: I think you’ve got it.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Barbara Gasper for closing remarks.
Martina Hund-Mejean: I would like to say thank you for joining us this morning. Obviously we talked about the difficult economic environment in the U.S. but I just want to say how pleased we are with our results for the second quarter. We really believe that our business fundamentals continue to provide a solid foundation for us to meet our business objectives, not only in 2008, but also for the longer term. We definitely remain committed to grow our business and we will manage our costs in order to drive shareholder value. So thank you for your time today.
Barbara Gasper - Investor Relations: If anyone has any further questions, please feel free to contact Investor Relations. Thank you for your time.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Gasper - Investor Relations Robert W. Selander - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Patrick M. Burton - Citigroup Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co.  Adam Frisch - UBS Elizabeth W. Grausam - Goldman Sachs  David Hochstim - Bear Stearns Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan Craig Maurer - Calyon Securities Anurag Rana - Keybanc Capital Markets Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus  Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods Charles Murphy - Morgan Stanley Bruce W. Harting - Lehman Brothers
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the first quarter 2008 MasterCard Incorporated earnings conference call. My name is Francis and I will be your coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today, Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed. 
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Francis. Good morning and thanks to everyone for joining us today, either by phone or webcast, for a discussion about our first quarter 2008 financial results. With me on the call this morning are Bob Selander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer; and Tara Maguire, our Corporate Controller.  Following comments by Bob and Martina highlighting some key points about the quarter, we will open up the call for your questions and in total, the call will last up to one hour.  This morning’s earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the investor relations section of our website, mastercard.com. The earnings release and slide deck have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC earlier this morning.  A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one week until May 6th.  Finally, as set forth in more detail in today’s earnings release, I need to remind everyone that today’s call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today.  Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release as well as contained in our recent SEC filings.  With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Bob Selander. Bob. 
Robert W. Selander: Thanks, Barbara and good morning, everyone. We are very pleased that we have started the year with a strong financial and operating performance in the first quarter. We continue to be encourage by the transaction growth and cross-border trends we are experiencing in the midst of a challenging economic environment in the United States.  The fundamentals of the business are still very strong and our first quarter results provide a solid foundation for us to deliver on our business objectives for 2008.  Turning to page two of the slide deck, in the first quarter we delivered net income of $398 million, or $3.01 per share on a diluted basis, excluding a special item. The item was a $49 million after-tax gain from the termination of a customer business agreement, which represents $0.37 per share.  Net income also includes after-tax gains of $56 million, or $0.42 per share, from sales of our investment in Redecard. We have now sold all of our Redecard shares.  We recorded quarterly net revenue of $1.2 billion, up over 29% from the first quarter of 2007. This was driven primarily by a strong growth in gross dollar volume and process transactions, including cross border volumes, which grew 23.6%.  Additionally, pricing changes contributed approximately 6 percentage points of the revenue growth in the quarter.  Finally, we saw our operating margin improve 9.3 percentage points to 43.6% from 34.3% in the first quarter of 2007, demonstrating the continued leveragability of our business model.  Before turn the call over to Martina, there are a few economic and business developments on page three that I would like to highlight. The slowdown in the U.S. economy has had some effect on our U.S. growth. However, the trends that we saw over the past few quarters have continued and have led to strong global growth for MasterCard.  These trends include first, in the U.S. a consumer shift away from discretionary purchases, such as luxury retail and home furnishings, to non-discretionary purchases, including food and gasoline, which have also been infected by commodities price increases.  Second, we continue to see double-digit growth in markets outside the United States, where we generate about half of our revenue.  Third, cross-border volume trends are still quite healthy and last, the secular shift from paper to electronic payments.  All this said, we recognize that our customers are experiencing extraordinarily challenging conditions and we are working with them to help maximize the value of their payments businesses.  Switching now to our business updates, earlier this month we announced the launch of our integrated processing solutions, or IPS debit processing platform. IPS provides banks with a suite of branded debit network and card issuer processing services, including PIN, signature, ATM driving, and expanded rewards capabilities. Security Service Federal Credit Union will be the first customer to implement IPS. We believe this new platform will offer a compelling solution for banks that are currently struggling with disparate legacy platforms and seek an integrated solution for PIN, signature, point of sale, and ATM debit processing.  With respect to our U.S. litigation, we have no new significant updates to report at this time. In the case of the European Commission ruling, we continue to communicate with the commission regarding specifics related to our compliance with their order. We asked for and were denied an extension beyond the June 21st compliance deadline. In any event, we will take steps that we believe will comply with the commission’s order and we expect to have more specifics in the near future.  As we’ve said before, we are prepared to take action to ensure that our payments products remain competitive in Europe.  As I just mentioned on page two, during the quarter we sold our remaining share of Redecard and realized pretax gains of approximately $86 million during the period. These gains have been recorded as investment income on our income statement.  During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 1.5 million shares of class A common stock for an aggregate of $294 million, or approximately $196 per share. Through April 29th, the company repurchased approximately $557,000 additional shares of its class A common stock at a cost of $129 million. In total, $1.02 billion of the approved $1.25 billion repurchase program has been completed.  Additionally, this past February our board of directors authorized the conversion of up to 13.1 million shares of class B stock into class A stock during 2008. Although no conversions have taken place thus far this year, the first 2008 conversion program, for up to 13.1 million shares, is expected to begin on May 17th and may continue through June 13th.  With that, I will now turn the call over to Martina for a more detailed update on the financial results. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Thanks, Bob and good morning to everyone. Let me begin on page four of the slide deck. As Bob mentioned, net revenue for the quarter was almost $1.2 billion, an increase of 29.2% versus the year-ago quarter. Currency fluctuations of the Euro and the Brazilian Real relative to the U.S. dollar contributed 5.1 percentage points of the net revenue increase, resulting in underlying business growth of 24.1%. Approximately 6 percentage points of this was due to pricing changes.  Our operating income of $516 million resulted in an operating margin of 43.6% for the quarter, a 9.3 percentage point improvement over the first quarter last year. As we’ve mentioned in the past, our strong revenue growth enabled us to leverage our operating margin. The margin contribution from revenue growth was three times as much as the offsetting impact from expense growth. The contribution from foreign exchange was about 1 percentage point.  Net income was $398 million, or $3.01 per share on a diluted basis, excluding the special items. Additionally, without the impact of gains from the sale of our remaining investment in Redecard, first quarter EPS was $2.59 per share on a diluted basis.  Turning to page five, you see our first quarter gross dollar volume, or GDV numbers, which are reported for the same period as our revenues. GDV grew 14.1% on a local currency basis and 20% on a U.S. dollar converted basis to $611 billion. The first quarter was the 16th consecutive quarter of double-digit worldwide GDV gross on a local currency basis. And despite the economic downturn in the U.S., our U.S. GDV growth was 8.9%, and U.S. purchase volume growth was even stronger at 10.3%.  Although not shown on page five, worldwide purchase volume was up 15% and cash volume was up 11.6%, both on a local currency basis. Additionally, cross-border volume, or the volume that is generated from cardholders who travel outside of the country where the card is issued, was up 23.6%.  Processed transactions, or the transactions processed across MasterCard's network, increased 15.7% to 4.9 billion in the first quarter. We continue to benefit from the global diversification of our business and our ability to generate significant volume, transactions, and revenue from economies outside of the U.S. where economic conditions are generally more favorable than in the U.S.  Net revenue yield was 19.4 basis points in the quarter versus 18 basis points in the first quarter of 2007. The improvement in revenue yield can be primarily attributed to pricing changes and underlying business growth.  Let’s turn to page six. Here you can see that net operations fees increased 31.4%, or $205 million, to $858 million in the first quarter. Gross operations fees increased 30.2%, or $219 million, to $944 million. This growth was driven by several factors.  First, growth in process transactions, cross-border volumes, and gross dollar volume that I previously described on page five.  Second, the continued impact of pricing changes in new programs implemented in the second quarter 2007, including changes related to stand in authorization pricing, pricing for acceptance development fees, and a new fee associated with rewards programs. Additionally, we implemented a new account enhancement service that allows our customers to move cardholders to different programs without a change in account numbers.  Third, new pricing changes in January of 2008 on cross-border acquiring volumes and on retail purchases in the U.S. by non-U.S. cardholders.  In the first quarter, net operations fees as a percentage of growth operations fees improved slightly. Our operations fees rebate were tempered by an adjustment due to a customer who did not achieve performance hurdles included in their business agreement.  On page eight, we show that net assessments increased 23.7%, or $62 million to $324 million versus the first quarter of 2007. Gross assessment increased 20.4%, or $94 million to $554 million due to strong GDV growth. Net assessments as a percentage of gross assessments improved slightly compared to the first quarter of 2007. MasterCard's performance-based pricing continues to moderate the impact of relatively lower U.S. volumes on our revenue. Additionally, as was the case with the operations fees we did this quarter, assessment fee rebates were tempered by the same adjustment related to a customer who did not achieve performance hurdlers included in their business agreement.  Please turn to page eight for some detail on expenses. During the first quarter, total operating expenses increased 10.9%, of which 3.3 percentage points were related to currency fluctuations. This increase was mainly driven by two factors. First, a 10.9% increase in general and administrative expense, of which 2.9 percentage points were related to currency fluctuations. The growth in G&A was driven by higher personnel costs, partially offset by foreign exchange settlement gains.  Excluding the impact of FX, the personnel costs increased 16.1%, primarily associated with the hiring of additional staff and contractors over the past year, mainly in technology, customer-facing, and product positions.  Second, an 11.6% increase in advertising and marketing expenses. Currency fluctuations represented 4.4 percentage points of this increase. A&M growth was primarily due to the timing of expenses for European sponsorship activities, as well as investment in high growth markets.  Moving to the cash flow statement and balance sheet highlights on page nine, we generated $224 million in cash flow from operations during the quarter. We ended the quarter with $2.9 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and available for sale securities. Both short- and long-term available for sale securities decreased by $281 million, primarily due to the sale of the remaining shares of our Redecard investment, the sale of short-term bond funds and auction rate securities, and investment losses.  We also reclassified $237 million of auction rate securities to non-current assets due to the current lack of liquidity on those securities given market conditions.  As of quarter end, we had repurchased approximately 1.5 million class A shares in the open market for $294 million. Stock repurchases results in a $0.02 per share increase to basic EPS for the quarter.  I will now turn the call back over to Bob for some comments on 2008. 
Robert W. Selander: Before moving to the Q&A, join me on page 10 and I would like to highlight a few items for your consideration, as you refine and update your models for the second quarter of 2008.  First, there were two special items in the second quarter of 2007 -- a $3 million litigation settlement and other income of $90 million related to the World Cup settlement agreement.  Second, our outlook for full year 2008 remains unchanged from January. We expect slower net revenue growth than 2007 but still at double-digit rates. G&A expenses should grow at a rate that is both slower than net revenue growth and below the 2007 G&A growth rate.  With respect to advertising and marketing expenditures, we expect continued modest growth, particularly to support our efforts in international markets.  These guidelines assume current FX rates, no global recession, and no event which significantly disrupts cross-border travel.  Finally, as I mentioned last quarter, we are currently evaluating whether it is appropriate to update our existing three to five-year long-term performance objectives and we expect to address these at our annual investment community meeting in May.  To wrap up, we are very happy with our first quarter results. We remain committed to growing our business while managing costs and investments to add value to our customers, merchants, and shareholder. 
Barbara Gasper: We are now ready to begin the question-and-answer period. In order to get to as many people as possible in our allotted timeframe, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question with one follow-up and then queue back in for additional questions. Operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Patrick Burton with Citigroup. Please proceed. 
Patrick M. Burton - Citigroup: Congratulations on the fantastic numbers. My question deals with the settlement gains in G&A. Where does that number show up on the income statement? Thanks. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: That shows really up on other G&A. 
Patrick M. Burton - Citigroup: Okay, and as a follow-up, is that a hedge then on your foreign denominated G&A expenses?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Exactly. We do expect [inaudible] hedging to really only transactional hedging activities and any gains or losses that could happen as a result of hedging those underlying exposures are reflected in that line item. 
Patrick M. Burton - Citigroup: Thank you and congratulations again on the numbers. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Moshe Katri with Cowen & Co. Please proceed. 
Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co.: Thanks. Congratulations again on a very strong quarter. Can you quantify the portion of your revenues that are considered non-discretionary in terms of -- we’re talking about consumer spending. And then on top of that, can you also talk a bit about the U.S. business, if there is anything unusual that took place during the March quarter on a month-by-month basis that will get you a bit more cautious looking at the June quarter, maybe September quarters as well? Thanks. 
Robert W. Selander: With regard to the first one, we really don’t break out across the world discretionary versus non-discretionary volumes. As you know, we do have our spending pulse information that we put out monthly, both in the U.S. and the U.K., which tracks retail sales and that’s the broad retail sales and figures, not just the MasterCard figures. So we capture competing payments products in that.  And the trends that we talked about in previous quarters seem to continue in the U.S. with regard to the growth rate of retail sales versus the same period prior year is continuing on a down trend.  If you look at the specifics for March, you had a -- I guess it was ex auto -- let me try and remember this data, I think it was a 5.3% increase in retail sales. But if you take out gasoline as well, the retail sales were only up 3.6%. If you were to go back to the first quarter of 2007, you’d have seen growth rates that were well above that, and so the comment I made about the mix change occurring has continued and the rate of growth relative to prior years seems to be continuing to slow in the U.S. March has some anomalies around it because of a relatively early Easter, which occurred at the end of March and we’ll see how those anomalies work out as the April data comes together. 
Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co.: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Frisch with UBS. Please proceed.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Thanks and another quarter of phenomenal results. Going into a specific quarter, how much of your expense base is fixed and how much can be determined during the quarter as you see how your top line is progressing?
Robert W. Selander: I think probably Martina and I will both take a crack at that but generally at the beginning of a quarter, pretty much everything is fixed for that quarter. If you take a look at those items that you would think about being discretionary over the course of the next year or so, marketing expenses are one of the first things that come to mind but a large proportion of our advertising and marketing involve multi-year, in many cases, sponsorship commitments. Clearly when you put together a program, those commitments are made months if not quarters in advance in terms of media buys and other activities.  With regard to the G&A, there is some discretion obviously in terms of the short-term pace of bringing on contractors for certain of the projects that we might need, for example, development resources for our systems area but generally there is not a lot that we can do one month to the next within a given quarter. I don’t know if you wanted to add any highlights to that. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Just on G&A, as you know our personnel cost is roughly 70%, 75% of the G&A. That’s not just only full-time employees but also contractors in there and it depends on what kind of customer implementations we actually do in a particular quarter or in the future. We obviously have -- you know, we can throttle the number up and down from a contractor point of view.  We have a number of other line items in G&A, such as professional fees, which could be throttled up and down from time to time, G&A. However, you have to note that a lot of those costs are dedicated to really investments that we are doing for future growth, so I do agree with Bob that while we have probably on the margins some room to throttle up and down, as we are going into the year and every quarter, there’s probably more of a fixed component than a variable component. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay, thanks for that color. And then just one point of clarification -- the customer termination agreement, the gain of $0.37. Was that the World Cup or was that something different?
Robert W. Selander: That was something different that occurred this year. The settlement we had last year in the second quarter for $90 million went through our income in 2007 -- 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Right, 2007, so what was the customer termination agreement this quarter?
Robert W. Selander: This was with relationship to a customer who terminated their agreement and as a result of our not having the benefit of that agreement, we received a one-time settlement which worked its way through our income statement this quarter. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Did that have any material effect on volumes or transactions at all?
Robert W. Selander: Well, for the quarter it did not, no. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Will it in the future quarters?
Robert W. Selander: Well, to the extent we don’t retain this business as the customer has sold the business, it could, yes. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Grausam with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Elizabeth W. Grausam - Goldman Sachs: I’d just like to touch a little bit more on the pricing environment as the price, the growth you achieved from pricing changes this quarter certainly outperformed our expectations. Could you give us some outlook as to how much you expect pricing changes to contribute to your full-year outlook, and also other opportunities you may see in your portfolio of businesses to affect pricing changes over the course of the year?
Martina Hund-Mejean: First of all, it’s fair to say that the pricing impact on the quarter was extraordinary and I think we were really benefited by a couple of things. One, in the line items where we did have some price increases and as you know, we always wrap value propositions around that that really have to have a value to the customer. But in those line items, we actually enjoyed a particular nice growth, which obviously contributed to the percentage point increase on the pricing.  Secondly, we have been more effective, I believe, in implementing the pricing changes in January of 2008. When you look at the number, that 6 percentage point increase, you do have a lapping effect in the form of the price increases that we did in the second quarter of 2007, so certainly those -- that impact will not continue as we are going into the second quarter. It will basically fall off so I would expect that you are going to see some lower number in the future quarters. 
Elizabeth W. Grausam - Goldman Sachs: Great, and just kind of a discussion of where you think in your business you have the most pricing leverage. It certainly seems that the cross-border market, cross-border volume growth is supporting increased pricing changes in that particular line item of your business, yet that also seems to be a fairly volatile portion of the business, depending on travel. Can you help us understand where you see in your business mix the most pricing leverage going forward and where you bring competitive advantage to effect those pricing changes?
Robert W. Selander: One of the things that we’ve been working on is broadening our offerings to our customers, so if we enhance an existing service and that provides more value, than we may have a pricing opportunity there. But to the extent we can bring new services where we now are competing for money they are spending elsewhere, that gives us the most flexibility and that’s a significant portion of our focus. You probably will recall earlier in this month we announced, and I mentioned this morning, our IPS system which will give us an opportunity to provide additional debt related services, processing services, fraud services, et cetera, to our U.S. customers initially. So that’s where I think we see the greatest opportunity. 
Elizabeth W. Grausam - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Hochstim with Bear Stearns. Please proceed.
David Hochstim - Bear Stearns: I’m wondering, can you just talk about the rebate adjustment and how significant of an affect that had on rebate and incentives and the net revenue yield? I mean, is the net revenue yield sustainable at these levels then?
Martina Hund-Mejean: David, let me take that. It’s not a significant impact on either of the numbers. It has a slight impact but when you really look at the rebate line for [inaudible], it is still around right about 10% of growth and when you look at the rebates and incentive line on the assessments side, you are not really seeing a big change. As we said before, you really have to be careful to look at this on a quarter by quarter basis. You really need to look at it on a year-over-year basis but all we wanted to call out, because you saw some slight improvement in the net, that really is coming down to a flat development when you pull out this particular item. 
David Hochstim - Bear Stearns: Okay, so the net revenue yield could continue at about this level?
Martina Hund-Mejean: No, let me just talk a little bit about net revenue yield. The 19.4 basis points that you see for this quarter contrast to about 18 basis points in the year-ago quarter and really of that 1.4 basis points difference, 0.9 is about due to the pricing changes and 0.5 is about due to the business, underlying business growth. So in terms of looking at it in the future, and I think we are going to probably have a more robust discussion at our May investor meeting, but one thing you need to take into account on the 0.9 movement for the pricing, again as I said before we have the lapping effect there from the second quarter of 2007 that will obviously not continue in the next few quarters, and therefore you at least are going to have to take that one out. But we are still holding firm with our view that you are going to see a gently downward trend and then we are going to have a more robust discussion about it at our investor meeting in May. 
David Hochstim - Bear Stearns: Okay, and then just to clarify on the termination of the contract, how should we think about the payment relative to the net revenues that were generated by that contract, or could you give us some sense of what that relationship was?
Robert W. Selander: Just an observation, the volume related with this particular deal was less than 1% of our global MasterCard volume -- 
David Hochstim - Bear Stearns: That’s GDV or -- 
Robert W. Selander: -- for the past year, so that puts a framework on it. 
David Hochstim - Bear Stearns: Less than 1% of GDV?
Robert W. Selander: Yeah, purchase volume. 
David Hochstim - Bear Stearns: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Thanks. Good morning. I had a question about the cross-border fee increase, which was higher than we expected and the volumes are still looking strong there. Can you give us some high level details on the mix of cars that are driving the volume growth? How much is from the U.S. versus Latin America, Asia-Pac, et cetera?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Really from when we looked at and we did study that as you know in Q4 very much in detail because we wanted to be sure that we do understand the trends in terms of how many foreigners are coming to the United States versus Americans traveling overseas, and really the effect that we talked about in Q4 have really not changed much in Q1. And what we came down to is it is really Europeans traveling outside of Europe, not just into the United States but also in other regions in the world. It is really Latin Americans traveling for a significant extent outside of their country, some of them obviously also come to the United States. And then we have some movement -- I think that was a smaller part of it, of residents in any countries in the Asia-Pacific region traveling again outside of their country.  So we really have not seen a change in pattern from what we saw in Q4. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Got it. So the contribution from U.S. traveling outside of their own borders is not -- it sounds like that trend has not changed. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: It has not really changed. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then just in terms of the outlook on the portfolio conversions going forward -- any others that we should be aware of here as we go through the balance of the year? And I noticed that there was a sequential decline -- it’s small -- in debit cards in the U.S. Anything to read into there and does that link to the contract termination fee?
Martina Hund-Mejean: We have -- no, that’s really not linked to that but when you look at our -- just in the United States, when you look at the GDV, when you look at the purchase volume, when you look at the transaction volume, and in particular when you look at the debit line, you have to recognize that in the first quarter of ’07, we still had the effect of a large debit conversion of one customer in there which, you know, once you do that you just kind of [inaudible] for two years, so you still had it and you had the effect in Q108 versus Q107. So when you pull that out, in fact our growth rates are slightly higher than what you saw in Q107. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Did you say which region the lost contract came from? Was it in the U.S. or outside the U.S.?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Lost contract?
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: I’m sorry, the contract termination, the portfolio of cards that you lost -- did you give us the details on the region that was sourced from?
Martina Hund-Mejean: We did not. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Got it. If I can just sneak in a last quick question just for Bob, just maybe your high level thoughts on what is going on in the hill regarding a change in the Credit Card Fee Act, et cetera -- what are the implications there for MasterCard? Thanks. 
Robert W. Selander: Well, there’s two sets of activities, as you know. There have been some hearings taking place frankly focused on issuer practices and various customers of ours have been involved in conversations or testimony around those practices. Clearly those issuers have been paying attention and where there were practices that needed an adjustment or amendment, I think they’ve been stepping up to that. So I think the industry has been quite responsive in that regard.  As you probably also know, Congressman Connors put through a proposal on interchange legislation. We believe that a free market approach towards how that rate gets set and determined is much more appropriate than having congress come in and legislate how that gets done. And so we will continue to work with others in the industry to ensure that the interested merchants and cardholders are looked out for and not legislated by our congress. 
Barbara Gasper: Operator, next question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Maurer with Calyon. Please proceed.
Craig Maurer - Calyon Securities: Good morning. Thanks for taking my call. First question is around the rebates outlook, you discussed clearly a weakening U.S. economy. What’s your thoughts currently now on getting some of that rebate effect back to your benefit later in the year?
Martina Hund-Mejean: Let me just start with that. We have already given our thoughts for 2008 in terms of what we believe from a net revenue growth point of view, meaning that we do believe it is lower than 2007 but we will still be double-digit and I think that does comprehend what we are thinking about rebates and incentives. If we have anything else to add to that, I think the appropriate time would be for us to do that at the end of May at the investor meeting. 
Craig Maurer - Calyon Securities: Okay. And when looking at my model, I am trying to put the trends around the marketing line. Should we assume that you might have an increase around the Olympics, so perhaps a little more marketing would be weighted to the third quarter of this year? Thanks. 
Robert W. Selander: I think it is probably more appropriate to look at the second quarter as a place that will get more weighting this year. We have significant football events -- that’s soccer -- in the case of the European Champions League, as well as the quadrennial European Championship that will be played in the course of the second quarter. The finals, of course, for the European Championship will be I guess in Vienna at the end of June. So this will be a year that is more analogous to the one that we had in 2006 where we had a similar second quarter, at that time World Cup event, which resulted in significant promotional and marketing support. 
Craig Maurer - Calyon Securities: Okay, and if I could just get some clarification on something Martina had said, regarding the revenue yield and the 0.9 points of increase versus last year due to pricing changes, how much of that is related to the recent pricing changes that we’ll see repeat and how much of that are you growing over? Thanks. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Craig, I would say that the lesser amount is related to 2007 and a larger amount is related to 2008 but I would like to leave it at that. 
Craig Maurer - Calyon Securities: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anurag Rana with Keybanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Anurag Rana - Keybanc Capital Markets: Good morning, everyone. Congratulations on a good quarter. If you look back, GDV growth in Europe was averaging around 14% in local currency from 2004 to 2006, and we saw this growth rate increase to 18.4% in the fourth quarter and again above 17% in the current quarter. Could you please help us understand the key reasons for the increase in these growth rates? And then I have a follow-up. 
Robert W. Selander: The only thing I can observe on that is we’ve obviously had rapid growth in our business over there. As you will have noted, we’ve seen an increase in the number of MasterCard cards there consistently over the last several years. We had a couple of significant deals which began converting last year and we’ve seen continued converting, which we’ve shared with your previously with regard to -- for example, Lloyds TSB as well as HBOS, the Halifax Bank of Scotland in the U.K. So while I can’t point to a specific card base or market, it’s those type of events coupled with relatively healthy economies, although they are showing in both the U.K. and a couple of the continental European markets a bit of a slowdown. Those economies are generally remaining quite healthy for us. 
Anurag Rana - Keybanc Capital Markets: Thanks, and are you seeing any trends regarding the greater use of debt in the U.S. at this point, as compared to historical trends?
Robert W. Selander: Well, I think that we continue to see debit as a major opportunity not just in the United States but globally. And if you do look at the growth rates that we reported specifically for the U.S., you can see that charge and credit growth was, in terms of purchase volume, was about 6% first quarter, whereas debit growth was something over 18%. So what we see is increased acceptance by consumers of not just using their debit cards to get cash at ATMs but also going to the point of sale, coupled with a broadening of the issuance of those products in the United States. 
Anurag Rana - Keybanc Capital Markets: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Brendler with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. Good morning. I wondered if you could talk a little bit more -- not to bit a dead horse a little bit here but the price increase, the new one that’s January ’08, my understanding from the conversation this morning is it’s a cross-border related fee for non-U.S. customers traveling to the U.S. Is that correct?
Martina Hund-Mejean: There are a number of components in the pricing adjustments that we did. We typically don’t put out any specific component. I think we talked generally about it, the ones that are more significantly impact our financial statements and there were two things that we really talked about -- one, the new pricing changes on cross-border acquiring volumes. That’s one change, and the other change is for any retail purchases that are done in the U.S. by non-U.S. cardholders, there was a pricing change. So those the most significant ones that we can point to but let me tell you, there were a number of changes that we had in the menu. 
Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, that’s helpful. I guess what I was going to hope to do as a follow-up is if you could address some of those pricing changes in any level of detail relative to the comment that you are sensitive to your customers and the fact that they are struggling financially, or many of them are struggling financially, given what’s going on in the world economy, and especially here in the U.S.  And also, this discussion of the cross-border interchange ruling in Europe -- do any of these things have any impact in terms of being sensitive to your customers and also the cross border regulatory ruling? Does that have any impact on your ability or what you’ve decided to do in January in the price increases or are those kind of -- you have value-added services that you are adding, you feel like you are pricing appropriately for, so I think you are remaining sensitive to those issues and it’s not a concern going forward?
Robert W. Selander: I think you summarized it very well just then. When we produce additional value, we feel we can price for that and it’s a win-win situation and obviously to the extent we offer a new service that may bring let’s say scale to a customer where they don’t have scale, that saves them money and it gives us new revenues that we would not otherwise have had.  We are working with our customers in all parts of the world and these are challenging times for many of them. Clearly the customers in the U.S. with where we are going in terms of the credit cycle and so forth, are feeling pressures in their payments business if they have not felt pressures in some other part of their company, due to mortgage or other issues.  So we do work with them on things like portfolio optimization. We work to improve their marketing effectiveness. We will work with them on how they broaden and expand the usage of existing products, so we have efforts underway, for example, to get into the utilities and rental categories, which are other non-discretionary spend areas to see if we can help our customers capture those on our products. And then we are also working on helping them to explore and grow into other areas, such as healthcare.  Specifically with regard to the cross-border interchange issue in Europe, as you know we are not direct economic participants in interchange. That’s a flow from the acquirer, financial institution, that goes back to the issuing institution. And what we are trying to do is ensure that we do not have a situation where MasterCard is not viewed as a good product to be issued by issuers, or for that matter a product that wouldn’t be appropriate to continue to be acquired by acquirers.  So while it doesn’t impact us directly, we are working to find a way both to comply from our perspective about the order but to also maintain a competitiveness and attractiveness of our products.  Over time, if there is an undermining of the capabilities of issuers or acquirers because of regulatory intervention, to have acceptable business cases they are going to slow down their investments in their payments business and clearly that will have an impact on us because there will be less robust growth, less support for the activities we are involved with.  So that’s the longer term implications if we don’t manage through this in the short-term in a positive way. 
Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus: Absolutely. Just one quick follow-up, if I could; the fee for the non-U.S. customers traveling to the U.S., is that primarily passed on to the consumer?
Martina Hund-Mejean: It’s an acquiring fee, so it’s paid by the acquirer at that point in time. That’s all I can say. 
Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. Please proceed. 
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods: Thank you. I appreciate that regional color on the cross-border volume but I was just wondering -- in your analysis, have you guys attempted to sort of decipher how much is driven by a fundamental change in the way customers or consumers are traveling versus what is being cyclically driven? And then I have one follow-up. Thank you. 
Robert W. Selander: The answer is we haven’t been able to sort it the way that or parse it the way you’ve described. Clearly we have fairly robust data on how transaction patterns occur and that’s something that we work with our customers to better position ourselves and them to both support their cardholders, to capitalize on promotions and other things that we might do with merchants. But we haven’t got that kind of data to share with you today. 
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods: Okay, great. And then just on the M&A environment, I was wondering if you had any thoughts on it or any color to offer? Thanks. 
Robert W. Selander: Well, I guess two observations -- the first is that we’ve indicated that any time we would look at, and we do look at various opportunities, we go through a criteria that includes does this align with our strategy, will it make financial sense for the company and shareholders over time, can we integrate this and if we are not capable from an experienced management standpoint within MasterCard, are we going to be getting talent as a result of the deal? The only transaction I would point to that closed -- I guessed it closed on April 1st, was our deal with Europay France. That is a business that we’ve now -- I won’t say we’ve fully integrated it but we certainly have made it part of the MasterCard family in Europe and that will enable us to provide additional services to banks in France, and over time we hope to take advantage of some of the things they were doing there possibly in other parts of Europe. 
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods: I know pricing was a big issue. Have you seen any noticeable shift in terms of pricing?
Martina Hund-Mejean: No, not really. I mean, all that we have to say we already said. 
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Murphy with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Charles Murphy - Morgan Stanley: I thought it was interesting how strong purchase GDV growth in Europe was. Is it possible to isolate how much of European purchased GDV comes from cross-border GDV?
Robert W. Selander: I’m sure somewhere we have that data. I don’t have it handy and it is not something that I believe we’ve shared at this point in time. Obviously within Europe we have about 50 countries in our Europe region, so it is much more than the EU. It goes right through what would be considered Eastern Europe and includes Russia, Turkey. So we do have, as you know, a situation where it is pretty easy to jump in your are and driver across two or three borders in the course of a couple of hours in much of Europe, so there is a reasonably strong mix of cross-border activity that takes place in that market. 
Charles Murphy - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and as a quick follow-up, I think you’ve hinted in the past that most process transactions come from the U.S., U.K., Canada, Brazil, and Australia. Could you describe the key hurdle to winning new process transaction business in Asia-Pacific and in Latin America?
Robert W. Selander: Well, the hurdles are pretty much the same everywhere in the world. Generally you have banks or bank-owned consortiums operating in many of these markets and as the banks look at whether or not those are economically attractive things for them to continue to do, or in some cases when they decide they want to heighten the competition so that as an individual financial institution, they can differentiate themselves either with the merchants when it comes to dealing with the merchants on the acquiring side or with the cardholders on the issuing side.  You tend to see an evolution where they begin to think okay, I want to take on my own issuing or my own acquiring and these shared companies that they’ve established are either sold or in some other way -- I’m hesitant to say disposed of but take the case of the acquiring business in Brazil. You saw a group of banks there spin off Redecard or a portion of Redecard through an IPO. We were a participant in that, as you know, and have completed the sale of our Redecard shares.  We see analogous situations in many of the other markets around Latin America and Asia. That’s playing out the way the U.S. -- or we think it will play out similarly to the way the U.S. is playing out and the way the game is afoot in Europe today. 
Charles Murphy - Morgan Stanley: Thanks very much. 
Barbara Gasper: Operator, I think we have time for one more question, please. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Bruce Harting with Lehman Brothers. Please proceed.
Bruce W. Harting - Lehman Brothers: Thanks. Just following up on the last question, it does look like your purchase volume in Europe, if I go back three years or so, continues to pick up and if I’m reading this correctly, it was your strongest quarter in quite a while. It seems like you and Javier have said that SEPA is not going to be like a big bang where you just go from one quarter to the next and announce you’ve made some big wins in processing and other things. So how much of the steady growth are we seeing as Europe creeps up and contributes a larger portion of your overall GDV and revenue if SEPA wins, or sort of the Lufthansa win or the Carte Bancaires win? And will this be just a very subtle but very promising trend that we see develop each quarter? And your economies of scale just continue to amaze, and Asia continues to creep up quietly as well as a percent of GDV. I’m wondering if -- I know you don’t break out your expense or marketing by region, but is that getting a disproportionate amount of that spend? Thanks. 
Robert W. Selander: Let me try and take a crack at that. I guess there were a couple of questions embedded there. With regard to Europe and the points that Javier and other of my colleagues have made, I would agree that we don’t see this as one day all of a sudden our business is going to double or whatever. Rather, it is through blocking and tackling as domestic players look at whether or not they are going to continue to run their domestic processors or maintain their domestic brands. And we are very well-positioned with Maestro on over 300 million cards in Europe to offer -- in fact, we’ve built it with the banks in Europe over the last 15 years, really the leading cross-border debit alternative in Europe.  And that migration from national use only brands to Maestro has begun. I believe we referred to this -- I’m not sure we did it in the last quarter’s call but we have about 20 million cards in Germany, Italy, Ireland, Portugal and The Netherlands where there are agreements and we are beginning to see those cards as they are reissued as Maestro cards begin to function and operate as Maestro cards.  If you look across Europe, we are now in a position where we can process a larger number because of the connectivity of transactions that might otherwise have gone through as domestic transactions. So for example in Italy, over 14% of all debit card transactions are processed by MasterCard under our Maestro brand and we see that continuing to grow, both the number of transactions as well as the penetration of that. So we are very optimistic about what that means in Europe.  With regard to your sort of embedded second question, we are very optimistic about our growth in many markets around the world. Asia-Pacific has demonstrated very strong growth this quarter as compared with some of their past quarters, and so that is in part a reflection of the healthy economies out there but also in the degree to which there is a lot of cross-border activity taking place within that region as well. And of course, we process all the cross-border transactions. 
Martina Hund-Mejean: Let me just add to Bob’s remarks a little bit based on what he said before -- you know, for the deals that we have struck in Europe, we do see some increased volume and we basically attribute that to two factors; one, obviously the value proposition that we have with our platform in Europe, but two, also the increased secular, or let’s say continuing secular trends from paper to electronic payments in Europe, which we believe is a very promising trend going forward. 
Bruce W. Harting - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. 
Operator: At this time, we would like to turn the call over to Mr. Bob Selander, Chief Executive Officer, for closing remarks. 
Robert W. Selander: I really don’t have a lot to add. I appreciate all of you joining us today. We are very pleased with our results for the first quarter and we look forward to speaking with all of you again when we talk about the second quarter. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you all for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Gasper - IR Robert W. Selander - President and CEO Martina Hund-Mejean - CFO
Analysts: Charles Murphy - Morgan Stanley Adam Frisch - UBS Anurag Rana - Keybanc Capital Markets Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co. Elizabeth W. Grausam - Goldman Sachs & Co. Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan Craig Maurer - Calyon Securities Christopher Mammone - Deutsche Bank, North America David Hochstim - Bear Stearns
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the fourth quarter 2007 Master Card Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My Name is Katrina and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call Ms. Barbara Casper, Head of Investor Relations, please proceed.
Barbara Gasper - Investor Relations: Thank you, Katrina. And good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining us, either by phone or by Webcast for a discussion about our fourth quarter and full-year 2007 financial results. With me on the call this morning are Bob Selander, President and Chief Executive Officer. Martina Hund-Mejean, our Chief Financial Officer and Tara Maguire, our Corporate Controller. Following some comments by Bob and Martina highlighting key points about the fourth quarter and the full-year, we will open of the call for your questions. In total, the call will last up to one hour. This morning's earnings release on the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the investor relations section of our website MasterCard.com. The earnings release and the slide deck that have been had been attached to the 8-K that we filed with the SEC this morning. A replay of this call will be a posted on our website for one week until February the 7th. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today’s earnings release I need to remind everyone that today's call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our recent SEC filings. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Bob Selander, Bob?
Robert W. Selander - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Barbara and good morning everyone. We are thrilled with our strong financial performance in both the fourth and full-year. These results demonstrate our success in leveraging our assets and global business models to differentiate MasterCard in the marketplace. Our diverse offerings and payment insights are clearly resonating with our customer financial institutions and merchants who continue to appreciate the value we provide to their businesses. Turning to Page two of the slide deck. In the fourth quarter, we delivered net income of $304 million or $2.26 per share on a diluted basis. This includes after-tax gains of $185 million or $1.37 per share from additional sales of our investments in Redecard. We once again recorded, quarterly net revenue of over $1 billion, up nearly 28% of the fourth quarter of 2006. This was driven by strong growth in gross dollar volume and process transactions. Including cross-border volumes, which grew by over 27%. Additionally, pricing adjustments contributed approximately 2% of the revenue growth in the quarter. Finally, we saw our operating margin improve 10.3 percentage points, 16% from 5.7%, excluding special items, demonstrating the continued leveragability of our business model. I am sure you are wondering how the economy will affect our ability to maintain these strong results. So let me spend a moment on slide three to make a few observations about the current economic situation in the United States and what it means for MasterCard. Although we have not seen the same impact in our business that the slowdown in the US economy has had on other financial services companies, continued weakness has the potential to slow the rate of our US growth in the future. However, there are four distinct factors about our business that put us in the better position in times of economic uncertainty in the United State. First, a significant portion of our business is transaction driven. We can't predict the future of the US economy but regardless of what happens, we expect that consumers will continue to transact. While consumer spend might be slowing relative to what we have seen in the past, MasterCard US data from the 2001 recession indicates that transactions grew to rates that exceeded volume growth. Additionally, MasterCard advisors’ spending pulse data, which captures more than card based payments, indicates that a mix shift in consumer spending is occurring. Over the past several months, consumers have moved away from discretionary items such as jewelry, full service restaurants, and home furnishings for everyday purchases including gasoline, grocery, and personal healthcare items. This movement to everyday purchases aligns well with where MasterCard is broadly positioned in consumer's wallet. For us, the shift in spending patterns translated into higher fourth-quarter growth rates in US volumes when compared to third quarter of 2007. Let me repeat that, the shift in spending patterns translated into higher fourth quarter growth rates in US volumes when compared to the third quarter of 2007. Second, about half of our business is generated outside of the United States, in regions which are currently experiencing better economic conditions. Our global business model adds diversification to our revenue base and helps to insulate MasterCard from the effects of local economic downturns. MasterCard's business is much more sensitive to disruption and cross border travel, than it is to consumer spending or retail sales in any one region. Third, the secular shift from paper to electronic forms of payment continues to be strong despite a challenging economic environment in the United States. One example of this is the growth of the e-commerce sector as consumers shift their shopping patterns from in-store to online purchases. Finally, since we don't issue cards, we don't have the risk of credit write-offs, as we are not directly exposed to consumer debt. We are closely monitoring the impact that a weaker U.S. economy could have on our customers’ payment businesses and we'll adjust our resource allocation as our customers manage their plans. Overall, we continue to have confidence in our ability to drive future growth and deliver shareholder value. Before turning the call over to Martina, there are few developments on page four that I would like to highlight. On the legal and regulatory front in December, we received a ruling from the European Commission with respect to our cross border interchange rates. As you know, we are not economic beneficiaries of interchange, but there is no immediate direct impact on MasterCard's financials. We plan to file an appeal with the European Court of First Instance, by the beginning of March. They're carefully analyzing the commission's decision and hope to meet with the Commission in the near future to discuss their decision. We intend to comply with the commission's order during appeal process and are prepared to take action to ensure that our payment products remain competitive. At this time, we are unable to comment further on the decision. Switching gears for a minute, let me provide you with an update on our progress related to SEPA, Single European Payments Area. Despite some of the uncertainties surrounding SEPA, we have made very good progress and we continue to believe that MasterCard has the best product solution for banks in Europe to become SEPA compliant. We've completed migration agreements from national use only brands to Mystro, for roughly 20 million cards, Germany, Italy, Ireland, Portugal and the Netherlands. All of these agreements cover brands and some also include domestic processing. This is incremental to all offering debit cards, which had already migrated to Mystro. Additionally, domestic transactions on all cards issued to the Mystro logo can now be routed through our network if an acquirer or merchant chooses to do so. As a result, we've now started processing some domestic transactions on over a 140 million cards, during both the domestic and Mystro brands in Ireland, Portugal, Italy, Austria, The Netherlands, and Germany. This means that even if a bank does not migrate their national branch to Mystro, MasterCard can still gain incremental domestic processing business. On our US litigation, we have no significant updates to report at this time. As I just mentioned on slide 2, 2007, we recognized gains from sales of a significant portion of our investments in Redecard in the fourth quarter and for the full year. We recognized after tax gains of $185 million and $254 million respectively. These gains have been reported as investment income on our income statement. In October of 2007, our Board approved a $750 million Class A common stock repurchase program, it was incremental to the $500 million program announced last April. The aggregate repurchase program totals $1.25 billion. As of December 31st, 2007 approximately 4 million shares of Class A common stock had been repurchased at a cost of $601 million while the aggregate program was about half way complete at that time. Also during 2007, we implemented and completed two separate conversion programs in which 11.4 million shares out of an eligible 13.4 million shares of Class B common stock were converted into Class A common stock and subsequently sold to public investors. As a reminder, our Class B shares are held by our customer financial institutions. As a result of these repurchase and conversion programs, as of year end 2007, Class A shares represented 67% of total shares outstanding, 10% of which was held by the MasterCard Foundation. With that, I will now turn the call over to Martina for a more detailed update on the financial results.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Bob and good morning everyone. I am pleased to be part of the MasterCard team and I look forward to meeting you all soon. Let me begin on page five of the slide deck. As Bob mentioned, net revenue for the quarter was almost $1.1 billion, an increase of 27.8% versus the year ago quarter. Currency fluctuations of the euro and the Brazilian Real, relative to the US dollar contributed 4.7 percentage points of the net revenue increase, resulting in organic growth of 23.1%. Approximately two percentage points of this was due to pricing adjustments. Our operating income of $172 million resulted in an operating margin of 16%, a 10.3 percentage point improvement over last year, excluding the impact of special items. As we've mentioned in the past, our strong revenue growth enabled us to leverage our operating margin. The margin contribution from revenue growth was more than twice as much as the impact from expenses. The contribution from foreign exchange was less than one percentage points. Net income was $304 million or $2.26 per share on a diluted basis. Without the impact of gains from the sale of a portion of our investment in Redecards, fourth quarter EPS was $0.89 per share on a diluted basis. Turning to page six, in the fourth quarter, we saw a double-digit in both gross dollar volumes and process transactions across all regions. GDV grew 15.2% on a local currency basis and 20.9% on a U.S. dollar converted basis, $634 billion. The fourth quarter was the 15th consecutive quarter of double-digit worldwide gross dollar volume growth on a local currency basis. And despite the economic downturn in the U.S., our U.S. GDV growth was 10% and U.S. purchase volume growth was even stronger at 11.1%. Both of these growth rates were higher on a sequential basis than the third quarter of 2007. Although not shown on page six, worldwide purchase volume was up 16.1% and cash volume was up 12.3%, both on a local currency basis. Additionally, cross border volume or the volume that is generated from card holders who travel outside of the country where their card is issued, was up 27.7%. Processed transactions, or the actions processed across MasterCard's network, increased 17.2% to $5.2 billion in the fourth quarter. While the full impact of the economic downturn in the U.S. remains to be seen, the global diversification of our business and MasterCard's ability to generate significant volume, transactions and revenue from economies outside of the U.S. remained strong. Additionally, MasterCard's performance based pricing continues to moderate the impact on revenue driven by swings in volume. In other words, because of our [inaudible] pricing arrangements, lower issue of volumes can result in lower rebates and incentives. And as Bob mentioned in his opening remarks, distorted data indicate that this secular shift from paper to electronic forms of payment continues even during times of economic slow down. As you know, one of the metrics we focus on is revenue yield. Our net revenue is $1000 of GDP. This metric was 16.9 basis points in the quarter versus 16 basis points in the fourth quarter of 2006. The improvement in revenue yield can be primarily attributed to foreign exchange, pricing adjustments and new services. Let's turn to Page 7. You can see that net operations fees increased 25.2%, $167 million to $829 million in the fourth quarter. Gross operation fees increased 25.2% or $186 million to $925 million. This growth was driven by several factors. First, growth in process transactions, first quarter volumes, and gross dollar volume that I previously described on page 6. Second, the continued impact of pricing adjustments in new programs such as higher utilization and pricing changes for stand-in authorization services, acceptance development fees and a new fee associated with rewards programs to further enhance acceptance that was implemented back in June, 2007 and other operation fees driven by new account enhancements that allow our customers to move card holders to different programs without a change in account numbers. In the fourth quarter, net operation fees as a percentage of growth operation fees remained unchanged. Since we won't be filling our 10-K until later in February, we have included the quarterly operation fees details for your reference in Appendix B to the slide text. Let's turn to Page 8, there we show the net assessment increased 37.9% versus the fourth quarter of 2006, or $67 million to $244 million. In the fourth quarter gross assessments increased 18.5% or $89 million to $569 million due to strong GDV growth. Net assessments as a percentage of growth assessments also improved, primarily due to lower growth in incentives [inaudible] volume as well as the timing and lower growth of merchant incentives. In 2007, merchant incentives were most evenly distributed throughout the year versus 2006, and a higher percentage of merchant incentives were recorded as contra revenue in the fourth quarter. Please turn to Page 9, for some detail on expenses. During the fourth quarter, total operating expenses increased 13.5% of which 3.3 percentage points were related to currency fluctuations, this increase was mainly driven by three factors. First, an increase in personnel cost for additional staff to support customer facing, technology and product areas. Personnel costs were also driven by an increase in performance incentive accruals, as well as severance expenses resulted from... resulting from a corporate resource alignment, which occurred later in the quarter. This resource realignment was undertaken to cut costs in certain areas and provided with a flexibility to invest in others and to ensure that resources were appropriately allocated to support the company's strategic priorities. This initiative resulted in the reduction of about 100 positions. As of year-end 2007, MasterCard had approximately 5,000 full-time employees. The second driver of the increase in total operating expenses was higher professional fees related to legal costs to defend outstanding litigations. And the third driver was 4.5% increase in advertising and marketing expenses versus a year ago period, primarily due to foreign exchange. Also the company made an additional $10 million cash contribution to the MasterCard Foundation in the fourth quarter this contribution completed our previously disclosed intention to contribute up to $40 million in cash to the foundation over four years following our IPO. On our last earnings call, we said we expected G&A growth in the second-half to be slightly lower than it was in the first half. In actuality, second-half G&A growth quite came in at 17.3%, slightly higher than the 16.4% we experience in the first half. This difference can be more than attributed to the severance expense related to the corporate resource realignment later in the quarter. We have included the quarterly G&A details for your reference in Appendix C. Turning to page 10, let's take a quick look at our full-year performance, which was also very impressive. We delivered net income of $1.1 billion or $8 per share on a diluted basis. This includes after-tax gains of $254 million or $1.87 per share from gains on the sale of a significant portion of our investment in Redecard. We achieved full-year net revenues of $4.1 billion, representing growth of 22.3%. Excluding the impact of currency fluctuations, organic net revenue growth was 19.2%, which includes approximately two percentage points of pricing adjustments. Net revenue growth was driven primarily by strong growth in GDV and process transactions, including cross-border volume, which grew 21.1%. Finally, we saw our full-year operating margin improve 7.8 percentage points to 27.3% from 19.5%, excluding special items in both 2006 and 2007. Similar to the fourth quarter, the margin contribution from revenue growth was more than twice as much as the impact from expenses. The contribution from foreign exchange was less than one percentage point. Moving to the cash flow statement and balance sheet highlights on page 11, we generated $770 million in cash flow from operations during 2007, $52 million of which was generated in the fourth quarter. We ended the year with $3 billion in cash, cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities. Capital expenditures increased $156 million in 2007 to accommodate our increased workforce as well as to develop new services and increase capability. In 2008, we expect both CapEx and D&A to be slightly higher than they were in 2007. As of year-end, we repurchased approximately 4 million Class A shares on aggregate amount of $601 million. About half of these shares were repurchased in the fourth quarter. And in January, we repurchased an additional 657,000 shares at a cost of $124 million. Finally, for the full-year, accrued expenses increased $135 million due to customer merchant incentives and higher personnel costs. I will now turn the call back over to Bob for some comments on our 2008 outlook.
Robert W. Selander - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Martina. Before moving to the Q&A, I'd like to address a few items on page 12. Given the uncertain U.S. economic environment, I would like to provide you with some additional thoughts about our outlook for 2008. Keeping in mind some of the points Martina and I have made already about the global balance of our business, our lack of consumer credit exposure and our commitment to adjust our initiatives as the opportunities presented by our customers in different markets evolve. First, we are currently evaluating whether it is appropriate to update our existing three-to-five year long-term performance objectives. This involves multiple factors including the evaluation of current economic and competitive conditions as well as our ongoing planning efforts. We expect to address our objectives at our annual investment community meeting this spring. When thinking about 2008, there are three items I would like to highlight. First, we expect slower net revenue growth than 2007, but still at double-digit rates. Second, our G&A expenses should grow to a rate that is both slower than net revenue growth and below the 2007 G&A growth rate. As we moderate our hiring as compared with last year. And finally, with respect to advertising and marketing expenses we anticipate continued modest growth particularly to support our efforts in international markets. These guidelines assume current foreign exchange rates no global recession, no event which significantly disrupts cross-border travel. To wrap up, we are trilled with our fourth quarter and full-year results. And continue to be encouraged by the transaction growth and cross-border trends we are experiencing. We are committed to growing the business and adding value for our customers, merchants and shareholders.
Barbara Gasper - Investor Relations: We are now ready to begin the question-and-answer period. In order to get to as many people as possible in our allotted timeframe, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question with one follow-up and then queue back in to ask additional questions. Katrina, can we start the Q&A please? Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Charlie Murphy representing Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Charles Murphy - Morgan Stanley: Thanks very much. We’ve heard about a price increase, which MasterCard implemented in January '08 to its merchant acquirer customers, could you size for us what percent of the currency conversion and cross-border fees are cross-border, and then what percent of those fees are charged to merchant acquires to help us potentially size that price increase?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Charlie. Let me take that one. First of all, we obviously don't comment on specific price increases until such time where you actually see it showing up in our financial statements. We don't comment on those obviously for competitive reasons too. It's very sensitive from a competitive point of view. As we said already in the prepared remarks, both the fourth quarter and the full year is actually impacted by… positively impacted by two percentage points in terms of price adjustments. I think we would call it price adjustments, because it is not just price increases typically wrapped around the value proposition that we have for our customer. I think we're really not prepared to break it into its parts.
Charles Murphy - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Frisch representing UBS. Please proceed.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Thanks, good morning guys and nice quarter. I think you’re the only green stock on my screen so far today. So a nice job there. On the expense items that you spoke about, the A&M and G&A, lots of questions we get from investors speaking about '08. Obviously, the growth isn’t going to be as strong in '08 as '07, so a lot of focus is going to be on your cost structure. Slower growth is one thing, if you could just provide maybe a better order of magnitude or areas of leverage to give us a better feel for how much leverage you can get out of those two line items in your P&L in '08?
Robert W. Selander - President and Chief Executive Officer: I am the one who made a couple of the observations, Adam, I think about 2008, and I did observe that we had a great year revenue growth wise in '07. But we do see things slowing, but we do expect we will still be able to achieve double-digit growth rates in revenue. On the G&A side, obviously in order for us to improve operating margins we need to have that growing plus rapidly the revenues, and clearly that has been the case and we plan to manage it, so it continues to be the case. Given that we did add a significant amount of resources, Martina described I think the staff count at about 5000, up from I think it was 4600 a year before. We would anticipate slower growth in terms of additional resources this year, but clearly to the extent that there is some rapid turnaround in the US or some other developments. We don't want be in a position to flexibly respond to that, but suffice it to say we are sensitive to that G&A line. As you noted in the quarter, we've got about a 100 positions, gave us additional flexibility on that line as a result of that one-time severance charge we took during the quarter. And again back to the A&M, we have flexibility in that line. We have commitments to do things with customers to the degree those customers’ expectations change of how the market environment changes. I think we have an ability again to respond to that. We expect modest growth in that line.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay. Turning to Europe as my follow-up question, lots of noise obviously in that region around regulatory form, you spoke to it a little bit in your prepared comments? What are your near-term expectations for this region, and can you maintain your growth and margins in that part of the world?
Robert W. Selander - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I keep telling our guy Javier Perez who is President of our business in Europe that he has got a tiger by the tail. I think we have great opportunities in that marketplace. We are beginning to see some of the things that the financial institutions and MasterCard have been working on for years come to fruition with some of these debit deals that I have mentioned in my remarks as we begin the plastic branded cards, also I think on Mystro as a now cross-border brand. That is enabling us not only to capture some additional business what they convert completely to Mystro, but also to capture what otherwise would have been [inaudible] only types of process transactions. One of the other things we announced earlier quarter, this was early in January, is that we’ve also got a deal to bringing together our activities with those of Europe… France by doing due diligence process on that, but we expect that's going to enhance… sharpen our ability to deliver the customers in that marketplace. That's something that we anticipate a deal closing sometime late this quarter or early in the second quarter.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anurag Rana, representing KeyBanc. Please proceed.
Anurag Rana - Keybanc Capital Markets: Hi, good morning everyone. Congratulations on a strong quarter. For the past few quarters, we have observed a divergence between GDV growth rates and the overall revenue growth rates. As we look ahead, how should we model this relationship between the two, and then I have a follow-up?
Robert W. Selander - President and Chief Executive Officer: I will make a couple of comments on that, and Martina you may want to jump in as well. Clearly one of our strategies has been to broaden our offerings to our customers, Anurag, and that means that we may go in and provide services, which don't necessarily generate an incremental dollar volume. They may not issue any more MasterCards as a result, but it may be we are in doing advisory services in and maybe we are providing information that enables them to better manage their business. And maybe we're providing a stand-in processing, which enables them to bend down in some ways, some of their own processing capabilities. At the end of the day, those things derive revenue, but don't necessarily drive GDV. Now the second observation I'd make is there is a mix of business taking place. Martina mentioned a very robust cross-border transaction growth, which was over 27%, and that type of transaction, those cross-border transactions tend to carry more revenue relative to the dollar volume than our average transaction. So there are a couple of factors that I would identify that are working their way through there. Over time, we may have to come back to you with some other things, other than revenue relative to GDV. I think those are two of the factors that are significantly affecting that as we see things evolve.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: And let me add to this a little bit, if I look at 2007 over 2006, and I'm looking now at… Anurag I am looking over the whole year, our revenue growth... net revenue growth was 22.3%. If you take foreign exchange out and if you take pricing out, the revenue growth was really just a little bit over 17%, so 17.2%. You might want to compare that to three other factors, local GDV growth which was 14.4%, process transactions, which increased 16.2%. So you can kind of see that those two components are starting to inch towards that 17% as you saw net of revenue growth, excluding foreign exchange and pricing. And then really what makes the difference up is our cross-border…. as Bob said, our cross-border volume for the year that was 21%. So that just really bridges you between the 14% and 16% up to the 17%. So when you look at year-over-year, 2006 to 2007, you can put it all together that the underpinning is the local GDV growth, the process transaction, but the increased rate was really driven mostly by cross-border volume, and that was a little bit... year-over-year was a little bit over lower incentive growth and revenue look at our numbers.
Anurag Rana - Keybanc Capital Markets: Thank you. That was really helpful. Also, could you please give us some more details regarding the number of transactions that you processed on your own network in Europe this quarter versus last year or a couple of years ago? Thank you.
Robert W. Selander - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, as you know we processed, I think it was $5.8 billion for the quarter globally. I'm sorry, $5.2 billion globally and over $18 billion globally for the year. We don't break those down in terms of one part of the world or the other, but we think that underlying growth rate I think are parallels of the GDV growth in many markets and in those markets where we don't do as much domestic processing. So, for example that would be a lot of Europe. We think we have opportunities for faster growth rates there. Just to remind everybody, we did a lot of domestic processing in USA, Canada, Brazil, Australia and most of the other markets around the world have very small proportion of our own branded transactions that we process. So I would love to see more rapid growth in process transactions outside of those supply markets I highlighted for the foreseeable future.
Anurag Rana - Keybanc Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Moshe Katri representing Cowen and Company. Please proceed.
Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co.: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Was there any major change in gross dollar volume growth during the month of December given the apparent slowdown in consumer spending? And then if we are looking at modeling our net revenue growth for '08, by how much can we… can a decline in GDV growth be offset by declining contra-revenues from payment incentives? Thanks.
Robert W. Selander - President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me take the first part of that. With regard to the... how the months looked within the quarter. We report quarterly gross dollar volume, and as we have mentioned, we had a strong fourth-quarter and in particular within the U.S., we saw a higher growth rate in the fourth quarter versus the prior year than we had seen in the third quarter. Now if you take a look within the quarter, we don't track or report the monthly GDV numbers, but we do have through MasterCard advisors our spending pulse data, which we do report out. That tracks retail sales in United States. And if you take a look at that data for the months of October November and December and you look at total retail excluding automobiles, then you will see in the month of October we had about a 7.5% year-over-year growth rate, November about 8.2%, and December was about 6.4% versus the prior year. So those were all actually pretty good numbers, but there was a downturn from November to December. Now my colleagues at MasterCard Advisors have advised me to be sensitive to the fact that based at the U.S. marketplace at an early Thanksgiving, which brought in earlier Black Friday shopping day so that the November data probably got a little bit inflated because you had a little more shopping… holiday shopping activity in the month of November than we might have had the prior year. So that's what we have seen happening. Obviously, from our perspective, balance that we have outside of the US is very important to us as half or more of our dollar volume is being generated outside of United States. I think the second part of your question is related to how to model of GDV. One of the things that we’ve traditionally talked about is the yield relative to gross dollar volume. I think Martina you’ve got a couple of data points on that. I would just observe that our lower than what might have been anticipated contra-revenue or incentives this quarter. We believe that we'd rather have our customers meeting our exceeding expectations and objectives we have set and be incurring those costs. So while it does act as a bit of a shock absorber when things don’t turn out as well as we had hoped because there are performance based requirements or agreements. At the end of the day we think that seeing a robust growth and paying out those incentives is probably in our longer-term best interest. But prior to the actual revenue yield Marina if you want to –
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I mean, as Rob already said there are a number of factors that I hear being in place of being implied on GDV versus our net revenue, obviously the growth of the GDV in fact is rebase pricing actions that we do. And we really try to capture this overall in the concept of the revenue yield. If I can give a little bit of perspective for… again I'm going to just talk about the full year 2006 versus 2007. In 2006, our revenue yield was 17.3 basis points. In 2007 our revenue yield was 17.9 basis points. So it actually did go up I think 0.6 basis points. And really when you close a piece apart, it was really driven by two major factors. One was foreign exchange and the other was really cross-border volume and each of the factors contributed roughly 50-50 to that increase.
Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eliz Grausam representing Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Elizabeth W. Grausam - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks. Just I’d like to dig in a little bit more on the trends you're seeing in the US. You noted that the card growth is actually pretty healthy about 6.5% this quarter, contributing a lot to the GDV growth and the GDV per card growth is actually fairly small. Could you talk a little bit about what you're seeing really on a per card level versus particularly your market share and growing your card base in the US as that may pertain to a difference in your consumer level spending exposure versus your overall market growth?
Robert W. Selander - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Liz, how are you today?
Elizabeth W. Grausam - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Very good, thanks.
Robert W. Selander - President and Chief Executive Officer: Couple of things, I have said this I think on numerous occasions over the last couple of years that we aren't necessarily focusing at any given point in time or any given market, on share, whether that’s share of cards or share of the gross dollar volume, etcetera. We have always talked about trying to get profitable share. If you look at what happened last year with regard to MasterCard card issued, we added over a 100… or our financial institution customers added more than 100 million cards in global marketplace. So we went up from 800 million to just over 900 million MasterCards globally. And we have continued to see that double-digit type of growth rate now for several quarters. Clearly the mix varies from one market to another. In the case of the US, we are seeing more rapid growth on the debit side of the ledger than we are in the credit and you can see that in the attachments to our earnings press release. But with regard to explicitly saying "wow we think we really did a good job in share or whatever". [inaudible] in both card and dollar volume share, that's not something that we are particularly focused on.
Elizabeth W. Grausam - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. I guess what I was getting at is, even if the GDV per card is not growing that rapidly and the consumer is a little bit pressured. Do you still feel that the underlying card growth in your business, particularly on the credit side where we are seeing more pressure, in the US is going to support positive total volume growth on your network even in an instance where the consumer might retrench?
Robert W. Selander - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. If we go back, the answer to that is, yes, I think we are going to see positive result because at the end of the day and I have already observed this and I think Martina did as well, you have that secular movement, which were sort of riding that wave. And then from a transaction standpoint, we went back and we did look at the data back in the 2001-2002 period. And although we did see some slow down what was then still a very robust gross dollar volume growth. Transaction growth actually accelerated beyond, it was faster than the volume growth. And that was obviously driving at that time lower ticket sizes as you had indicated, although we nevertheless continued to see transactions. And obviously a good portion of our revenues are transaction-based as opposed to dollar volume assessment based.
Elizabeth W. Grausam - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang representing JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Hi, good morning. I had a follow-up question actually on the cards in-force number as well that Liz just asked. What's driving the growth in number of cards outside the US? We actually saw a nice acceleration in growth sequentially in terms of the regions. Is this sustainable and how does the pipeline look?
Robert W. Selander - President and Chief Executive Officer: I guess I can make just a couple of comments on that. We continue to see very positive business momentum. I think globally, I look at our results in the US in the fourth quarter, I think they are very good. But if you look outside the US, clearly we have more rapid growth in dollar volume as well as cards being issued into the marketplace. I kind of think of cards as one of the leading indicators of future business potential. It takes a while once a card is issued to get it fully utilized by the new cardholder. The other dimension obviously is what we're doing in terms of broadening acceptance, that is new acceptance channels or better penetration, that’s cash and checks with a given merchant category. Thus far at least the feedback we are getting despite the concerns obviously here domestically with the US economy is certainly Asia is feeling very strong, Middle-East Africa, Latin America very strong. I think Europe, we are sensing the economies are slowing a little bit there and of course everybody is sort of waiting to see does some of the slowdown in the US amplify into more of a slowdown in these other markets. But thus far, we're not experiencing that, and we remain pretty optimistic that we will be able to see these international markets continue to contribute more than share growth that they’ve contributed.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Yes. Very good. I mean just a… is a question about the rebates and the incentives recognizing that if it can serve as a buffer against any kind of weakness we might see in the US. I just wanted to better understand what triggers these rebates and incentives, is it typically based on nominal dollar volume thresholds or is it based on growth targets, just trying to better see how that ratchets down as things change?
Robert W. Selander - President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me just make a couple of points on that, and I think this is something that we discussed in a couple of occasions. If you take a look at our typical year-end or fourth quarter factor, 2005, 2006, that has tended to be the period of the lowest revenue yield and most challenging sometimes revenue growth comparable quarter-over-quarter. That is because many of our customers were reaching the lowest priced volume tier based on cumulative volume and cumulative transactions done for the year. To the extent they don't get there, they may not yet too as lower pricing tier as we had forecast or imagined, then we won’t necessarily be either lowering the prices for that volume of transactions or providing them with incentives or rebates. It tends to be driven off of volume and transactions. And then the third area is also in terms of marketing programs. To the extent our customers slow down or decide not to proceed certain programs because of things going on in their business, that may cause us also not to spend money that we might have otherwise anticipated would be spent. So all three of those factors were worked away and our customers' volumes, transaction, and marketing plans pay out.
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Just a quick follow-up, actually the severance charge, did you quantify that number in the quarter. Thanks again.
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I mean I think the better time to give you a pointer that really when you look at the first half of the G&A growth of 16.4% versus 17.3% in the second half, more than is offset by the severance charge. So, hopefully you can get to close enough estimate. We also gave you the number of 100 positions, but we are really not prepared to give you the specific number.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Maurer representing Calyon Securities. Please proceed.
Craig Maurer - Calyon Securities: Yes, good morning. In terms of your, I am just trying to gauge the growth potential there for you, of the 300 million plus Mystro cards you have in the region, you had talked about now doing processing for over 100 million. Is that… does that sort of see… the difference from the 300 to the 100, does that properly represent the opportunity you have there, as my assumption is that 200 million cards right now are not generating what you would call significant revenue for you now, it's really the processed cards that are generating that revenue?
Robert W. Selander - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Hi Craig, how are you doing?
Craig Maurer - Calyon Securities: Good.
Robert W. Selander - President and Chief Executive Officer: I guess I’d sort of cut it into three tranches, using that 300 million and there is over 300 million Mystro cards that we have in Europe, you have a large number of those cards that also have domestic grants on them and to the extent those cards cross boarders, we would be involved in doing the cross-border transaction processing. And additionally, not being involved in terms of the domestic processing or domestic brand [inaudible] or frankly where Mystro has been embraced as the domestic brand. But that might not be something we processed either. So if you take the 300, all 300 generate cross-border traffic for us. The 140 are the number that we also have the activity and the capability and are beginning to see in addition to cross-border domestic transactions being processed on those cards. And it may not be every bank in a given market, it may be certain specific issuers continue to have a domestic logo on it. That says to us that we still have significant upside potential, not only to get more domestic processing out of those 140, we could get some, but also from the balance where we essentially only get cross-border at this point.
Craig Maurer - Calyon Securities: Okay. Thank you. And looking at what’s been going on with GDV, you talked about your growth and a slowdown, I was wondering if you are specifically seeing it? If you look at the programs out there that you have, have you seen a slowdown or I guess a more conservative spending stance by the affluent segment, because American Express did discuss seeing a slowdown that you guys and Visa haven’t really talked about. So have the affluent been pulling back on some of their discretionary spending and since you guys are on the non-discretionary side, you are not really seeing that> I was wondering if that’s something you are seeing in your numbers?
Robert W. Selander - President and Chief Executive Officer: We have seen… I guess we have two sources of data. Obviously, we have the actual transactions that we process. And then we also have the spending pulse data that MasterCard advisors produces that is broader retail spending than MasterCard captures, spending products including cash and checks. With regard to that spending pulse data, I have already commented on that we have seen and a more rapid growth that spending pulse data has demonstrated, but would be considered sort of non-discretionary, it’s gasoline, it’s food, let’s face it, commodities prices underlying, oil and food prices, have been contributing significantly to what we are all paying when we go on to a gas station or to a grocery store. Consumers clearly, because they are spending more to full up their cars or food on you table, are not participating in certain other areas, not making other investments. Home furnishings has been down consistently throughout 2007. Obviously, there are some other areas where consumers have cut back in order to support their spending. We have seen a similar thing going on with regard to the spend, our mix of business on our cards. Currently, if you go in and analyze and I don’t have this data available so I can only speculate, I would assume that we are seeing a movement by most… every consumer more spending in the day-to-day thing. It doesn’t matter how wealthy you are, how high up you are in the hierarchy, you still are going to pay more for gas. So I think that mix is happening across the board.
Craig Maurer - Calyon Securities: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Mammone representing Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Christopher Mammone - Deutsche Bank, North America: Hi, Chris Mammone. I think we have reviewed a several times the robust cross-border volume growth in the fourth quarter, I think it was about 20.6% in the third quarter of ‘07, so a good acceleration there. Do you happen to have the 4Q ‘06 number for cross-border volume?
Robert W. Selander - President and Chief Executive Officer: Chris, off the top of my head I don't… what I'll do is I will just make sure that Barbara, one of our colleagues to follow up with you on that.
Christopher Mammone - Deutsche Bank, North America: Okay. I appreciate that. And then as a follow-up, just on the pricing adjustments, were there any new pricing measures undertaken in the fourth quarter or is that all explained by sort of the same… the measures that we had already [inaudible] stand-in and the rewards?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: For the fourth quarter specifically there were really no new pricing adjustments that we did. So, everything that we had described on prior quarters during 2007 really took effect in the fourth quarter and by the way took over the effect earlier in 2007, Chris.
Christopher Mammone - Deutsche Bank, North America: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Hochstim representing Bear Stearns. Please proceed.
David Hochstim - Bear Stearns: I wonder could you just tell us how much you have left in Redecard stock?
Martina Hund-Mejean - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I mean when we file our 10-K what you will see is that we have about $99 million left on Redecard. However, David, just that… obviously this is a publicly traded company so the stock price moves and it’s in Brazilian real and Brazilian real move, so we… you will see the number as of 12/31 but to keep in mind it will move as whatever the market is doing.
David Hochstim - Bear Stearns: Right. Thanks. And then could you just give a sense of what to expect in the way of advertising and marketing spending on a quarterly basis, what kind of unusual fluctuations could there be this year around the Olympics or anything else?
Robert W. Selander - President and Chief Executive Officer: 2006 was the last year were we had a sort of atypical pattern and that was because of our heavy-up in the second quarter surrounding the World Cup event that took place in Germany that year. So 2007 came in a more normalized year where we didn't have the bringing forward of spend or the concentration of spend into the second quarter. And I think we’ve hit back into what I would call a more typical pattern where you tend to see higher spending in the fourth quarter, which tends to also the part of the year where we have our highest volumes of business and the most promotional and other activities taking place, report of various customer programs through the quarter.
David Hochstim - Bear Stearns: So we could look for that kind low single digit rate over and… evenly over the year?
Robert W. Selander - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, if deals come along or specific promotions or programs come along it can cause some choppiness, but I think it will be a more typical seasonality, and yes we do think we're going to have modest low-single digit growth year-over-year for the full year.
David Hochstim - Bear Stearns: Okay. Thanks.
Barbara Gasper - Investor Relations: Operator, I think we are about our time. So let's take one more question.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Dan Teller [ph] representing Lehman brothers. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks guys. Just a quick one SEPA, any updates? I know you commented before on some traction. Early ’08 there were supposed to be some decisions on some plans at the banks in Europe would have. Can you just comment on any type of… what you are seeing that with that and how the progression has been going, any type of opportunities you think you have in this year regarding that?
Robert W. Selander - President and Chief Executive Officer: I made a few observations, Dan, about some of the successes that we have had in getting some customer commitments, the Mystro. We believe that with our print on their cards that virtually every financial institution in Europe can be SEPA compliant in terms of being able to offer their customers access to payments throughout Europe, not being equally in their home town. With regard to the decision I commented on, one of those things that I think a lot of financial institutions were waiting for were some commentary out of the European election [ph], in particular the decision that they made with regards to our cross-border interchange. An important part of an issuers’ business model and their financial model is interchange, that is cost reimbursement mechanism. But I think what’s happened now as a result of the decision it’s now clear that there is less certainty around level of interchange fees than may have been present leading up to that, but at least we’ll be able to work our way through this with the commission and with our customers. That should, I hope by the end of this year, provide a more stable platform for financial institutions to make their investment decisions about how aggressive they are going to be in trying to market and promote benefits of SEPA to cardholders and merchants alike. As I said, some of the early signs we saw was over 20 million additional commitments made across a handful of countries, some additional processing coming. I remain very optimistic about our position and prospects in that market.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks. Real quickly, there doesn’t seem to any real traction on the verbiage around another network forming an EU. Anything you have seen around that as well?
Robert W. Selander - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I read about it the same papers that you do. So I can’t add a lot of comment to that. I would just say that we began in 1992 I believe it was, 15… a little over 15 years ago we build debit product and Mystro was that product, has been epicentered in Europe over that 15 years and it continues to represent over 50% of the cards that we have globally, over 600 million cards globally over 300 [inaudible]. So we think that the European banks and [inaudible] with us. Feel that they have want they need in hand and are now getting on with life. Obviously, we are doing our very best to encourage them to do that.
Unidentified Analyst: All right thanks. Great quarter, guys.
Robert W. Selander - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks very much, Dan.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the time we have for questions today. I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Bob Selander for closing remarks.
Robert W. Selander - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have a lot to say. We're just extremely pleased with our results for the quarter and the full year 2007. And we appreciate all of you joining us for this call today. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-31 03:56:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Gasper - Investor Relations Robert W. Selander - President, Chief Executive Officer,Director Chris A. McWilton - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Patrick M. Burton - Citigroup Adam Frisch - UBS Elizabeth W. Grausam- Goldman Sachs Christopher Mammone - Deutsche Bank Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan Craig Maurer - Calyon Securities Moshe Katri - Cowen & Co. Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus Howard Shapiro - Fox-Pitt Kelton Kenneth A. Posner -Morgan Stanley Bruce W. Harting -Lehman Brothers Anurag Rana - Keybanc Capital Gregory Smith - Merrill Lynch Robert J. Dodd -Morgan, Keegan Mark Sproule - Thomas Weisel Partners 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the thirdquarter 2007 MasterCard Incorporated earnings conference call. My name isFrancis and I will be your coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions) Iwould now like to turn the call over to Barbara Gasper, Head of InvestorRelations. Please proceed.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Francis. Good morning, everyone, and thank you byjoining us today, either by phone or on our webcast for a discussion about ourthird quarter financial results. With me on the call this morning are BobSelander, President and Chief Executive Officer; Chris McWilton, our ChiefFinancial Officer; and Tara Maguire, our Corporate Controller. Following comments by Bob and Chris highlighting some keypoints about the third quarter, we will open up the call to your questions. Intotal, the call will last up to one hour. For your reference, this morning’searnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call, aswell as an updated chart of our classes of stock issued can be found on theinvestor relations section of our website at MasterCard.com. The earningsrelease and slide deck have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with theSEC this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for oneweek until November the 7th. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today’s earningsrelease, I need to remind everyone that today’s call may include someforward-looking statements about MasterCard’s future performance. Actualperformance could differ materially from what is suggested by our commentstoday. Information about the factors that could affect future performance aresummarized at the end of our press release, as well as contained in our recentSEC filings. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to BobSelander. Bob.
Robert W. Selander: Thanks, Barbara and good morning, everyone. We are verypleased with our third quarter financial performance. These results show thatour strategy is working, as we are able to deliver value to both our customersand shareholders as a unified, global company. Turning to page two of the slide deck, we delivered netincome of $314 million or $2.31 per share on a diluted basis. This includesafter-tax gains of $70 million, or $0.51 per share from the sale of 25% of ourinvestment in Redecard. For the first time in MasterCard's history, we recordedquarterly revenue of over $1 billion. This was driven primarily by stronggrowth in dollar volume and process transactions, including cross-bordervolumes, which grew 20.6%. Additionally, several pricing adjustments in totalcontributed approximately 2% of the revenue growth in the quarter. Finally, we saw our operating margin improve 2.1 percentagepoints to 32.6% from 30.5% in the third quarter of 2006. On a year-to-datebasis, our operating margin improved by 7.2 percentage points, excluding theimpact of special items, and this demonstrates the continued leveragability ofour business model. In addition to the financial results, there are a fewbusiness developments on page three that I would like to highlight. We are pleased to report that our Board of Directors hasapproved an incremental $750 million Class A share repurchase program, bringingour total Class A share repurchase program since the IPO to $1.25 billion. Weplan to complete the incremental $750 million program through open marketrepurchases by June 30, 2008. We are also announcing plans for a second Class B shareconversion program in 2007, which allows for the conversion of up to $5.8million shares of Class B into Class A common stock. This represents thebalance of the $13.4 million shares that our board approved for conversionearlier this year. Elections for this second conversion program begin November17th and will end no later than December 14, 2007. Last quarter, we promised to provide you with a statusupdate of our Class A share repurchase program and accelerated Class Bconversion program. As of September 30th, we had repurchased approximately 2million shares of Class A common stock in the open market for an aggregate costof $277 million. Subsequent to September 30th, we repurchased an additional1.4 million shares for an aggregate of $223 million, and completed our initial$500 million Class A share repurchase plan with a total of 3.4 million sharesrepurchased. With respect to the Class B share conversion program, as ofSeptember 30th, certain Class B shareholders elected to convert approximately 5million shares of Class B common stock to Class A common stock. Subsequent to September 30th, Class B shareholders convertedan additional 2.6 million shares, for a total of 7.6 million shares convertedin this first program. Based on the progress from the initial conversionprogram and the shares that we repurchased, Class A shares now represent 64% oftotal shares outstanding, 10% of which is held by the MasterCard Foundation. In the second quarter, we also mentioned that we woulddisclose the details of any sales of our Redecard shares. In the third quarter,we recognized after-tax gains of $70 million from the sale of 25% of ourinvestment in Redecard. The pretax gain has been recorded as investment incomeon our income statement. The market value of MasterCard's remaining Redecardshares was $381 million as of September 30, 2007. Before Chris goes into the specifics about the quarterlyresults, I would like to spend a few moments commenting about the state of thebusiness around the world. Starting in the U.S., our volume growth has farexceeded retail sales growth to date in 2007. While we cannot control orpredict the future of the overall U.S. economy, we expect our results to trendabove typical market indicators during difficult economic climates. Clearly since MasterCard does not have exposure to consumercredit receivables, we may not benefit from the upside when credit trends arefavorable but we also do not suffer the downside during tough times. While consumer credit volume growth is slowing in the U.S.,we are making progress in the debit arena. We are very pleased that we are nowworking with Banc of America on the introduction of a new debit affinityproduct tied to Major League Baseball and National Football League sportsteams. Meanwhile, we continue to see markets outside of the U.S.driving significant growth for the company. Latin America and South Asia,Middle East, Africa regions were particularly strong. In these markets, theopportunity is about penetrating the emerging middle class and young consumermarkets, as well as expanding merchants’ acceptance. In Europe, we continue to make progress with securing SAPArelated business through our flexible, commercially driven approach for ourcustomers. We have already secured Maestro agreements with many banks incountries such as Germany, Belgium, The Netherlands, and Austria, ensuring theobjective of a uniform cardholder experience anywhere in the SAPA region. Asia-Pacific is a region experiencing strong economicgrowth. As the number of affluent consumers here continues to grow, we continueto work with our customers to leverage that trend. In response, MasterCard istaking a leadership position in the premium space within this region. Recently,many customers have chosen World MasterCard premium card programs, includingcustomers in Taiwan, Australia, and in India, where the country’s first WorldMasterCard card was issued this quarter. Finally, while Chris will be going into more details onexpenses later in the call, I would like to quickly comment on our broaderthinking about expenses going forward. Similar to our comment on the secondquarter earnings call, as we go through our 2008 budget process, we are veryfocused on ensuring that our expenses support the many global opportunities ofour business, while being mindful of our objective to consistently improve ouroperating results. We are in the middle of our 2008 budget process and I fullyexpect that we will find the right balance between investment in the businessand continued long-term margin expansion. With that, I will now turn the call over to Chris McWiltonfor more details on the financials. Chris.
Chris A. McWilton: Thanks, Bob. Let’s turn to page four of the slide deck; asBob mentioned, net revenue for the quarter was a record at almost $1.1 billion,a 20.1% increase over 2006. Currency fluctuation on the Euro relative to theU.S. dollar contributed approximately 2.3 percentage points of the net revenueincrease. Net income was $314 million, or $2.31 per share on a dilutedbasis. Without the impact of gains from the sale of a portion of our investmentin Redecard, third quarter EPS would have been $1.80 on a diluted basis. Turning to page five, in the third quarter, we experiencedcontinued growth in both GDV and process transactions across all regions. GDVgrew 12.8% on a local currency basis and 16.6% on a U.S. dollar converted basisto $577 billion. The third quarter was the 14th consecutive quarter ofdouble-digit worldwide GDV growth on a local currency basis. Although not shown on page five, purchase volume was up14.1% on a local currency basis, cash volume was up 9.1% on a local currencybasis. Additionally, cross-border volume, or the volume that is generated fromcardholders who travel outside of the country where their card is issued, wasup 20.6%. In the third quarter, cross-border volume came primarily from Europe,Asia-Pacific, and Latin America. Process transactions, or the transactions processed acrossMasterCard's networks, increased 13.3% to $4.8 billion in the quarter. As we’ve discussed in the past, one of the metrics we focuson is revenue yield, or the net revenue per $1,000 of GDV. This metric was 18.8basis points in the quarter versus 18.2 basis points in the third quarter oflast year. While we have said in the past that we expect a slight annualdown-draft in this metric, the strength of our business, particularlycross-border volume growth, has put us on a trajectory to experience a slightpositive lift in this metric for the full year of 2007. While the possibility of a broad slowdown in U.S. consumerspending associated with sub-prime mortgage issues is yet to be determined, theglobal diversification of our business results and MasterCard's ability togenerate significant volume and revenue from non-U.S. economies remain verystrong. For example, gross dollar volume in both the Latin Americaand the South Asia, Middle East, and Africa region continued to grow at veryhealthy rates. As we’ve discussed in the past, MasterCard's performance-basedpricing serves to moderate the impact on revenue driven by swings and volumes.Because of our tiered-based pricing arrangements, not meeting volume hurdlescan result in lower rebate incentives. History demonstrates that we’ve been very resilient inweathering macro-economic events and the cycle shift from paper to electronicforms of payment continues in spite of any local economic downturns. Note that our U.S. GDV growth rate of 7.7% is now completelynormalized after the anniversary of a large debit portfolio conversion thatoccurred in the second quarter of 2006. Additional details about our operatingperformance can be found on page 10 of our earnings press release and on the IRsection of our website. On page six, we show that net assessments increased 20.7% versusthe third quarter of 2006, or $50 million to $291 million. In the thirdquarter, gross assessments increased 15.4%, or $70 million to $525 million, dueto strong GDV growth. Because our incentives are based on more than just GDVand include payments for things like new cards or program launches, therelationship between gross and net assessments can vary. Similar to last quarter, net assessments as a percentage ofgross assessments improved slightly. Turning to page seven, you can see that net operations feesincreased 19.8% or $131 million to $792 million in the third quarter. Grossoperations fees increased 20.6%, or $150 million to $879 million. This growthwas driven by several factors. First, growth in process transactions, grossdollar volume, and cross border volumes that I previously mentioned describedon page five. Second, pricing adjustments and new programs, includinggrowth in authorization, settlement, and switch revenue, driven by higherutilization of stand-in authorization services, as well as pricing changes forthese services, acceptance development fees, driven by increased volumes and anew fee associated with Rewards programs that was implemented in June, 2007;other operations fees driven by new account enhancement programs that allow ourcustomers to move cardholders to different programs without a change in theiraccount numbers. Turn to page eight for some detail on expenses. During thethird quarter, total operating expenses increased 16.3% to $730 million. Thisincrease was driven mainly by advertising and marketing expenses, whichincreased 26.4% or $55 million resulting from a change in the timing of 2007initiatives compared to the same period last year. You’ll recall that in thefirst half of 2006, we had significant World Cup sponsorship activity versusthis year. We plan to shift more of the spending to the second half of theyear. Additionally, general and administrative expenses increased10.2% for a couple of reasons. First, an increase in personnel costs related tothe hiring of additional staff and contractors to support our customer focusstrategy. Planned staff hires were made to support our global sales efforts, aswell as our product and advisors initiative, primarily in our U.S.and European regions; second, an increase in employee performance incentiveaccruals. Partially offsetting the growth in G&A was the impact ofhigher severance in the third quarter of 2006, due to an adjustment in theassumptions of our severance plan. The increase in total operating expenses wasalso driven by a $10 million cash contribution for the MasterCard foundationthis quarter. We have now made a $30 million contribution of our planned $40million contribution to the MasterCard Foundation, which we said will becompleted within four years of our IPO in May, 2006. Currency fluctuation of the Euro relative to the U.S. dollarincreased total operating expenses by approximately 1.6 percentage points inthe quarter. Moving to the cash flow statement and balance sheethighlights on page nine, we’ve generated $718 million in cash flow fromoperations during the first nine months of 2007; $272 million of which wasgenerated in the third quarter. We ended the quarter with $3.3 billion in cash,cash equivalents, and available for sale securities. We also had $3.2 billionin stockholders equity. During the third quarter, we repurchased approximately 2million Class A shares for an aggregate of $277 million. All of the Class Ashares repurchased in our now completed $500 million share repurchase programare classified as treasury stock on our balance sheet. Finally, investment securities available for saleincreased $299 million, mainly due to amark-to-market adjustment of our remaining Redecard investment. Turning to page 10, there are a few items that I would liketo highlight for your consideration as you refine and update your models forthe fourth quarter of 2007. First, there was one special item in the fourth quarter of2006 -- litigation settlements of $2 million. Second, with respect to G&A, due to delays in hiring andshifts in the timing of technology projects, we now expect second half growthto be slightly lower than the first half growth of 16.4%. However, the fourthquarter will have the highest sequential and year-over-year growth rate for anyquarter in 2007. Third, we continue to anticipate low single-digit full yeargrowth in A&M in 2007. Also, consistent with our comments from the secondquarter call, we expect that the highest quarter of spend will occur in thefourth quarter, the spend will be more evenly distributed between the third andfourth quarters than in prior years. Finally, we expect to provide an update on the second phaseof our Class B share conversion program and the incremental $750 million ClassA share repurchase program on our fourth quarter and full year 2007 earningsconference call. To wrap up, we’ll pleased -- very pleased with our thirdquarter results and are encouraged by the global momentum we continue to see inthe business. While the broader U.S. economy is undergoing some challenges, weare on an excellent trajectory. We continue to demonstrate global strength andthe ability to deliver value to our customers, merchants and shareholders.
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Chris and Bob. We are now ready to begin thequestion-and-answer period. In order to get to as many people as possibleduring our allotted timeframe, we ask that you limit yourself to a singlequestion with one follow-up and the re-queue if you have additional questions.Operator, I’ll turn the call over to you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from theline of Pat Burton with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Patrick M. Burton -Citigroup: Congratulations on your first $1 billion quarter --tremendous numbers. My question is for Chris, and that is Chris, the factorsbetween the 12.8% local currency GDV growth and the 20% net revenue growth,could you again just outline basically what the difference is there -- priceincrease, foreign currency, et cetera -- and how sustainable those factors are?Thanks.
Chris A. McWilton: You will see a disconnect as you have over time, Pat, on thegrowth rates between revenue and GDV on a local basis. We do assess, outside ofEurope, on a U.S. dollar basis so we do get revenue growth because we take atransaction that occurs volume wise in a foreign currency, we convert that toU.S. dollars and then we [set] based on that, so you are going to see upliftfrom that process. You are going to see the normal currency conversion of theEuropean operations back to U.S. dollars. You are going to see the impact ofpricing, which was about 2% in the quarter. So all of those things haveresulted in us being able to get that spread between revenue growth and GDV upto a pretty healthy level this quarter. Now, the strengthening of different currencies around theworld to the U.S. dollar, we don’t control. However, I think we’ve done a verygood job of maintaining our pricing. I talked about the revenue yield a littlebit in my comments and I think 18.7 basis points on volume is something we arepretty proud of.
Patrick M. Burton -Citigroup: And the cross-border number of 20.6, is that on the higherend of where we normally see it?
Chris A. McWilton: That’s a very healthy number and that is another reason weare seeing the revenue growth outpace the GDV because on those transactions, weare profiting the transaction across our network and we are also gettingcross-border fees on that, which have been very healthy for us. So those arevery healthy cross-border numbers.
Patrick M. Burton -Citigroup: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Frisch withUBS. Please proceed.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Thanks, guys, Pretty impressive quarter you guys just put upagain. Two questions here; setting up some pretty tough revenue and margincomps for ’08. Obviously if there is a slowdown in the U.S. that perpetuates orgets more intense, it’s going to create some headwinds for you. Bob, you mentioned in your opening comments that you aregoing to find a balance in operating expenses between growth and marginexpansion, so with the realization that maybe next year, to Pat’s question,some of the things that are really driving top line this year, like cross-border,et cetera, may or may not continue in ’08. Should we expect a bigger focus onexpenses going forward?
Robert W. Selander: Adam, I think we’ve always had a good focus on expenses andfrom my perspective, we are going to continue that going forward. And as Imentioned in my remarks, as we go through the budget process, I’m beingpresented -- we’re reviewing opportunities from all over the world for thevarious business units and I’m in the fortunate position of having moreinteresting things to invest in in order to build this franchise over time asopposed to people coming in and going jeez, we don’t know what to do next. I recognize that there’s a pacing challenge there and I alsoknow that we’ve made commitments, both inside and outside this company, to seemargin improvements, and so that’s the balancing act we are going through now,and I feel quite confident that we are going to get ourselves to a position interms of our budget, which lets us fund those things that are important to thefuture of the company but still show those operating margin improvements. If the world gives us a more challenging environment than wemay anticipate, then I think we also have an approach which builds flexibilityinto that budget because people know those things, if we get wind at our back,those things that we’ll probably move to next and if we have wind in our face,those things that we’ll probably have to slow down the pacing of.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay. Well said. A quick question on interchange, the textin the 10-Q seemed a little bit more guarded on Europe. A ruling from thegoverning body over there is widely expected in the next few months oncross-border interchange. Two aspects of this; one, obviously reducedinterchange doesn’t impact you directly in your revenues or margins, but canyou speak to some of the indirect impact? And then two, do you think this couldtrigger other activities in Europe, whether it belitigation or bank movement or whatever?
Robert W. Selander: Well, the European Commission has said that it’s going toissue a decision regarding MasterCard’s European cross-border interchange fees.I believe they have publicly stated they think that would happen by the end ofthe year. That’s I think how we [put] it in our 2Q 10. I’m not sure exactlywhat the wording was in this quarter’s. As we said in that filing, we think they could come out witha negative ruling and if that’s the case, at least based on the material thatwe’ve reviewed and the comments we’ve reviewed from them, we’re likely toappeal that, very similar to the way we handled the OFT decision in the U.K. acouple of years ago, because we think we have extremely strong legal argumentsfor doing so. Having said that, we are examining various scenarios aroundthe possible decisions that might be rendered. And while we can’t concludeexactly how they will rule, until we know the final income, it’s reallydifficult to answer the question, other than to say our primary focus will beto ensure our products remain competitive in the European market.
Adam Frisch - UBS: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Liz Grausam withGoldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Elizabeth W. Grausam - Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much. You commented on 2% revenue lift thisquarter from pricing changes that you’ve been able to effect. Could you go intoa little bit more detail of where those pricing changes were put in placegeographically? And then also where they are in terms of the services that youare offering?
Chris A. McWilton: We talked on the second quarter call about some additionalpricing we put in place around stand-in services, which is basically, those ofyou who aren’t familiar with that, when a customer’s authorization systems godown, they obviously don’t want their cardholders to be sitting at the cashregister or someplace that they can’t get their purchase authorized. So westand in for them in those cases. They give us parameters with which we can actas a surrogate for them. So we put some pricing in place around those in pretty muchall regions around the world, and we’ve got the full quarter impact of that inQ2 -- Q3, I’m sorry, Q3. And we also put an additional acceptance fee in placein the U.S. around some enhanced reward platforms. So it was on the stand-ins, pretty much global, and in theacceptance arena, it was in the U.S.
Elizabeth W. Grausam - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. And then, on the cross-border transactions,could you give us a sense of what percentage of your total transactions areactually cross-border and how that’s trended over time?
Robert W. Selander: Off the top of my head, I don’t have an answer for you, Liz.We process all of the cross-border, so we have a very good handle on that. Wedon’t necessarily process all the other transactions, so -- the rule of thumbI’ve used is it tends to be less than 5%. Certain markets have the propensityto travel, so it may be higher for a given country but the rule of thumb I’vealways used is somewhere in the 3% to 5% range.
Elizabeth W. Grausam - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of ChristopherMammone with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
ChristopherMammone - Deutsche Bank:
Barbara Gasper: Chris, could you speak up closer to the phone?
Christopher Mammone -Deutsche Bank: Sure. Is that better?
Barbara Gasper: Yes.
Christopher Mammone -Deutsche Bank: Okay, sorry. Just on your ad spending assumptions, I thinkthat we had expected that the third quarter would be slightly than the secondquarter and it was slightly down, so it looks like you are shifting some adspending in the fourth quarter. Could you talk about maybe what’s changedthere?
Robert W. Selander: Well, I think the seasonality factor this year is what wewould call a more normal year than last year. As you’ll recall in 2006, we hada very big second quarter as a result of the World Cup spending taking place inthat year. And I think Chris mentioned in his comments that we will have a morenormalized pattern this year where traditionally, as you’ll know from prioryears, the fourth quarter tends to be the heaviest ad and marketing spend inour business.
Chris A. McWilton: I’d just add that we still expect very modest full yearA&M growth.
Christopher Mammone -Deutsche Bank: And then I guess just on a higher level topic, with thedollar continuing to fall, I’m just looking at your U.S. card base being morethan double what it is in Europe. At what point does that start to affectinternational travel trends, U.S. consumers traveling over to Europe and maybeovercompensating for the benefit you are getting from --
Barbara Gasper: Chris, are you speaking on speaker phone? You’re breaking upand we really cannot hear your question.
Christopher Mammone -Deutsche Bank: Sorry, no, I’m on a handset. Is that better?
Barbara Gasper: A little bit, but not --
Christopher Mammone -Deutsche Bank: Sorry. Just on your cross-border, with the weakening dollar,is there a time when it starts to bleed into the numbers as far as your U.S.account, your U.S. card base being more than double what it is in Europe. Atwhat point does that start to affect international travel trends by U.S.consumers traveling over to Europe and more than offsetting the benefits youare getting from currency and the like?
Robert W. Selander: That’s a tough one for I think anybody to answer. From ourperspective, we continue to enjoy very robust cross-border volumes of business.Now clearly, Europeans who are traveling to the U.S. have one of the strongestcurrencies they’ve ever had and so for them, this side of the Atlantic lookslike a bargain basement, whereas of course the U.S., whether it’s a business ortourist trap, are going across to Europe obviously is not spending as much forthe very simple reason that to get that cup of coffee is now $2 as opposed tomaybe $1 a year ago. We have very strong cross-border volumes, however, comingout of Latin America, coming out of Asia. Cross-border in the Middle Eastregion as well, so I guess from my perspective, I’m more focused on thedomestic activity in the U.S. market and what happens with the economy here. Wehave seen that slow down. We have seen some slowdown in consumer spending andthat is the thing that we are more focused on, if you will, from the standpointof an impact on our business.
Chris A. McWilton: I think the other thing I would add is we process all thetransactions in the U.S., essentially all of them. Outside of the U.S., thereare large [slots] of geography where we don’t process -- we only assess basedon volume. So when the dollar is weak and people travel across the border, wewould get transactions processed that we might not otherwise process. So theweak dollar is helping and as I mentioned earlier, we also assess on the U.S.dollar converted basis, so that tends to improve the revenue growth.
Christopher Mammone -Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks. Sorry for the bad connection.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huangwith J.P. Morgan. Please proceed.
Tien-Tsin Huang -J.P. Morgan: Thanks. Just a few questions on the revenue yield -- is thelevel sustainable going forward here, adjusting for a seasonal effect? Meaningis this a safety base that we should model from, Chris?
Chris A. McWilton: I would just be cautious about the fourth quarter revenueyield. That tends to be our lowest revenue yield seasonally, because in thatperiod, we are doing a lot of incentive arrangements and promotions withmerchants, so if you pattern out or model revenue yield by quarter, you willsee that the fourth quarter has historically been our lowest quarter. So Iwould not straight-line that across a full year. As I said in my comments, I think we are pleasantlysurprised by the fact we’ve been able to maintain that revenue yield. Last yearin Q3 we were 18.2 basis points, 18.7 basis points this quarter. And I thinkfull year, as I mentioned on the call, we’re going to see a slight improvementin that trajectory year over year. Last year we were at 17.3% and I think we’llbe able to do a little bit better than that for the full year 2007. Next year we are cautiously optimistic that we can continueto see good cross-border growth helping to sustain that momentum, and again, wedon’t see any cliff or precipice when it comes to that revenue yield on ashort-term basis.
Tien-Tsin Huang -J.P. Morgan: Okay, just two quick follow-ups to that then; if we stripout the effects of cross-border fees, how would the revenue yield look on ayear-over-year basis? Is it safe to assume that the revenue yield would stillbe up? And then I have a follow-up, if you want to address that first.
Chris A. McWilton: I don’t have that number off the top of my head. I assumethere’s enough disclosure in the Q or around that that you might be able to --
Tien-Tsin Huang -J.P. Morgan: Okay, fair enough. And then longer term, can the revenueyield move higher longer term here, assuming you capture more operation feesinternationally?
Chris A. McWilton: Yes, that’s something we definitely have the highest yieldand we’re processing the transaction, generating cross-border or currencyconversion fees on that. Ticket sizes tend to be higher for cross-borderactivities and doing volume assessments based on that, so if those numbers,those international travel numbers and cross-border numbers continue to behealthy, we will do quite well.
Tien-Tsin Huang -J.P. Morgan: Great. Great results.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Maurer withCalyon. Please proceed.
Craig Maurer - CalyonSecurities: Good morning. This question is for Bob. You had mentionedduring your prepared comments, your SAPA achievements. I was hoping you couldjust frame that a little bit for us in terms of what inning you feel we’re inregarding SAPA and that conversion that will continue throughout Europe. And interms of how the market itself is playing out, in terms of processors, merging,selling, what’s going on there and how you plan to pick up additional business.Thanks.
Robert W. Selander: Craig, I can’t pick an inning here, although I am a baseballfan. I can’t assign one to this process. There are clear timetables that wereestablished but I think there is a level of uncertainty for issuers andacquirers, particularly surrounding the commission’s lack of support and thusfar, lack of a decision with regard to interchange. And as you know, the business models of every player inEurope that issues cards are premised on some form of balancing mechanism,namely interchange. So at this point, I think the timetable is pretty clear butwhether or not that will actually happen I think remains to be seen. Having said that, we are making good progress, I believe. Asyou know, we have half roughly of our 600-million plus Maestro cards around theworld are in Europe, and we’ve already had very positive developments inSwitzerland and Austria in terms of movement to Maestro. We’ve had commitmentsfrom banks in other countries, including Germany, Italy, recently the AlliedIrish Banks in Ireland made a commitment to move their domestically branded andATM only cards to Maestro. So I’m feeling good things about the progress, but I thinkthe real evolution of the market is one that is very hard to predict whetherthis is the third inning from a timetable standpoint or really the bottom of afirst inning. Having said that, I feel really good about how we arepositioned and from a processing standpoint, as you’ve observed, there havebeen various of these previously bank-owned processors that have been acquired.I think I’ve mentioned on past calls or Chris has that we’ve looked atvirtually every one of those and for one reason or another, we’ve decided thatthey weren’t going to be value-adding for our business. But we have seenprocessing competitors move into those marketplaces and we continue to havescale in our processing and I think a very good offering with our Maestroproduct in that marketplace, at least on the debit side. So all in all, I feel that we are in pretty good shape. Ithink it’s going to be a very competitive marketplace over the next few years.I believe the regulatory positions are ones that are going to have to besolidified in order to give all the businesses there a platform on which theycan then evaluate and judge the investment decisions they have to make.
Craig Maurer - CalyonSecurities: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Moshe Katri withCowen. Please proceed.
Moshe Katri - Cowen& Co.: Thanks. Good morning. As a follow-up to the question aboutpricing, can we expect further pricing adjustments as we go along, maybethey’re in the fourth quarter? That’s number one. And then, can you talk a bit about the opportunities forMasterCard in the prepaid card business and how well is actually the companypositioned in that area? Thanks.
Chris A. McWilton: We are always looking at ways to provide value to ourcustomers and do it in a way where they think they are growing their businessand becoming more profitable as a result of the services and products we areproviding. So we are always thinking about -- it doesn’t necessarily have to bea strict pricing increase but new service proposition, new value-addedproposition. So we are always thinking about that. We have a global committee that’s sitting around, trying tofigure out on a regular basis whether we’ve optimized pricing. We have a veryextensive product development group which is trying to come up with new ways tohelp customers and work with customers on their opportunities. So we can’t rule out pricing in the fourth quarter but it’ssomething we’re always thinking about and I think we demonstrated that bymaintaining that revenue yield at pretty healthy rates.
Robert W. Selander: On prepaid, just a couple of observations. Obviously this issomething that several of our customers view as very important and we bring thesame strengths from the standpoint of the global acceptance of the brand, etcetera, that we bring to other products that our customers are interested in. We do through MasterCard advisors do quite a bit of advisorywork in support of customers’ prepaid initiatives. We do have a platform thatobviously supports those products for those institutions that may not berunning their own platform. We were able to participate most recently with the fireshere in the United States out in California. We managed to get -- I guess itwas about $25,000 worth of prepaid cards through one of our customers out tothe Red Cross so that they could fuel their vehicles and so forth as theyresponded to those California wildfires. So it’s nice to see some of thefunctionality being utilized in real practical day-to-day basis like that.
Moshe Katri - Cowen& Co.: Do think that on an ongoing basis, maybe starting in 2008,we are going to see a more significant contribution from that area toMasterCard financially, or this is still too early? Thanks.
Robert W. Selander: The way we think about that is it’s embedded in the otherelements of our business, so we get to do the authorization, clearing andsettlement, obviously the processing fees, depending on where these productsare being utilized. They are on our platform or, as a result of our advisorywork, there are other fees to be realized. So it’s similar to the balance ofour business model. There will be some dollar volume related franchise fees,processing fees, and potentially obviously the third category, advisory fees.
Moshe Katri - Cowen& Co.: Thanks. Great quarter.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Christopher Brendlerwith Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Christopher Brendler- Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning. Can you just give us a little more color onyour domestic volumes? I know you lapped a big conversion, but you came in alittle bit below our estimates. Do you see any slowdown in spending patterns? And then also, are you -- any progress to report onadditional debit conversions?
Robert W. Selander: Let me just take a crack at that one. When you say domestic,I’m going to assume you mean U.S. domestic?
Christopher Brendler- Stifel Nicolaus: Correct.
Robert W. Selander: If you take a look at -- I guess it’s in the press release-- we do have specifics with regard to U.S. dollar volume. I happen to lookparticularly at purchase volume, and you’ll see that purchase volume growth forthe third quarter was 9.4%. When you consider that in the context of what rateof retail spending is taking place here, that’s obviously several percentagepoints. I would say probably about six percentage points or so above the ratethat you would see for consumer spending or retail sales broadly in theeconomy. That in part is I think the success of electronic and card-basedpayments and in part, it’s our success in terms of the way we work with ourcustomers. As the U.S. economy has slowed and we have a service that wecall spending pulse, which is data that comes out just ahead of the Departmentof Commerce data monthly, we’ve seen that spending pulse report showing slowingconsumer and retail level spending from first to second quarter, second tothird quarter. And not surprisingly, we’ve seen our spending volumes trackingdown, although obviously not as low as those growth rates, for the reasons I’vealready mentioned. As we look forward, we have I guess cautious optimism interms of the control of inflation and the way the fed is going to behave inensuring that the economy weathers some of the challenges coming out of thesub-prime market. The best news I guess is that we don’t have the creditexposures that some companies have, either through the fact that they arelending money to cardholders or in other ways involved. So I’m pretty comfortable that with our very strong growthinternationally, we’ll be able to show a good, positive, overall corporategrowth, even if we have a market like the U.S. that may get a little slowerdomestically.
Christopher Brendler- Stifel Nicolaus: Any debit conversion updates?
Robert W. Selander: I’m sorry, any --
Christopher Brendler- Stifel Nicolaus: Any new debit relationships?
Robert W. Selander: I mentioned a couple of the ones that had popped in Europe.Allied Irish Banks recently made a commitment with regard to moving theirdomestically branded and ATM only cards to Maestro. I can’t recall if we sharedwith you the Swiss Bank’s movement. I think in my commentary during my remarksat the opening of the call, I mentioned that we are obviously delighted to beworking with Banc of America on the affinity debit programs with Major LeagueBaseball and National League Football teams here in the U.S.
Christopher Brendler- Stifel Nicolaus: Would you say that your U.S. volumes were in line with your expectationsat the 9% level, the purchase volumes?
Robert W. Selander: I’m sorry, I missed the question.
Christopher Brendler- Stifel Nicolaus: Were they in line with your expectations in the quarter? Doyou see any signs of a slowdown?
Robert W. Selander: I would say they are broadly in line. When we see ourspending pulse data coming out and we see what’s going on overall in theeconomy, if it’s a lower quarter coming up than the one we’ve just experienced,we adjust our expectations accordingly and if it’s an improving quarter, we’llpush them up. So I was not at all surprised with where we came out in thethird quarter. I guess I’m just delighted with some of the results we aregetting in some other markets which show very robust growth.
Christopher Brendler- Stifel Nicolaus: Without a doubt. One quick one for Chris; you had mentionedin the past not to focus too much on the quarterly movements in rebates andincentives, but throughout most of the year, they have tracked below year-agolevels, which is contrary to the trend in prior years. Any of the priceincreases that you mentioned related to rebates and incentives? Thanks.
Chris A. McWilton: I think from a rebate and incentive perspective, you aregoing to see, particularly in the assessment area, you are going to see thegrowth moderating a bit. What’s happening there is that as the base moves up,you are going to have to have a bigger rebate and incentive against a programto move that dial on a percentage basis, so we are seeing slowdown in theassessment rebates and incentives. And the operation fees, you are coming off avery small base, so even a small change in that number is going to have afairly dramatic impact on the growth rate. There are cases where, based upon a specific customer situation,if we put a pricing increase in place, we might need to accommodate that forsome contractual issue we might have, or a customer relationship issue. Itdepends upon the facts or circumstances. So sometimes you do see rebates andincentives move up or down with a pricing change.
Christopher Brendler- Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Howard Shapirowith Fox-Pitt Kelton. Please proceed.
Howard Shapiro -Fox-Pitt Kelton: Thanks very much. I’m just wondering if you can help usunderstand -- when you allocate spending by region or by product, how does yourassessment of changing economic growth or spending patterns, i.e. a slowdown inthe U.S., influence how you are going to be allocating marketing spend goingforward?
Robert W. Selander: Specifically in the area of advertising and marketing, we gothrough a modeling process which enables us to allocate funds basically on acountry level during our budget process. And one of the indicators that we useis an underlying assumption in terms of what is going to go on with the economyand growth in that market. We tend to make sure we put enough money into a market so wecan get the job done in the market, from the standpoint of trying to meet thecustomers’ expectations where we have agreements with customers to do certainthings, but also to the extent that there’s a threshold of spending that may berequired in order to have adequate impact to achieve a brand awarenessobjective or whatever it may be. To the extent there is a dramatic change from what we lookat at the time we are doing our budget, that would be something that we wouldmake adjustment for in the course of the year. Obviously if you get into asituation where there’s a catastrophic shutdown, then we would shutdown ourmarketing. The most recent example I can think of is when we had theSARs scare, I guess it was, back in 2003 and several markets, internationaltravel was basically shut down and so that component of our advertising andmarketing budget, we put into hibernation until that resumed. So there is a level of flexibility around it but it issomething that we just have to stay on top of day to day.
Howard Shapiro -Fox-Pitt Kelton: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Posner withMorgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Kenneth A. Posner - Morgan Stanley: Good morning. I wondered if you could just compare andcontrast the net assessment yields in the U.S.versus overseas? Or net revenue yields?
Chris A. McWilton: I don’t think we’ve broken that down in our filings before,Ken. I will tell you that in the U.S., we are going to process the transactionwhether it’s cross-border or not. And, as I’ve indicated before, whenever weprocess a transaction, obviously we’re getting fees that we wouldn’t if werejust simply assessing based upon the volume on the card, which might take placeintra-country within Europe or one of the Asia-Pacific countries. So yields is much higher generally in the U.S.than we see in other parts of the world if you take out the cross-borderactivity, just based on processing. We also process in the U.K., Canada, andAustralia and Brazil. So you see yields higher in those geographies as well.
Kenneth A. Posner - Morgan Stanley: Chris, without disclosing anything you haven’t disclosed,can we say anything about rough ballparks? Would it be safe to assume that inemerging markets and fast-growing markets, that you get a healthier assessmentthan you do in a mature market like the U.S.?
Robert W. Selander: Let me make an observation on that. I think we havedisclosed the dollar volume that’s in the U.S. versus international. We’ve alsodisclosed the revenue that’s U.S. versus international, and we are looking at Ithink in the second quarter, and I don’t have the third quarter at myfingertips, about 50% of our revenue was U.S. and 50% was international, andsomething around I think 43% or 44% of our volume was U.S., so you can see thatthere is more revenue per dollar of volume coming out of the U.S. Chris has already hit on the points that drive that. Weprocess everything that we do in the U.S. -- all the transactions, essentially,which is not necessarily the case in other markets outside of the U.S. that youwould expect to get both brand and processing fees. And then there’s obviously the mix of other revenues interms of advisory services and other things that aren’t necessarily driven offof the actual volume or processing of a transaction, and so that would alsoaffect that yield calculation. But you can do a gross estimate based on thosetwo data points that I mentioned.
Kenneth A. Posner - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. That’s helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bruce Harting withLehman Brothers. Please proceed.
Bruce W. Harting - Lehman Brothers: Thanks for the good news in an otherwise tough year here. Inthe context of your commentary on the fourth quarter, should we just expect netassessment and operation fees to be impacted in ratio terms by incentives orrebates by roughly similar amounts to last year? And then, very favorably strong growth in GDV outside U.S.-- could you just help us understand that in terms of the proportion ofcontribution from price increase versus your share increase in those marketsversus say consumer organic spending within the local economies? Thanks.
Chris A. McWilton: I think I’ll simplify your question and I would againencourage you to look at revenue yield. I think if you go and you model therevenue yield over the past three years and look at what happens to that yieldin the fourth quarter, I think you can make some observations with respect tothe decline, the gradual decline that takes place in Q4. As I mentioned in my remarks, there’s a lot of activitygoing on with merchants and acceptance activity in the fourth quarter and thatis reported as contra revenue. Volume does increase but again, we are gettinginto the tail-end of our tier-based pricing arrangements with our majorcustomers, so the pricing on those deals tend to be the lowest in the fourthquarter. So put the two of those together and you do see basis pointdegradation historically in Q4, not something unexpected. That’s how we look at it. We don’t necessarily dissect therebates and incentives as operations fees or assessments. We are managing thebusiness in terms of the total picture to our shareholders and customers.
Bruce W. Harting - Lehman Brothers: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anurag Rana withKeybanc. Please proceed.
Anurag Rana - KeybancCapital: Good morning, gentlemen. Great quarter. Chris, just a quickhousekeeping item; what would be the normalized investment income if we were totake out all the investments or the gains from Redecard? And the D&A wentdown a little bit compared to the last quarter. Could you please help usunderstand that?
Chris A. McWilton: As I mentioned in the call, the gains on the Redecard sales,the 25% of our holdings was $107 million pretax in the quarter, so you can backthat out. And the D&A went down, we had some adjustments around some of ourestimated useful lives and residual values on some of our fixed assets in thequarter, but nothing that I would see as something you would have to considergoing forward in your modeling.
Anurag Rana - KeybancCapital: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Smith withMerrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Gregory Smith -Merrill Lynch: On the modeling issue, regarding sales and marketing, Ithink you guys had said on the last call o 2Q that it would be up sequentially,when in fact it was down. So I guess the question is, is it possible that wecan see sales and marketing down for the full year, even though you are sayingit might be up?
Chris A. McWilton: Sometimes we have shifts in timing of our end marketingprograms that are driven by our customers that we don’t have unilateral controlover, so we might be planning a program to advertise around a paypass launch ora world card launch with a specific customer, and they call us up two weeksbefore the program is supposed to kick off and say we’re not ready for that,we’re going to do it in Q4 versus Q3, so we did have some slippage from Q4 toQ3 as we forecast our A&M --- Q3 to Q4, I’m sorry, in our A&M spend,but we are still looking at that very modest full-year growth. So it’s simply ashift in timing from Q3 to Q4.
Gregory Smith -Merrill Lynch: And then, it sounds like you guys are suggesting thatG&A is going to be up sequentially a fair amount in the fourth quarter. Aswe think about the first quarter, is it possible that we can see a sequentialdecline, just given all the activity in the fourth quarter that you may nothave in the first quarter?
Chris A. McWilton: I think we would give some commentary and context aroundthat when we get to the year-end. We are still in the midst of -- we’re rightin the middle of our budget process, arm-wresting with all the business unitsand they are working on timing, et cetera, and which programs they willcalendarize which way, so it’s really premature to think about Q1.
Gregory Smith -Merrill Lynch: Okay, we’ll take a guess. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Dodd withMorgan, Keegan. Please proceed.
Robert J. Dodd - Morgan, Keegan: To extend that question, on the G&A side, I wasexpecting somewhat more substantial growth in Q4 and I think you’ve givenindications that really you are not changing your second half, so along thoselines, what changed during the third quarter to push out some of thosetechnology investments? [It must] take a little bit longer planning than twoweeks ahead on the advertising spend, calling up and pushing it out. So can yougive us an idea why some of those expenses have slipped into Q4?
Chris A. McWilton: A lot of it has to do around hiring and if you look at ourG&A components, the biggest piece is the personnel cost. You know, ourbusiness units do have plans to bring the folks on board to work on projects,initiatives with customers, et cetera. And I think we saw a delay in hiring, asI mentioned in my remarks, that people did not come on as quickly as we thoughtthey would. They will come on in the fourth quarter and that’s why we’vecontinued to project both a sequential growth and the fourth quarter being theabsolute highest spend of any quarter. So it is sort of a push-out and timing issue from 3Q to 4Q,just around delays in hiring, and when hiring gets delayed, projects getdelayed. So if there is any outside support and vendor support to do a projectand we don’t have the people internally to do it, it compounds that. So we areseeing that shift out from 3Q to 4Q.
Robert J. Dodd - Morgan, Keegan: Just expanding that, I mean, on why are you having thedelays in hiring? Is it problems finding the right IT people or the right salespeople? Are they just not available in the market at this point or is thereanother issue?
Chris A. McWilton: No, I think you hit the nail on the head there. I thinkthere’s a relative scarcity of resources in the technology area, as well ascustomer-facing people that have the skill sets we are looking at to deal withcustomers at the level we are expecting to. We are not looking for clerks andback-office support. We’re looking for people that can go in and deal with sophisticatedcustomers in a sophisticated business and it’s a longer hiring cycle than Ithink we’ve anticipated.
Robert J. Dodd - Morgan, Keegan: Thank you.
Barbara Gasper: Operator, I think we have time for one last question.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Mark Sproule withThomas Weisel Partners. Please proceed.
Mark Sproule - ThomasWeisel Partners: Thank you. Maybe if I could touch on -- I guess a little bitof a rehash of some of the other questions, but looking at your spending butalso looking at it in the context of what some of your customers are doing withtheir portfolios and a number of the credit card issuers domesticallyespecially are having --
Robert W. Selander: Mark, could you speak up a bit?
Mark Sproule - ThomasWeisel Partners: Sorry, can you hear me better now?
Robert W. Selander: Yes.
Mark Sproule - ThomasWeisel Partners: Just looking at the credit card issuers that are yourcustomers, many of them are looking to re-center their portfolio to protectthemselves against increased credit losses, maybe putting incremental fees ontheir customers and constricting some of the lending that they are doing out inthe marketplace. Is there any concern that one, that could have an impact onyour domestic volumes as we go into Q4? But also, how does that play into whatyou’ve talked about briefly a few minutes ago about the timing of youradvertising if some of these guys maybe pull back on their own spending?
Robert W. Selander: Well, let’s use your hypothesis. Let’s assume that turns outto be the case. There is a slowdown in the marketing around card-relatedproducts here in the U.S. There are less incentives being placed out there forcardholders to use their products, than I would say yes, that we would react tothat. One, we would probably see some slowdowns, but we would also see delaysin our marketing spend and support programs that would be used for thosecustomers. To the extent there is a lessening of domestic volumesversus what we currently anticipated, the vast majority of our customers herein the United States have agreements which involve tiered pricing, and to theextent they don’t get to certain volume levels, they may not qualify for thatlower pricing. I think Chris has made it pretty clear, earlier comments todayand on other calls that the fourth quarter is our quarter generally of lowesteffective yield, and that in part is because we are getting to those highertiers from various lines of business our customers do, and therefore lowerpricing tiers. To the extent they don’t get there, there is a little bit ofa balancing mechanism, if you will, in terms of the structure of our pricing.
Mark Sproule - ThomasWeisel Partners: That’s helpful. And then, on a different side of theequation, when you look at the debit market, obviously nice growth in thesignature side, is there any inclination of trying to maybe make a biggersplash in the PIN debit market to counteract some of the other players that areout there? Thanks.
Robert W. Selander: Well, the debit market I think of globally and I think weare making pretty big splashes in it. If I look at growth in the U.S., debtcontinues to be stronger than credit, and we had nearly 15% growth in purchasevolume during the quarter in our domestic signature-based debit. I’ve mentionedhere the relationship with Banc of America, which we are delighted to beworking with them. Outside of the U.S., Maestro is a very strong performer. Wehave over 600 million Maestro cards, and I’ve highlighted some of the thingsthat we’ve been doing with players, particularly in Europe, but we are doingsimilar types of things in other regions of the world as well. So I feel good about our position in debit. It’s a rapidlygrowing market. It continues to receive focus and we look forward to havingmore successes there.
Operator: I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Bob Selanderfor closing remarks.
Robert W. Selander: I would like to thank everybody for joining us today. Again,we are just delighted with our results for the quarter and we are glad we wereable to share them with all of you. Have a great day. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. Thisconcludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Gasper - IR   Chris McWilton - CFO   Tara Maguire - Corporate Controller 
Analysts: Liz Grausam - Goldman Sachs   Tim Willi - A. G. Edwards   Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan   Adam Frisch - UBS   Ken Posner - Morgan Stanley   David Hochstim - Bear Stearns   Michael Cohen - Sunova Capital   Andrew Jeffrey - Robertson & Humphrey   Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus   Robert Dodd - Morgan Keegan   Mark Sproule - Thomas Weisel Partners   Christopher Mammone - Deutsche Bank   Dan Perlin - Wachovia   David Parker - Merrill Lynch   Pat Burton - Citigroup 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Second Quarter 2007 MasterCard Earnings Call. My name is Natasha and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Barbara Gasper, Head of Investor Relations. Please proceed. 
Barbara Gasper: Thank you, Natasha. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today either by phone or webcast for a discussion about our second quarter financial results. With me on the call this morning are Chris McWilton, our Chief Financial Officer and Tara Maguire, our Corporate Controller.  Following comments by Chris, highlighting some key points about the second quarter, we will open up the call for your questions. And in total, the call will last up to one hour. For your reference this morning's earnings release and the slide deck that will be referenced on this call can be found in the investor relations section of our website at www.mastercard.com.  These documents have also been attached to an 8-K that we filed with the SEC this morning. A replay of this call will be posted on our website for one week until August the 8th.  And finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earning's release, I need to remind everyone that today's call may include some forward-looking statements about MasterCard's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance are summarized at the end of our press release as well as contained in your recent SEC filings. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Chris McWilton. Chris? 
Chris McWilton: Thank you, Barbara. Good morning, everyone. We are really quite pleased with our second quarter results, epecially since this quarter’s net revenue represents record performance for any quarter in the company's history. Our financials demonstrate the underlying strength of our business and our ability to leverage the tremendous growth and opportunity in the overall payments business.  Turning to page two of the slide deck, we delivered net income of $195 million or $1.43 per share on a diluted basis, excluding special items. Including special items, we've recorded net income of $252 million or $1.85 per share on a diluted basis. Our record quarterly net revenue of $997 million was driven primarily by strong growth in GDV and processed transactions, including cross-border transaction volumes, which grew 17.3%.  Finally, we saw our operating margin improve 10.3 percentage points to 27.3% from 17.0% in 2006, adjusted for special items, demonstrating the leveragability of our business model. In addition to the financial results, there are a few business developments from the quarter that I’d like to highlight. In April, we announced that our Board had approved plans for certain accelerated Class B share conversions in 2007, and a $500 million Class A share repurchase, subject to shareholder approval of changes to our corporate charter.  In June, after receiving shareholder approval at our annual meeting, we provided some details about the mechanics of the Class B conversion process. As a reminder, the initial conversion window will extend from Saturday, August 4 through Friday, October 5. We expect to provide you with an update on the initial conversion and our share repurchase program as part of our third quarter earnings announcement.  Also in June, we announced that we reached an agreement to resolve our contract dispute related to sponsorship of the 2010 and 2014 World Cup soccer events. As you probably recall, we discontinued our sponsorship of the World Cup soccer events and received a total of $90 million in compensation. These funds will be used for general corporate purposes as business needs are identified.  We believe we now have greater flexibility to ship marketing resources originally earmarked for World Cup to drive and execute marketing programming at the regional and local levels.  Finally, I’m sure many of you have heard about the Redecard IPO that took place last month. Redecard had a merchant acquirer and processor in Brazil which up until last month was owned by three financial institutions in MasterCard.  Post IPO, we continue to hold a 4% stake in the company and the investment we made in 1996 is now appreciated substantially. We’ve entered into a lock of agreement for shares that if we elect to sell our shares, include some restrictions on timing and pricing of sales to non-qualified institutional buyers during the 12 months following the closing of Redecard’s IPO. If and when we decide to sell our Redecard shares, we will disclose the details of any sales in the ordinary course. I will emphasize that Redecard is an important customer of MasterCard, they continue to be a strong ally in the development of our business in Brazil.  With that let's turn to page 3 of the slide deck for more details on the financials. As I mentioned, net revenue for the quarter was $997 million, a 17.8% increase over 2006; currency fluctuation of the Euro relative to the U.S. dollar contributed approximately 2 percentage points of the revenue increase. There were two special items that we highlighted in the second quarter of 2007, first a 3.4 million reserve recorded for a litigation settlement and $90 million in other income related to the World Cup settlement I just mentioned.  We have several special items in the second quarter of 2006 relating to our IPO and the establishment of the MasterCard Foundation; Appendix A of slide deck provides the comprehensive summary of these special items.  Turning to page 4. In the second quarter, we experienced continued growth in both GDV and process transactions across all regions. GDV grew 13.3% on a local currency basis and 16.4% on a U.S. dollar converted basis to $555 billion. The second quarter was the thirteenth consecutive quarter of double-digit GDV growth on a local currency basis.  Although not shown on page 4, purchase volume was up 14.8% on a local currency basis and cash volume was up 9% on a local currency basis. Additionally, cross-border transaction volume, where the volume that had generated from cardholders who travel outside of the country where their card is issued, was up 17.3%.  While the United States remains our largest region in terms of both volume and revenue, regions outside of the U.S., such as South Asia, the Middle East, Africa and Latin America continue to grow at faster rates, demonstrating the global strength of our business.  As we discussed in the past, one of the metrics we focused on is revenue yield, or net revenue for $1,000 of GDV. This metric was 18 basis points in the quarter versus 17.8 basis points in the second quarter of last year. This metric has been relatively steady, it is flat versus the first quarter of 2007, but slightly higher on a year-over-year basis due principally to the strength in the international transaction volumes.  Processed transactions, or the transactions processed across MasterCard’s network, increased 15.2% to 14.6 billion in the quarter. You will note that this growth rate is down versus recent quarters due to the anniversary of a large debit issuer conversion that took place primarily in the second quarter of 2006. Additional details about our operating performance can be found on page nine of our earnings press release and on the IR section of our website.  On page five, we show that net assessments increased $34 million or 14.5% to $268 million. Gross assessments increased $59 million or 13.3% over 2006, due to strong GDV growth. Although we did not have the impact of conversion costs for a large debit issuer that occurred in the second quarter of 2006, our assessment rebates and incentives grew 12% versus last year; this is primarily due to approvals earlier in the year for certain merchant incentives, based upon MasterCard specific performance versus previous years.  Turning to page six, you can see the net operation fees increased $117 million with 19.1% to $729 million. Gross operation fees increased $132 million or 19.6%; this growth was driven by two factors. First, growth in processed transactions, gross dollar volume, and cross-border transaction volume that I previously described on slide four. And second, growth in authorization, settlement and switch revenue, which was driven by higher utilization of stand-in authorization services as well as pricing changes for these services.  Stand-in occurs when the issuers' primary authorization routing options fail and MasterCard can stand-in on behalf of the issuer and approve the request based upon issuer-defined parameters. Well, the price change for this service did not materially contribute to overall revenue growth, but it is an example of how we can increase prices in targeted areas based on the enhanced value that we bring to our customers.  We turn now to page seven for some detail on expenses. During the second quarter total operating expenses increased 3.2% to $725 million, excluding special items. This increase was mainly driven by an 18.2% increase in general and administrative expenses primarily due to two factors. First, an increase in personnel cost related to the planned hiring of additional staff and contractors to support our customer focus strategy. Second, an increase in professional fees related to external cost to advance our key strategic initiatives and legal cost to defend outstanding litigations.  Offsetting the increase in G&A was a 12.6% decrease in advertising and marketing expenses reflecting significant World Cup sponsorship activity in the second quarter of last year. As well as the planned shift A&M spending to the third and fourth quarters of this year.  Including special items, operating expenses decreased 35% to $728 million; currency fluctuation of the Euro relative to the US dollar negatively impacted the decrease in total operating expenses for approximately 0.7 percentage points for the quarter.  Moving to the cash flow and balance sheet highlights on page 8, we generated $446 million in cash flow from operations during the first six months of 2007. We ended the quarter with $2.8 billion in cash, cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities. We also had $2.9 billion in stockholders equity. Prepaid expenses increased $65 million primarily due to higher customer incentives and advertising expenses. Finally, $80 million of 10-year unsecured subordinated notes, which mature on June 30, 2008, where we classify it from long-term debt to short-term debt.  Turning to page 9. There are a few items I’d like to highlight for your consideration as you refine and update your model for the balance of 2007. First, there were no special items in the third quarter of 2006. In the fourth quarter of the 2006, we had $2 million of litigation settlements. Second, given our plans for the remainder of 2007, we believe in the second half of 2007 our G&A will grow at a rate similar to the rate we experienced in the first half of the year.  Third, as I’ve mentioned in the past, and would like to reiterate, we anticipate a very modest full year growth in A&M in 2007. Within this framework we expect the third quarter spend to be higher than the second quarter and the fourth quarter spend to be the highest of the year. This will also result in a more even distribution of A&M spend between the third and fourth quarters relative to prior years.  Finally, on a go-forward basis, our Redecard investment will be mark-to-market on our balance sheet, gains and losses will not be recognized in our P&L until, and unless, we sell the securities. Well to wrap up, we are quite pleased with our performance in the quarter and believe the business continues to show great momentum. Our second quarter results clearly demonstrate our success in penetrating the global payments opportunity and our ability to improve our business while focusing on delivering customized solutions for our customers and merchants. 
Barbara Gasper: We are now ready to begin the question and answer period. In order to get to as many people as possible in our allotted one-hour timeframe, we ask that you limit yourself to a single question with one follow-up and then re-queue if you have additional questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instruction) Your first question comes from the line of Liz Grausam, with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. 
Liz Grausam - Goldman Sachs: Thanks, just wondering on your rebates and incentive line, this has been growing fairly rapidly in both growths and in both assessments and in your operations fees in 2005 and 2006 that really seems to slowdown. Could you help us understand some of the dynamics -- whether it would be a mix between U.S. and overseas and how that’s affecting your rebates and incentives? And also within the domestic market, how you might see pricing changing a bit over the course of the last two years? 
Chris McWilton: Well, as I think we’ve talked about in the past, it can be a little challenging and daunting to analyze rebates and incentives, sequential growth or quarter-over-quarter growth, because of the way we conduct business, for instance, but we had a large debit card conversion that took place during the second quarter last year, which is going to impact your growth rates quarter-to-quarter. I continue to encourage you -- don’t over-torture these rebates and incentive numbers, we look at this in the business on a net revenue yield basis that I talked about in the past, the 18 basis points on volume that we experienced in the quarter. As we’ve said, we expect a gentle downdraft on those basis points yields over time  We've been very fortunate so far that we've been able to maintain that yield and were flat the last year and actually up 0.2 basis points versus the first quarter. So, again that’s the way we look at the business, we don't have the Vice President of Rebate and Incentives, we don't even have Vice President of Operations Fees, we don't have the Vice President of Assessments. We are trying to drive business to our customers in a way that maximizes the profit potential of their business and make sure that we maintain that revenue yield at acceptable levels. 
Liz Grausam - Goldman Sachs: Great. And just a follow-up back on revenue and just the GDV trends you are seeing certainly very strong and stronger than we'd expected, particular in the first quarter and the second quarter, help us understand, are cross-border transactions outperforming your own internal expectations and what do you think that's driven by? The new account wins you've been able to bring on board, really this emerging market growth that is outsized relative to your expectations? 
Chris McWilton: I think it’s all of the above really, I think we are definitely winning deals -- you heard it on our Investor Day, our Chief Operating Officer spoke about the number of deals we were winning vis-a-vis our major competitors. The travel markets do remain healthy, fortunately, knock on the wood, the geopolitical events, terrorist activities have slowed down on an international travel. And as you can see from the volume figures that we've put in the slide deck in our earnings release, the international markets are doing very well. Latin America, South Asia, the Middle East, Africa, Asia Pacific all doing very well and they mentioned on the call last time, these are the markets that are really driving a lot of the growth for the company and we are well positioned as a unified global company to take advantage of those trends. I am very happy on all fronts I think we had pretty much all the drivers list. 
Liz Grausam - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks Chris. 
Chris McWilton: Thank you. 
Tara Maguire: Before we go on to the next question I just want to clarify one point for the quarterly process 4.6 billion transactions. Next question operator. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tim Willi with A. G. Edwards. Please proceed. 
Tim Willi - A. G. Edwards: Thank you, good morning a question about the US debit performance, it looks like on transactions per card the year-over-year growth rate dropped off pretty sharply, assuming a lot of that was just due to the annulations of the Washington mutual conversion , but I was wondering can you just maybe talk about that within that product and maybe even on prepaid within the US, sort of what you are doing or continuing to do with issuers to drive increased usage for a card account? Although that might be an institution, the financial institution, but anything that you are also doing with merchants to again drive acceptance and usage within that particular product basket? 
Chris McWilton: Yeah, debit is obviously an area of focus for us and we were delighted to get that big debit conversion last year. You are seeing some discontinuity I think in the growth rates, because we are lapping the anniversary of that card conversion. We got a lot of capabilities in debit, we were delighted that Judge Jones overturned the Settlements Service Fee that Visa had imposed on issuers, with respect to switching to MasterCard and we are actively pursuing those customers today, so that's one of the things we are doing to win more debit work. Obviously at the cardholder level we are working with our financial institution customers to make sure that debit is a viable product for both the issuer and the customer looking at into PayPass opportunities as a convenience device to expand debit usage. Now you are going to see transaction size has come down with PayPass, so there would be some downward pressure on that but we still think we are very well positioned in debit and continue to see good growth potential. 
Tim Willi - A. G. Edwards: Great, thank you. 
Chris McWilton: Yes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tien-Tsin Huang with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Hi, good morning. 
Chris McWilton: Good morning Tien-Tsin, how are you? 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Good, a couple questions, first on G&A. I appreciate the guidance of second half, sounds like it's going to grow at a similar rate to the first half. Just to be clear Chris, your second half G&A from last year, if I recall, included some unusual items -- should we adjust the base for those items as we think about growing G&A? 
Chris McWilton: G&A based in the second half of the year. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Last year included some unusual items, if I recall severance and some other items. So, should we adjust that base? 
Chris McWilton: Anything we didn't call out as a special item and adjust in our non-GAAP reconciliation Tien-Tsin, I would not pull out. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Okay. You would not pull out. Okay. Understood, then secondly, only on ad and marketing we had given the loss of the World Cup sponsorship, do you expect to replace this marketing spend or is this a chance to moderate your ad and marketing spend overall? 
Chris McWilton: As we've said in the past, we built our ad and marketing budget around the World Cup as a platform. So we didn't increase it's spend in the World Cup year or past World Cup years because the event was taking place. But we built it around the platform, so we integrated spend on to that sponsorship property.  Going forward we intend to leverage other sponsorship properties that we have or perhaps new sponsorship properties to replace the World Cup activity. So we are not sitting here and internally saying, oh boy we just saved x number of dollars of advertising money; our customers expected to support the brand around the world. We have other major sponsorship properties, whether it be UEFA Champions League or Copa, Major League Baseball here in the U.S. So we’ve got lots of leverage we can pull, we are not sitting here turning back the ad and marketing initiatives because of the World Cup. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Okay. That’s helpful. I could speak on one more, just the transaction growth, still seeing some nice growth there. How much of this is from, as you talked about, average ticket moving down versus actually potentially gaining share overseas in terms of processing? Thank you. 
Chris McWilton: Well, you know, ticket sizes are -- there is a down draft in ticket size and particular in the U.S. where there is a growth in debit which are tend to be used for smaller ticket items. I think if you look across the globe, ticket sizes are fairly stable. I don’t think we have ever published those numbers but they are fairly stable. So, I sort of lost my trend, I thought on your question there is, you are talking about ticket sizes and… 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Ticket size versus gaining process -- 
Chris McWilton: You know, Bob has mentioned, I’ve mentioned in the past that we are not focused on share for share sake. We are focused on profitable share. I know we are winning a lot of deals, as you heard at our investor day -- I know we are winning a lot of deals in Europe, in other parts of the word, so the global strength is there; and again we are not sitting around here watching every needle on the Nielson scale. What we are trying to make sure is that we drive the business in a profitable way and make sure we deliver the financial results like we delivered this quarter. 
Tien-Tsin Huang - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thanks gentlemen. 
Chris McWilton: Okay. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Frisch with UBS. Please proceed. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Thanks. Good morning. During the quarter there were some headlines with regard to European banks regarding building their own separate compliance debit team and M&A September launch date, this could prove to be a more solvent substance. But why don’t you give your thoughts and their efforts and also an update on how your discussions are going with the European banks? 
Chris McWilton: Yeah. There were headlines around that, developing a European payment scheme. Adam, I think our Maestro brand and our platform in Europe is really ideal for solving the safer challenges. We’ve got about 300 million Maestro cards in circulation in Europe today. We’ve got Pan European acceptance, we got international acceptance, we got unsurpassed acceptance locations in that part of the world.  Now if selected banks decide to get together and create something from ground zero, there are obviously challenges with that, it’s very difficult to convince an issuer to go and issue cards to their valued customers and disrupt their relationship with customers, for cards that there may not be any acceptance for. And it’s also very difficult to get merchants to accept the card when there is no guarantee, there is going to be issuance of the card. So still a chicken and the egg, and we have a platform on the ground today which is not [vapor pay], it works, it’s on a lot of cards already and we think we are well positioned with that product platform to go forward.  As you heard Javier Perez, our European President, talking at the investor day, SEPA is not going to be linear progression here. You’ve got a lot of different constituencies, issuers, acquirers, merchants all starting from different spot and different geographies, there is the natural issues of sovereignty that play out in Europe, there is going to be starts and stops, but I think at the end of the day, we are going to be very successful here. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay. Thanks for that color Chris. There are two housekeeping items, first thanks for breaking out the cross border transaction growth, what was it in the first quarter and how is it tracking in June and July? And then other housekeeping was were there any major pricing changes which impacted revenue growths in the quarter? 
Chris McWilton: Yes, well Tara is looking up the growth for me right now in Q1, but we do have bit of slight pricing modification around our stand-in fees that I mentioned on one of the slides, it was not significant to revenue growth in the quarter, I did want to call that out just as we had mentioned in the past that they are targeted areas where we can increase pricing going forward and are all look vigilant around that. So we are not taking our after bowl from a pricing standpoint. Nothing to the extent we have the currency conversation last year. Tara why don’t you get the last year’s -- 
Tara Maguire: There was 18.3% growth in the first quarter for our cross-border transaction. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: And then how was it tracking in June and July? 
Chris McWilton: We can't comment on July as you know, we are looking. 
Adam Frisch - UBS: Okay. Thank you. 
Chris McWilton: Okay. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Posner with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed. 
Ken Posner - Morgan Stanley: Good morning. The revenue growth in the quarter was a lot stronger than whatever we have modeled, so congratulations on that. What did you zero in on in the US, where the bill business growth was 10% lagging the rest of the world and the 10% growth was actually a down shift from 16% growth in the prior quarter year-over-year? So I'm just curious is that, I mean that we should draw the link from maybe a little bit of trimming in the advertising and marketing to a little bit of slow down in the US, which would seem to be a very rational move or is there another explanation for these? 
Chris McWilton: Ken your observations are spot on, what you are seeing in the US is the lapping of the anniversary on the debit conversion that took place in 2006. So that is the key driver, I think if you look at the debit volumes statistics in the table you see the US volume dropping off significantly form a growth perspective. So, it's not related to any sort of conscious effort to trim back advertising, marketing in the US. The US as you know is a more mature plastic market than the rest of the world. So we are starting from a point where it's not growing as quickly and we see that our customers in the US they are challenged to grow their outstandings and their transaction volumes and that obviously went through to us. So, it's a slower growth market and then you layer in the effect of the debit conversion and you are going to see for the first time I think in a little bit the growth under 10%. 
Ken Posner - Morgan Stanley: And can I just ask a follow up, the revenue growth rate was very, very strong. The expense growth rate as you pointed out was also on the upper double digit range. Now I think MasterCard is having a lot of fixed cost to the business model, are we just in a period of time when there is going to be a need to spend more to grow more? 
Chris McWilton: Just to clarify, the G&A growth in the quarter it was 18.2%, the ad marketing was actually down 12.6, so overall it was in the 3% overall growth rate. 
Ken Posner - Morgan Stanley: I mean just with the regard to the G&A. 
Chris McWilton: G&A. One of the things that I look at and we’ll step back for a minute, it’s not appropriate to extrapolate but I’m going to phase it as to the remainder of the year, but if you look at our six months results, we have grown our revenue just north of 20%, we've grown our expense just north of 5% back to leverage, and there aren’t a lot of companies out there that can demonstrate those kind of results.  Now, as you all know, the fourth quarter is a period of lowest profitability but we are not taking our [assets] from an expense standpoint , we are going to repair it, as I've said, we were building out account teams. We are adding capabilities around product, we are adding abilities around advisory, capabilities, and adding people, and we are going to see that growth that we've experienced in the first half of the year continue through the second half. So people are important, we've said people are important to our business, we think it differentiates us, I am hearing anecdotes where customers are very excited about our advisory capabilities, we're winning deals not just because we're walking with a price list and we happen to be the lowest, but because we really know their business and are focused on helping them driving with people who really know the cards industry, so we are in a period to build and that will continue through the rest of the year. 
Ken Posner - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. 
Chris McWilton: Yeah. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Hochstim with Bear Stearns. Please proceed. 
David Hochstim - Bear Stearns: Yeah, hi, sort of following up on Tien's question, maybe another way to think about this is should we continue to see $25 million to $30 million sequential increases in G&A, and I mean beyond this year or are you in a building process that kind of runs through the end of this year and then we should see more modest G&A growth? 
Chris McWilton: I think clearly through the -- as I mentioned and on my prepared remarks, when I continue to see the growth in the second half of the year near where we saw in the first day you can do the math in terms of sequential increases in G&A, you will start to see some moderation of G&A in 2008 just as we lap we start to reach anniversary of some of the hires we have made. We are going to be going through a budget process with our business teams in the next several months and we are going to be evaluating whether some of the expectations we have around continuing the pace of hires it necessary in 2008. At this time I think it’s too early to tell, where that's going to head. But obviously something that I am very focused on as a CFO is to make sure we don’t get ahead of ourselves with that. 
David Hochstim - Bear Stearns: Is there any way to sort of quantify the breakdown of the increase in dollar spend between personnel additions and the consulting and strategic initiatives? 
Chris McWilton: That is broken out, I mean just see when we filed the Q later and today we breakdown personnel, we breakdown professional fees, we breakdown travel and entertainment etcetera. But the biggest bulk of the growth in G&A is on the personnel line. 
David Hochstim - Bear Stearns: Okay. And then could you -- 
Chris McWilton: You know we are a growing company and we need resources. So it’s not necessarily an evil thing to be in a position where you can add people and show the kind of leverage we’ve shown to the first six months of the year. 
David Hochstim - Bear Stearns: Right, and then could you just maybe give us update on your view of the general down draft in the average revenue margin, the 18 basis points, I mean your down draft this quarter as you pointed out was positive? 
Chris McWilton: It’s up draft. 
David Hochstim - Bear Stearns: Negative down draft, yeah? 
Chris McWilton: Negative down draft. Yeah, some of that is moderated by international volumes, Tara will give you the growth in the international volumes over time and when that volume is strong, as I’ve said in the past, we are able to generate basically higher margin in those types of higher yield -- on those types of transactions. We are processing the transaction, because it’s across the border. We are generating currency conversion fees to make it to get that currency back to the home country of the card holder.  Whether or not we actually converted it at the point of sale or not, we are able to make sure that happens. Generally, when people travel, they are putting big ticket items on their cards, they are putting airplane tickets, they are putting hotel stays and hopefully nice meals with their families as they travel around the world or go on business. So when that revenue growth is up, it provides buoyancy to the effective yield. And as I said, over a long-term horizon we expect gentle down draft on that, but as I caution literally year around quarter-to-quarter, it might bounce around a little bit. 
David Hochstim - Bear Stearns: Okay. And then, whether stand-in price change at the end of the quarter or during the middle of the quarter? 
Chris McWilton: It was toward the mid to tail end of the quarter. 
David Hochstim - Bear Stearns: So I see next quarter we might actually see some affect that you point to? 
Chris McWilton: I am sorry, that will role into the next quarter. 
David Hochstim - Bear Stearns: Alright. Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Michael Cohen with Sunova Capital. Please proceed. 
Michael Cohen - Sunova Capital: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. You mentioned something about front loading some of your assessment rebates. Could you clarify that, I wasn’t entirely clear as to what that meant? 
Chris McWilton: Yeah, what we are trying to point out there is -- last year in the second quarter we had a lot of card conversion cost related to that debit issuer conversions we chatted about, and we wanted to sort of amplify the fact that, despite the fact we didn’t have that same experience this year, we have a lot of merchant programs in place, where the performance of the merchant relative to MasterCard specific criteria issuance or volume of sales they do on MasterCard cards or new acceptance categories versus warehouse, clubs, etcetera, those kicked in earlier in the year. So if you are modeling and we are accepting a large decrease in the rebates and incentives, on the effective line might not have seen in this quarter, one have to just provide some color around that. 
Michael Cohen - Sunova Capital: I’m sorry, so just to clarify, so does that mean that it’s kicked in early in the year, so therefore, rather than to be recognized randomly through the year it’s more front-end loaded than back-end loaded or it just started earlier? 
Chris McWilton: That’s started earlier. 
Michael Cohen - Sunova Capital: Okay. Great, thank you. 
Chris McWilton: Okay. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Jeffrey, with Robertson & Humphrey. Please proceed. 
Andrew Jeffrey - Robertson & Humphrey: Hi, good morning. Chris, can you talk a little bit about market share, especially in Europe or any accounts in the US. And whether or not you see yourself continuing to take share and whether there are any portfolio conversions in the pipeline that we should expect to hit in the next several quarters? 
Chris McWilton: Well, I think if you have listened to Bob and I over the past year or so, we are not focused on share, we do not sit around senior management tables, pouring over the Nielsen Reports and looking for shares swings in different geographies, in different products, etcetera. We are focused on profitable share and delivering financial results, like we delivered this quarter. We are constantly looking for new deals, in fact the deal flow I think is very healthy right now, we are seeing a lot of deals coming through Europe.  A lot of them cross my desk. And Javier Perez and his team are quite energetic and quite optimistic about what they are seeing in Europe. We are well positioned, we're on the ground, we have got great products. And you are going to have ups and downs, and swing, and roundabouts in share from one geography to the next from quarter-to-quarter. But again, we are focused on driving the bottom-line and making sure we maximize the value to the shareholders. 
Andrew Jeffrey - Robertson & Humphrey: Okay. Are there any portfolio conversions strongly in the pipeline? 
Chris McWilton: There are all the deals going on. That's what our sales force is out there doing, whether it be a segment deal or brand flip, but I can't comment on specific transactions that are underway right now obviously for confidentiality reasons. 
Andrew Jeffrey - Robertson & Humphrey: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Chris Brendler with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed. 
Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, thanks good morning. Chris I wanted to – could you get that mostly, but just to follow-up a little bit more on the rebates incentives I know you don't have a manager of those arrangements but consistently in your Q’s and K’s and regulatory filings you state that your revenue growth was moderated by the demand for our customers for a better pricing ranges and greater rebates and incentives and my understanding is that’s a key part of your value proposition to the merchants. So, and we definitely have seen a deceleration relative to the prior two years in the first two quarters of the year. So can you just give us a little more color on is that a deceleration, is it more of a seasonal impact? I’m backing out of the (inaudible) I know it's not (inaudible), any more color you can give on sort of the pricing dynamics and your relationships with your customers. 
Chris McWilton: Yeah, I think we've said in the past that our customers are very tough. They sit across the table from us and we are under pressure. First of all we're dealing with that inverted yield curve and now we are dealing with sub prime issues and they are trying to squeeze every penny they can out of every supplier and business advisor that they deal with, so you are going to have quarter to quarter acceleration or deceleration. One of this -- I think the natural things you see in rebates and incentives is the growth of the base.  And when you are starting from zero and all the time you are providing rebates and incentives to a merchant category, but you didn’t provide before, you are going to see a very high growth in rebates and incentives as that comes up over time and stabilizes you are going to see the deceleration occurring, you also see some around seasonality of the business. We tend to have more rebates and incentives with merchants and the back half of the year as we promote around the holiday season, so I think a good part of it is based -- a good part of the seasonality but again I want to reiterate we don't expect the net revenue yield on GDV to be spiraling upward that again point down draft. 
Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus: I will ask a separate question real quick, just give me – I know you are giving me an update on the buyback on the third quarter call, any other timeline or your excess capital position is there anything else you anticipate this year in knowing a dividend or buyback? It looks like the excess capital continues to build very nicely. 
Chris McWilton: It does, you're absolutely right. It's something that we think about all the time, obviously the FIFA settlement put some additional cash on our balance sheet of -- and when we decide to do something with that Redecard, that may provide some additional liquidity as well, we haven’t decided quite yet what we are going to do with those securities. I think we demonstrated very early in our evolution as a public company, sometimes we forget we've only been public for a little over year, we've already announced a dividend increase and we've already announced a $500 million share repurchase I think that’s pretty remarkable and as we get further out in the year and we get the third quarter under our belt, we are going to be constantly updating the Board, in terms of different opportunities we have for the capital structure. A lot of flexibility there, we can increase the dividend, we can do another share repurchase if we need to, and obviously we are always looking at acquisitions that make sense to us. So nothing specific I can point you to today, but I just want to assure you that nobody has missed what you observe which is why we've got a lot of capital. 
Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus: That’s all I have. Thank you. 
Chris McWilton: Yes. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Dodd with Morgan Keegan. Please proceed. 
Robert Dodd - Morgan Keegan: Hi, guys, just going back to the World Cup, what you are going to do on the sponsorships side there, I mean it was a pretty significant property where you had a lot of relationships who were co-branding cards for points to go that World Cup in Germany or whatever? 
Chris McWilton: Yes. 
Robert Dodd - Morgan Keegan: What's been the reaction from the customers that who had those co-branded MasterCards? And then are you getting any kind of blow back from them in terms of potentially losing share to Visa given the sponsorship shifting? 
Chris McWilton: No, we haven’t done blow back, obviously it was a nice property for us and we were involved in it for a long period of time and, you said something about relationships on there, but I think our customers understand and that is if you are going to have a partnership with somebody who involves the kind of money that we spend on FIFA and with FIFA around the World Cup, you have to trust your business partner.  And at the end of the day, we couldn’t get there. And I think our customers understand that they -- I don’t think they are going to penalize us for walking away from a situation that didn't meet our standards. So, we are very good with working with other sponsorship assets and properties in the US, to be candid FIFA is not that big of a deal.  I think people are just not that close to soccer events, etcetera; in other parts of the world, it is a bigger deal but we do have other properties. I mean the Champions League in Europe draws as much attention and fever as the World Cup. In Copa, the Argentina/Brazil game gets as much fever as the World Cup event. So, we haven’t got any backlash yet, it’s still early, I mean there could be some I am not going to pretend that that’s not a possibility, but so far so good. 
Robert Dodd - Morgan Keegan: Okay. Thank you. 
Chris McWilton: Yeah. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Sproule with Thomas Weisel Partners. Please proceed. 
Mark Sproule - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thanks. Just really quickly, I guess, I'll go back a little bit on the US GDV growth. Are you seeing any, I guess shift within consumer base and margin perspective quotient may be toward the PIN debit side and effecting your debit volume? Is there any down side to that? 
Barbara Gasper: Mark, can you speak up a little closer to the phone, we can barely hear your question. 
Mark Sproule - Thomas Weisel Partners: Sorry. I apologize. Can you hear me better now? 
Chris McWilton: Yeah. 
Mark Sproule - Thomas Weisel Partners: On the US GDV side, understanding that a little bit is the role over of the [warmer] stuff and when you look at the debit volumes there, is there a compliance and maybe, or maybe US consumer is spending less or is it a push out from merchants trying to drive consumers to PIN debit? Is there any sort of offset that you can push in there to drive growth upwards? 
Chris McWilton: Yeah, obviously merchants encourage PIN debit at the point of sales they try to (inaudible) for PIN debit because they can run them on the ACH network, or one of the regional ATM networks that have better economics for them. But our issuers don’t necessarily get the same economics from a PIN debit deal, as they do from a signature debit or a credit transaction. So, whatever pressure the merchant is putting on, the issuer is putting on similar pressure to get the cardholder to either sign or use a credit card. So, you can't find too many PIN debit products these days that offer rewards, which is a major proposition when it comes to cardholder pulling out their card at a point of sale.  So I don’t think we are necessarily seeing the movement in the GDV in the U.S., now slightly below 10% as attributable to a fee obtained with respect to how people are using cards at the point of the sale, there is pressure from the merchant, I think it’s being counteracted by pressure at the issuer. What I think you are seeing in the U.S. is the fact that it is a fairly mature credit market and 9.8% growth isn’t bad in most parts of the world, but we are fortunate enough to be a global company, so we are seeing mid-teens in the international geographies.  The sub-prime mission and (inaudible) raised that yet, we are not seeing anything on a day-to-day basis, which would indicate that there is something calamitous from a spending perspective going on out there. I think in the past we weathered, whether it would be recessions, a stars event, 9/11 fairly well, I think you need some data out there that suggest that during economic slow times transactions and transaction volumes will actually pick up, so I think we are feeling pretty good about the U.S. overall, but we do have to moderate expectations given the market dynamics. 
Mark Sproule - Thomas Weisel Partners: And then, if I could shift you a little bit, just a roll back towards the marketing discussion. Is there, some of your commentary and other than your Champion League may not apply to this but are you looking more at maybe small or localized events like the Copa events with the Brazil/Argentina events that’s there, but versus the global Olympics World Cup type events that you sort of pushed out of the short-term? Thanks. 
Chris McWilton: Yeah, I think there are two large global properties from the sponsorship standpoint that have more key value that the World Cup is one of them, Olympics is the other, but we think we are able to do things on a much more tailored basis at local levels with local sponsorship as you mentioned, perhaps more customer specific advertising than we've done in the past. So we’ll have buttons to push and Larry Flanagan, our Chief Marketing Officer and his team never have a shortage of ideas on how we can continue to support the brand around the world. This was one of the major sponsorships, it’s unfortunate we weren't able to get FIFA to play by our standards. But I think we are going to continue to be able to support the brand and the recognition it's gotten and the strength that we've enjoyed over the past ten years and so. 
Mark Sproule - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thanks a lot. 
Chris McWilton: Yes. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Christopher Mammone with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed. 
Christopher Mammone - Deutsche Bank: Hi, thanks. Most of my questions have been answered just quickly on the tax rate and then a little bit lower than we expected, what's your outlook for the full-year tax rate? 
Chris McWilton: We don't give outlooks but what we are using internally is 36%. We did get a little bit of a benefit this quarter, New York state changed their tax rate, dropped it; it's unusual for New York state to drop anything from a tax standpoint and that, we’ll take it. That does has – that was mitigated by the fact that under your accounting rules and your tax rate comes down any differed tax assets you have on the balance sheet they got to be written up, a little counterintuitive but that did moderated it. But I think if you are modeling, 36% is a good number. 
Christopher Mammone - Deutsche Bank: Great, thanks. 
Chris McWilton: Okay. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Perlin with Wachovia. Please proceed. 
Dan Perlin - Wachovia: Thanks. Hi just a couple of quick questions. Third quarter A&M, you said it's going to increase I just want to make sure you are talking about absolute dollar increase sequentially? 
Chris McWilton: Absolute dollar increase sequentially yes. 
Dan Perlin - Wachovia: Okay. Secondly, U.S. dollar or just the total revenue growth when I try and reconcile that, and I take out the currency, is it safe to say that the kind of remaining delta is just mixed into the international market as opposed to maybe better pricing or the stand-in routing options? 
Chris McWilton: Yeah, you will see in the filings this afternoon too, when you turn to the section of revenue growth there is a description of the impact of the stand-in fee change and the impact on that revenue line, but relative to the total revenue growth it's insignificant. 
Dan Perlin - Wachovia: Okay. So then it's primarily a mix shift into the other? 
Chris McWilton: It’s volume, international volume, and like you said the mix. 
Dan Perlin - Wachovia: Have you ever talked about what just basis point deferential is, in general for international versus domestic? 
Chris McWilton: No we never disclosed that, but I can give you some thought around that. We processed transactions in pretty much Anglo-American countries the US, UK, Canada and Australia. We process obviously -- we generate more revenue than if we simply asses based upon the volume, so the basis points for a domestic transactions, US transactions or in one of those countries is going to be higher than in the country, bigger country France, Germany, etcetera, where we don't process, we simply asses on the card volume for domestic transactions. So, you can assume that international volume, cross-border volume and volume in countries where we process domestically is going to be higher than otherwise. 
Dan Perlin - Wachovia: Okay. And are there other pricing opportunities, besides from cross-border, be it card type, there is a lot of discussion about -- I guess debit/PIN debit this quarter in the call but within the PayPass is an area where you make more money than on a PIN debit transactions, is that fair to say? 
Chris McWilton: PayPass is treated as a signature based transaction, even though the signature is waived under $25. 
Dan Perlin - Wachovia: Right. 
Chris McWilton: So we would generate more on those transactions than with the PIN debit transactions, that’s correct. 
Dan Perlin - Wachovia: So as that becomes a larger percentage of your volume, that’s kind of a weighted average increase? 
Chris McWilton: Yeah, that would help us out. We love PayPass. 
Dan Perlin - Wachovia: I think the banks do too. All right, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Parker with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed. 
David Parker - Merrill Lynch: Good morning Chris. 
Chris McWilton: Good morning. 
David Parker - Merrill Lynch: Could you just provide us an update on your efforts to increase your acceptance into new categories like healthcare or bill payment? 
Chris McWilton: Sure, I think there was some time spent around new acceptance categories and opportunities at the Investor Day. I am not the one to talk about some of the technical implications, for instance mobile payments systems, the telephony based areas. But we did spend a lot of time on that, we do have some initiatives in healthcare going on, and Wendy Murdock, our Chief Product Officer's organization, we have been successful in the past of opening up new acceptance categories at the merchant location, we announced the Sam's Club deal last fall, which is the first time ever that general purpose cards were accepted at a warehouse location.  Personally, as I travel around the United States and overseas I see more and more places that I can use my card than I couldn’t in the past. Fast-food restaurants are another great example of how we open the acceptance category. So lots of things going on within the company, always thinking of ways to make it easier for people to pull out plastic and use it instead of currency. Obviously, healthcare is a big area, we look at the government sector as well, we look at telephony, PayPass, other remote forms of information flows etcetera RFid devices, so lots going on. 
David Parker - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great, and then on a different subject the US House Judiciary Committee -- how they hearing regarding interchange face. Was there anything surprising that came out of some of those comments at that hearing or any thoughts on interchange fees in general that you can share with us? 
Chris McWilton: Nothing, nothing is really too surprising. I think one of the things we are tying to do to our public policy efforts is make sure that the lawmakers understand what interchange is all about. And I think to some extent, interchanges characterizes just as a nasty thing and it's a indirect tax on consumers and its putting small merchants out of business. But, our position always has been, it is necessary to make the card system work. It’s the balancing mechanism. Issuers are not going to issue cards if they have to eat the cost of flow, a fraud, a processing etcetera.  And if you don’t have people issuing cards then the merchants aren’t going to be able to have as many people walk up to their registers and pull out their cards which has been shown to increase traffic and increase ticket sizes, etcetera. So, we spend a lot of time with the congress folks that are, and the other legislators that are involved and regulators around the world in educating them about what interchange is.  A great example of how you can get a major reactions interchanges is Australia, where the regulators arbitrarily cut interchange in half. And what happened was rewards were cut back, fees were tagged onto the consumer, and somebody has got to balance the economics. Interchange is the balancing mechanism, if you have regulators just walk in and arbitrarily reduce interchange, it falls out simply. It's like squeezing one end of the balloon, it’s got to come out of the other side, it’s kind of like price controls into that mix in administration, just as the work at the end of the day. 
David Parker - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks Chris. 
Chris McWilton: Okay. 
Barbara Gasper: Operator, I think we have time for one more question. 
Operator: Okay. And your final question comes from the line of Pat Burton with Citi. Please proceed. 
Pat Burton - Citigroup: Hi. Thanks for taking the call. Chris, could you give us an update on the share conversion program, if there is one to be given in terms of the banks interest and how the mechanism will work? Thanks. 
Chris McWilton: Yeah. We actually sent some information now I think publicly and how that works, there is 13.4 million shares that will be eligible for conversion. The conversion will run from August 2 through August 4, I’m getting some hand signals here, to October 5. And simultaneous with that will be executing the 500 million share repurchase to take some of the supply pressure out of the system.  We will be providing an update on how that conversion is going in the third quarter earnings call. I can’t comment on an activity within the B shares themselves, because that market is not public at this point in time, so anything that’s going on today between shareholders selling and buying. I can’t really comment on that, but we are optimistic that a number of banks will take advantage of the opportunity to convert and we stand ready all the infrastructures in place to make that happen and shareholder services had been involved and we’ve got to broker and everything so it’s all set and ready to go, it's on the runway. 
Pat Burton - Citigroup: I don't know if you can comment, but would you expect the full 13.4 million shares to be subscribed? 
Chris McWilton: I can't tell Pat, I’m hopeful it will. One of the things, if you look at the way we structured this is in terms of the mechanics, what we are hopeful is a lot of the smaller shareholders located in remote parts of the world that are licensed member and do hold shares, we’ll use this to sort of -- almost as a cleanup provision. We have a small number of balances, this conversion has probably waited a little bit to letting them exit and then later conversions will be a little bit more accommodating to the bigger banks to move bigger positions, but we incur a lot of cost internally to send out notices to communicate with these shareholders and some of them hold, it really dim in this levels of our shares, so we want to take this as a chance to clean that up and get some of our cost base down. 
Pat Burton - Citigroup: Thank you. 
Chris McWilton: Sure. 
Chris McWilton: Okay. With that I think we are going to wrap up. Barbara, thank you. Thank you for all listening in and joining in this morning. We are really optimistic about the rest of the year, things seem to be going very well. And the management team obviously is very focused on continuing the momentum and delivering the kind of financial results that we delivered this quarter. So again thank you. And we'll sign off. 
Operator: And this concludes the presentation. You may all now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-05-02 15:15:00) =====
Executives
